What is up? Everybody? Welcome to episode number 31a for Live trading cards podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast video well um uh like so well you know I mean uh uh series. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's your boy Sasha. I appreciate I appreciate I appreciate I appreciate I appreciate I I I I I I I I I I I appreciate I appreciate I appreciate I appreciate I appreciate I appreciate you guys tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning in today. First off. Wow. I mean so I mean uh well like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well so. What a crazy week in the sports card market and and and and and and and and and and and World. It has been it uh I mean uh I mean okay like so so so so so so so so so so so you know like okay seems like all cards in general have gone up and a a a a a a a a a a a lot of the I mean you know um um well well you know uh um um um um um um um um um um um you know specific cars that I talked about last week. All those cards have gone gone gone gone gone gone gone gone gone gone gone up I mean you know you know like like I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well well significantly. So let me break through those purrs with you because I think that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's actually um you know uh you know uh you know you know uh so so really interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting last week on the episode. I was talking about how Luca don't you just just just just just just just just just just just you know so you know I mean uh uh um you know like um um um um um um um um um um um base prison PSA tens. We're going for 272 $280. Now, this was February 27th. Okay well well well well well well well well well well well um so you know so I mean you know you know you know. Currently the the the the the the the the the the the last three sales have been $450 $450 and $500. It'll matter of just a couple days like five days. It went up that much.