Welcome to the heartbeat as you guys know, I'm the heart guy and had okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um uh well you know like like you know so so so so so so so so so so so I talked a lot about getting out of your mind getting out of the like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean well well okay um um uh head and why that's important. Important important important important important important important important important important. And that's and that's and that's and that's and that's and that's and that's and and and and and and and and and and and that's and that's and that's and that's what today's episode is all about me me me me me me me me me me me okay you know like okay I mean I mean so um well okay and and and and and and and and and and and be at had an amazing conversation about this stuff and she shared some I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay okay I mean um like you know I mean like you know know know know know know know know know know know awesome insights on what she does to get back tuned in with her heart tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned like so like um I mean you know I mean okay uh uh in with with with with with with with with with with with source and spirit and so it was an amazing conversation it I mean um well I I I I I I I I I I I mean like I mean so you know like you know was recorded. Quite Quite Quite Quite Quite Quite Quite Quite Quite Quite Quite some time ago. I haven't I haven't I haven't I haven't I haven't I I I I I I I I I I I haven't I haven't I haven't I haven't I haven't I haven't been publishing the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast as frequently as like well so you know I mean well okay um like like like like like like like like like like like okay I would like. So my apologies on that we will return back to to to to to to to to to to to uh you know I mean like um you know um well so like a a a a a a a a a a a schedule. I don't know exactly what that schedule is. There's a lot of moving Parts uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so I mean well you know okay okay so okay happening right now. So So So So So So So So So So So just be on the lookout for that sometime soon, either you'll so um you know like like like like like like like like like like like well um well um uh so find it because you're subscribed and you'll get notifications or because you'll be following me on Instagram. I'll post it up there.