We're back. It's been it's been it's been it's been it's been it's been it's been been been been been been been been been been been it's been it's been it's been it's been a hot second since we have just just just just just just just just just just just talked me and um you know uh I mean I mean um I mean uh um um um um um um um um um um um well you here we've had some really cool guest on the podcast. So So So So So So So So So So So we hope you guys um um I mean like uh I mean like so so okay have have have have have have have have have have have enjoyed those but it's just us today. We are here at 7:00 in you know like um um um um um um um um um um um well well okay like so um so the morning. I don't I don't I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't know what is wrong with us. We literally literally make the I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean um okay um I mean uh okay like goal every every every every every every every every every every every morning to wake up at 5:00. Like this is some sight. It was it it it it it it it it it it it was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was was was was was was was was was was was it was it was six well well uh you know well like like so so so so so so so so so so so okay like was it safe and James woke up at 4:00 and we just just just just just just just just just just just felt prom justified so so you know okay I mean well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay well okay in sleeping till 7:00. We do we do we do we do we we we we we we we we we we we do we do we do we do we do we do we do it everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday though. Sometimes eat we cannot something happens like you know um well uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean um um okay like where we just like, I don't know because purple sponsored us and we have the comfiest mattress and.