Good morning, good morning, good morning, good morning, good morning, good morning, good morning, good good good good good good good good good good good morning, good morning, good morning, good morning, and welcome to another mini Monday episode of of of of of of of of of of of crime over coffee. We're your hosts. You know well I mean like like like like like like like like like like like I mean uh so well so um. I'm Erica and I'm Abby today. I'm going going going going going going going going going going going to tell you guys about the Florence hair uh you know well I mean um um um um um um um um um um um well so uh okay uh salon murders in Montana. And this was a case suggestion suggestion suggestion suggestion suggestion suggestion suggestion suggestion suggestion suggestion suggestion by a like I mean like okay uh uh like like like um apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast reviewer Lele blue eyes. So thank so thank so thank so thank so thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank so thank so thank so thank so thank so thank so thank you so so so so so so so so so so so much for listening okay I mean so like um you know um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well well and leaving a comment for us and we're excited to share this this this this this this this this this this this case with you okay like like I mean like like so um I mean like support support support support support support support support support support support yourselves a strong cup of Joe and let's Dive In On November 6 2001 uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay uh you know I mean like so so I mean a customer is is is is is is is is is is is pulling into the Hair Gallery in Florence Montana to get her nails okay uh well well well well well well well well well well well like okay uh like um um you know done. Her appointment was at 11 a.m. Am am am am am am am am am am. She had arrived a little bit before that when she pulled in the parking lot. She saw what she.