Are you all ready for this? Yeah, I was fucking born. I um um like like like like like like like like like like like so I mean you know you know okay okay um can't wait to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about this movie. But this is a effin great. This okay so well like like like like like like like like like like like like I mean well like um I mean was like wow, this is is is is is is is is is is is like a real roller coaster. It was just like one uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you know uh okay um uh okay of those old can tie me me me me me me me me me me me feel masterpieces like three different movies in one that we're I mean um uh you you you you you you you you you you you know okay like well I mean like uh going to get into into into into into into into into into into into but I know that it was a good movie I mean like you know know know know know know know know know know know like uh uh so I mean um like because I'm like, oh I could could could could could could could could could could could easily talk about this for a minute. There's so there's so there's so there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's so there's so there's so there's so there's so there's so there's so there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's so so uh you know well okay so well okay like a lot to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about and it feels like are we getting into it or like you know know know know know know know know know know know so like like I mean you know I mean uh so my okay now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, let's not get into it. Okay, here we go. Hey everybody well um um um um um um um um um um um you know so you know I mean so well like I mean Welcome to the the the the the the the the the the the 500 greatest films podcast. My name is Arthur tomorrow. Oh, um uh okay so so so so so so so so so so so I mean like um uh okay um sorry sitting across from me is my God. Mr. Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr. Keller knobloch Keller Say howdy howdy, thank you know okay I mean okay you know know know know know know know know know know know um so um like you know you just for saying how do you tell our listeners and our guest tonight? I'm incredibly.