What's up, guys? This episode of the podcast is brought to you by anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor if you like um uh well uh you know uh uh well um um um um um um um um um um um don't know about anchor it's the platform that we use to make all of of of of of of of of of of of okay okay okay um um um okay um okay well our podcasts and it is is is is is is is is is is is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me just you know okay so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean well so uh well break it down for you guys real quick. Quick quick quick quick quick quick quick quick quick quick. It is 100% free. There's nothing you like uh so uh um I I I I I I I I I I I mean well uh so so have to pay for it comes with all kinds of of of of of of of of of of of creation tools so I mean so uh I mean okay okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like that you can record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone or your computer um uh uh okay um okay like okay so like wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever it'll automatically distribute your podcast for you so that it can be okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay like so so I mean like okay heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcast Google podcast, wherever you want to put it you can like you you you you you you you you you you you know like like uh well uh uh um uh make money from your podcast right right right right right right right right right right right out the gate. No minimum listenership. You can start monetizing right you know know know know know know know know know know know um you know uh you know I mean like uh uh well away, which is super awesome. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's literally everything that you need to make a podcast all like um um like so so so so so so so so so so so uh like okay I mean I mean in one place. So download the the the the the the the the the the the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F like like like uh uh so so so so so so so so so so so uh like like uh m-- to get started. Enjoy the episode guys shit out in in in in in in in in in in in a box uh uh like you know I mean so I mean so so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh and I'll look this way too simple. That's fucking boring. I'm not doing it. Um Um Um Um Um Um Um Um Um Um Um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um uh like uh so you know know know know know know know know know know know well I mean okay. Okay. I just I just I just I just I I I I I I I I I I I just I just I just I just I just I just I just reason with with with with with with with with with with with myself like within a week of doing that and then I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean like um like so uh fucking a hundred thieves comes out out out out out out out out out out out with some shit like that. It's bullshit. It's what's I mean well um um um um um um um um um um um I mean you know um okay like well uh under bro. Come on son. Son son son son son son son son son son. The bomber jacket is sick though. I alright I will say it looks pretty tight. I'm.