Good morning. Good morning. Breakfast. Today is sponsored by dr. David Romani for the reflection reflection reflection reflection reflection reflection reflection reflection reflection reflection reflection I mean well I mean you know so I mean I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh of my view on attend you who died. Then Tova breakfast is also also also also also also also also also also also uh so okay I mean okay okay um you know so I mean sponsored anonymously anonymously anonymously anonymously anonymously anonymously anonymously anonymously anonymously anonymously anonymously in the Merit sadaqa and words of Tourism. Simcha, but Sophia will be uh well well well well well well well well well well well like so uh uh um okay um um myth karev to her proper. She She She She She She She She She She She look today as well as all the singles of you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well um uh um so I mean well marriageable age. And as well breakfast is is is is is is is is is is is sponsored by Lindsay and Shlomo three, so like I mean so okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um like you know so in loving memory and Lena shmatte my grandmother Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Dorrit farhi, but the key a like you know you know you know okay well well well well well well well well well well well you know okay uh well cold brew is dedicated in loving memory and was in his mat mat mat mat mat mat mat mat mat mat mat raffaella empanadas and okay uh well like you know well uh well okay you know know know know know know know know know know know watch them out for my in maruyama attack that sponsored by don't have Shalom Shalom Shalom Shalom Shalom Shalom Shalom Shalom Shalom Shalom Shalom family well uh like um like okay so I mean uh I mean Robert. I I I I I I I I I I I Robert I rabbit a rabbit a this week splashes fascinating they attacked like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so um so I mean like so I mean it survey the pursuit tells us us us us us us us us us us us and you should command the Jewish people and what is he? What do you command in the Jewish.