What's going on guys before we get started on today's episode. I want I want I I I I I I I I I I I want I want I want I want I want I want I want I want I I I I I I I I I I I want to talk um well so well well you know okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so um to you guys about anchor anchor is the app that I use to I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay well so um like you know I mean uh well record my episodes. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's the easiest way to make podcast. It's a hundred percent uh uh like like like like like like like like like like like okay so um um you know uh uh free and it allows you to use tools that that that that that that that that that that that allow you to record and um I mean uh uh um um so well so so so so so so so so so so so well edit your podcast straight from your phone or computer that allows you to I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know um you know well uh you know so I mean so record with with with with with with with with with with with friends as well after it's been uploaded to Anchor and go okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like well so well I mean okay okay will then distribute your podcast for for for for for for for for for for for you so I can be heard on so I mean okay uh well like like like like like like like like like like like like I mean so you know Spotify app a podcast and many more you you you you you you you you you you you can also definitely make money from well um well like like you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean so you know um your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you need to make uh uh you know you know I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um I mean a podcast in one place download the free anchor app app app app app app app app app app app or go to Anchor so like okay so okay so um like so so so so so so so so so so so so dot fm to get started. Before I before I before I before I before I I I I I I I I I I I before I before I before I before I before I before I start this podcast, I I I I I I I I I I I just so you know so okay so well uh like I mean like want want want want want want want want want want want to let you guys know if you are listening to this podcast through through through through through through through through through through through headphones. Um well so I mean okay um well uh like uh. I'm warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning you right now. It's only going through the left here. I want so uh like like like like like like like like like like like um um uh I mean um so you know to believe because that's just just just just just just just just just just just the way my my whole setup. It works I guess but so um well well well well well well well well well well well so okay so I mean like so well I'm going to try to figure out a way how to fix that. But I.