Hey, it's Tobias here. If you want to learn a little bit about my my my my my my my my my my my you know um well okay uh I mean okay well like so firm or see my my my my my my my my my my my portfolio head on over to acquirers funds.com. I'm a huge uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like so well okay I mean well well fan of Dan Eric and Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify we run Spotify in the office all I mean um you know um well I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh well well well day long as you might know Spotify has a huge huge huge huge huge huge huge huge huge huge huge catalogue of podcasts on like um um so well I mean I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean so I mean every topic including the one you're listening to right now. You You You You You You You You You You You can listen to so I mean well you know I mean um well well well well well well well well well well well uh like like all of your favorite artists and podcasts in one place for for for for for for for for for for for free. You can follow well okay you know uh so okay well you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean so your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium premium premium premium premium premium premium premium premium premium premium users can download episodes okay well you know so well um um like well well well well well well well well well well well um to listen to offline wherever you are easily share what you're listening to with with with with with with with with with with with your friends well okay you know uh you know so you know um well like like like like like like like like like like like on Instagram. Haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app search for for for for for for for for for for for uh I mean like um okay so um I mean uh uh the acquirers podcast on on on on on on on on on on on Spotify or browse podcast in the your library tab. Also, I mean you know like like like like like like like like like like like um uh you know uh well well so make sure to follow me. So So So So So So So So So So So you never miss an episode of the acquirers podcast one more time. This is Bush League. I'm Tobias Carla.