Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need more voices you you you you you you you you you you you know uh I mean so okay well um like uh well in the the the the the the the the the the the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast to so well well well well well well well well well well well like I mean uh you know okay like okay uh the Traditions passed down down down down down down down down down down down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding before our eyes. You know know know know know know know know know know know like um uh uh like well like so you know. There are a a a a a a a a a a a lot of ways to get involved and an easy one is uh uh you know know know know know know know know know know know so so um well I mean like well to start a podcast anchor dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot f m is a great podcast hosting platform. If uh like so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh um um like you haven't heard about anchor it's the the the the the the the the the the the easiest way to make a podcast. Okay like okay I mean well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well um so uh. Let me let me let me let me let me me me me me me me me me me me let me let me let me let me let me let me me me me me me me me me me me explain it's free. There's Russian tools that allow you to record and edit I I I I I I I I I I I mean like you know I mean um uh so well uh okay your podcast right right right right right right right right right right right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. Um you you you you you you you you you you you know um so okay um I mean okay um like. So it can be heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can like well so like like like like like like like like like like like well I mean like um so I mean actually make some money from your podcast with with with with with with with with with with with no minimum listenership. It's everything you like so you know okay okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well okay need to make a podcast in one convenient location. So if if if if if if if if if if if you're interested you know like uh you know okay I mean okay um I I I I I I I I I I I mean like download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.