All right, welcome scientists and first ever episode of The Melody our I'm I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean okay like well I mean okay well so um your host future and and and and and and and and and and and I'm here with a guest today Dover. He's from he's from he's from he's from from from from from from from from from from from he's from he's from he's from he's from he's from he's from he's from the the the the the the the the the the the like uh um I mean you know so um uh uh you know skirt skirt skirt skirt skirt skirt skirt skirt skirt skirt skirt and he's going to join us for the ride on the first ever I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well you know like uh uh I mean so episode of Melody our our our our our our our our our our our little silver. How you doing? How are you doing I mean you know like like like like like like like like like like like uh okay you know uh so like you know today? Didn't well can't complain complain complain complain complain complain complain complain complain complain complain Gil. Dad. I feel bad man after day work. It's um well I mean well well well well well well well well well well well like okay um like okay I mean good to just come back and relax at at at at at at at at at at at home. All right, so What do you well um so well okay so I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean okay like think the goal is for the podcast? Honestly, I have have have have have have have have have have have no idea. Let me let me let me let me let me let me let me me me me me me me me me me me let me let me let me let me like okay uh okay okay uh you you you you you you you you you you you know well uh like let me let me try to Enlighten the that a a a a a a a a a a a little bit. So basically it uh you know like like you know you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean um uh well did start out as a meme between me and and and and and and and and and and and bay on the Discord server I mean you know I mean you know um um um um um um um um um um um uh well like so so bunch of people were just talking about us having having having having having having having having having having having great voice and we should do I mean okay like okay so uh uh um um um um um um um um um um um you know well like podcast and stuff like that. We went along with it mainly for the joke, and we ended up.