Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the the the the the the the the the the the topic well uh I mean like so well so um okay like of today's newsletter is going going going going going going going going going going going to be what women are attracted to in men. Um you know okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay I mean uh um. In other words. What are the things? What What What What What What What What What What What are the triggers? What are the things like you know you know you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like well uh uh I mean that women like about us guys? So what what what what what what what what what what what kind of behavior is it that they I mean like I mean um I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay I mean I mean um okay like so we can exhibit exhibit exhibit exhibit exhibit exhibit exhibit exhibit exhibit exhibit exhibit this kind of behavior obviously to attract women. Well you well you well you you you you you you you you you you you well you well you well you well you well you well you well you you you you you you you you you you you well you know I mean well okay uh um so uh so okay first things first first first first first first first first first first first that we got understand about women is number one. There are emotional like like like like like like like like like like like uh uh well um you know well okay okay okay beings and their Even Even Even Even Even Even Even Even Even Even Even by their emotions and women want to be in a like I mean um um um um um um um um um um um you know well like I mean so you know uh love story. They want to to to to to to to to to to to just randomly run into some dude in the supermarket or you know you know well I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay so like well like well the grocery store and make eye contact contact contact contact contact contact contact contact contact contact contact and there's just obviously it happens in you know I mean you know like like like like like like like like like like like like well well like I mean you know such a way that it's obvious to both both both both both both both both both both both of them that they like each other and they smile at each other and the.