Hi guys, welcome to the dead by tomorrow podcast. My name is Daniel winter and my my my my my my my my my my my like I mean well uh like um um so um you know co-host is Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Monroe in each episode. We're going we're going we're going we're going we're going going going going going going going going going going going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going to explore explore explore explore explore explore explore explore explore explore explore topics that are like I mean you know I mean um okay like so well well well well well well well well well well well you know too important to wait until your last day on Earth as we introduce each topic. Topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic. I mean so like I mean I mean like I mean so uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean. We encourage you to remember that some tomorrow will be your last so so so so so so so so so so so each new day um well um uh like okay I mean um you know know know know know know know know know know know okay could be your final chance to really live. This week we'll be be be be be be be be be be be uh you know so I mean um uh okay uh I mean okay covering introductions introductions introductions introductions introductions introductions introductions introductions introductions introductions introductions for Daniel and I where the idea for the podcast came from uh so so so so so so so so so so so um I mean well like so I mean like so and some of of of of of of of of of of of our topics moving forward. Thanks for listening. Okay, Andrew, what would you I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well like okay you know okay so I mean okay do if if if if if if if if if if if you were going to die tomorrow? If I was going to die uh um well um um um um um um um um um um um um like um you know I mean okay tomorrow? I would probably do something involving being being being being being being being being being being being shirtless for starters and hopefully something like um so so you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know uh memorable at the same time. You know, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, you know, you know, I've got this idea in my head of that scene from that movie. I can't remember where the guy.