What if what if what if what if what if what if what if if if if if if if if if if if what if what if what if what if world is supported by our sponsors and and and and and and and and and and and by listeners like you on patreon? Folks okay folks okay folks okay folks okay folks folks folks folks folks folks folks folks folks folks folks okay folks okay folks okay folks okay folks okay folks okay folks okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay so uh um okay okay well at home. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so happy to report that my podcast is now hosted on um you know you you you you you you you you you you you know like you know I mean um so I mean I mean anchor which which which which which which which which which which which by the way is like the easiest way to make podcasts. Let okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so well well you know uh you know um me explain first first first first first first first first first first first off it's free, and there's our creation tool that allows you well okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um uh so okay uh to record and edit your podcast right right right right right right right right right right right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute I mean okay okay you know know know know know know know know know know know so like like uh uh so your podcast for you. So it so it so so so so so so so so so so so it so it so it so it so it so it so it it it it it it it it it it it so it so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and like like like like like like like like like like like you know you know well you know you know I mean like so like like like like like like like like like like like tons of other places and when you're ready to start monetizing your podcast anchor Make Make Make Make Make Make Make Make Make Make Make it so like okay so uh um well so like um easy with minimum listenership. Listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay like well like um place. Honestly. I wish I I I I I I I I I I I joined sooner download the free anchor app or well okay so I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know uh uh well I mean so go to Anchor dot. F m-- to to to to to to to to to to to get started that's anchored on FM and tell them mr. Eric sent ya. What if.