Welcome to mindful Monday's. This is Angie. And today we're going to be going okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um so like I mean like um um through a kemetic meditation. Meditation meditation meditation meditation meditation meditation meditation meditation meditation meditation. So the so the so the so the so the so the so the the the the the the the the the the the so the so the so the so the ideal position for this meditation is to so so so so so so so so so so so like uh like like okay so uh uh okay be laying down on your your your your your your your your your your your back with your legs lengthened out arms at your sides. I mean uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know you know I mean like uh well okay. You can also do do do do do do do do do do do this in a seated position. If you are I mean I mean you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay okay I mean I mean so so sitting you want to make sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure that your back is flat up against like so I mean I mean like I I I I I I I I I I I mean um okay uh you know your chair or a wall if you have your your your your your your your your your your your legs crossed and if you are sitting in like you know you know I mean so so so so so so so so so so so well you know I mean you know you know a chair have your feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet Flat on the ground ankles lined up with your knees. You know I mean so so so so so so so so so so so like like you know like you know okay uh. So once so once so once once once once once once once once once once once so once so once so once so once so once so once so once so so so so so so so so so so so once you find either you're sitting or you're laying position with your uh well well um um um um um um um um um um um you know well uh so okay you know hands, I want you to find your your your your your your your your your your your navel. So with your thumbs identify your navel and well you know um you know um um um um um um um um um um um I mean I mean so I mean I mean then you're going to place your hands right hand right underneath and left hand on top.