Welcome to the special edition of between two Blue Devils. It's parent-teacher parent-teacher parent-teacher parent-teacher parent-teacher parent-teacher parent-teacher parent-teacher parent-teacher parent-teacher parent-teacher conferences here at Tommy's uh well okay so like um uh okay like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean high school. So I thought maybe I would go around and do something special special special special special special special special special special special uh okay okay well you know you know I mean uh like um a little bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit different going to go around and ask random teachers if they I mean well so you you you you you you you you you you you know uh uh you know like like like want to answer a question that my my my my my my my my my my my students have written. I'm going to pull um so well I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know like so you know like you know a question out of the grab bag. It's going going going going going going going going going going going to IAM impromptu, they're going like so so okay okay okay like okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay to answer it and we're going to get some interesting answers. I'm sure in in in in in in in in in in in the meantime, I I mean you know okay uh um okay um okay you know know know know know know know know know know know well want to let you know that tomorrow. We have another official guest and I I I I I I I I I I I like I mean okay so well I mean I mean well you know you you you you you you you you you you you know cannot wait to interview our next guest here on between two Blue devils. Devils Devils Devils Devils Devils Devils Devils Devils Devils Devils. This individual is so I mean so okay well um so like okay so awesome. Awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome. And the and the and the and the and the and the and the the the the the the the the the the the and the and the and the and the story that they're going to share share share share share share share share share share share with you is unbelievable. So you um uh uh okay well uh like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean want to make sure you tune in this weekend. Make sure you subscribe so you don't miss that episode when it drops got to tell you.