All right. Chloe Sutton. Welcome to the podcast. How you doing? I'm great. How are I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean so well so um like like you know uh you doing? doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing Brett very well. Appreciate you appreciate you appreciate you appreciate you appreciate you appreciate you you you you you you you you you you you appreciate you appreciate you appreciate you appreciate you appreciate you coming on you've got got got got got got got got got got got an amazing story and well um like okay okay um well uh okay uh I I I I I I I I I I I love for you to share it with a lot of people. Yeah, thank yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, thank yeah, thank yeah, thank yeah, thank yeah, thank yeah, thank yeah, thank yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, thank yeah, thank yeah, thank like um um uh so um okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean like like you. I'm so excited that you're doing this. I think I think I I I I I I I I I I I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think think think think think think think think think think think I think it's somewhat long like so well so um like okay uh like like like like like like like like like like like like overdue and you know, I love listening so far and I can't wait to to to to to to to to to to to continue you know uh I mean okay um well um well uh you know to follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow along in the future. Yeah. I mean I've told you many times we well I I I I I I I I I I I mean um so I mean like uh I mean well like have such great conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations and we talk in depth about how you got to uh so well um I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know so like I mean so where you are and what drives you and and and and and and and and and and and what motivates you and all those sorts I mean uh well well well well well well well well well well well well so um okay so well I mean of things. I think is so so so so so so so so so so so important to share and I've had great conversations with like uh so well well like like like like like like like like like like like um um okay so a lot of really good coaches. And athletes in the past few weeks just working on this and I think we can all.