Hey everyone, welcome to season 2 of reversing climate change. We are doing that that that that that that that that that that that podcast well uh I mean so so you know so you know like like like like like like like like like like like like thing now in launching a patreon. You can find it at patreon.com patreoncom patreoncom patreoncom patreoncom patreoncom patreoncom patreoncom patreoncom patreoncom patreoncom. Slash Nori podcasts. Uh so well well so uh I mean uh well you know. Know know know know know know know know know know. There are various tiers with different types of goodies available. Do you do you do you you you you you you you you you you you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you you you you you you you you you you you do you want to I mean you know so okay okay um you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh um receive a special newsletter digestive what Nori knots are reading that week week week week week week week week week week week be a part um you know I mean I mean um like well you you you you you you you you you you you know um like of a Nori book club get special access to Nori events. Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go take a look well you know okay um um so like okay I mean um um um um um um um um um um um at patreon.com Nori podcast for what we're offering and in that Spirit of being lean lean lean lean lean lean lean lean lean lean lean and uh so you know like well uh okay um so um that startup kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of way that That, you know, we like to do this list you know uh okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um well uh I mean so of goodies is subject to change and and and and and and and and and and and we'd very much like your feedback. Uh well uh well uh well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh well uh well uh well uh well uh well uh well uh well so so so so so so so so so so so well okay you know you know you know um okay. Is there is there is there there there there there there there there there there there is there is there is there is there is there is there is there there there there there there there there there there there is there something that you'd really like to see but it isn't listed here so so so so so so so so so so so so so well okay you know like I mean uh like honest feedback feedback feedback feedback feedback feedback feedback feedback feedback feedback feedback does a lot to help us shape what we offer to you. You can you can can can can can can can can can can can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can can can can can can can can can can can you can you know um um um so um like I mean well I I I I I I I I I I I mean send an email to podcast at Nori.com or fill out our podcast survey um um um um um um um um um um um okay um um um like okay so like uh anonymously in our newsletter, newsletter, newsletter, newsletter, newsletter, newsletter, newsletter, newsletter, newsletter, newsletter, newsletter, which you can find at nor e.com subscribe, and thank you so much like like like like like like like like like like like I mean you know um I mean uh so so you know well for listening to another season of reversing climate change. Hello and welcome to the reversing climate change.