Okay. Okay, Monday March 2nd 2020 Teleperformance the yard, this is your clo Francisco Francisco Francisco Francisco Francisco Francisco Francisco Francisco Francisco Francisco Francisco Lara Cisco uh okay okay um uh um well I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh Kid metal. Whoa. Um we um we um we um we um we um um um um um um um um um um um we um we um we um we um we um we want to share with you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys the Jack Welsh passed like okay okay you know I mean like um okay so I I I I I I I I I I I mean away. He was the chairman and CEO of General Electric an amazing person person person person person person person person person person person with okay I mean you know so you know okay well like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean a beautiful leadership. His leadership was base is all about your team. It's you you you you you you you you you you you it's you it's you it's you it's you it's you it's you it's you it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's you it's you it's you know well well I mean uh I mean well like um um um um um um um um um um um you know all about the people you put together. I want to take advantage of of of of of of of of of of of this to share well well so well okay um so um uh well with with with with with with with with with with with you guys. The fact that I am part of Lucky's que. Ahora so so so so so so so so so so so like I mean so like so so you know well well El Colombiano say say say say say say say say say say say Super Ten and it's because of you guys you guys are all um um I I I I I I I I I I I mean so you know well um like you know I mean phenomenal and it's all about about about about about about about about about about about what we have built and where we were going. Okay okay well um okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so like like. He's other portion of his leadership is scouting on profitable part part part part part part part part part part part of the business and let go of employees the risk the success of others and they company.