If you struggle to get your workouts in if you want to do some you you you you you you you you you you you know so um okay um um okay uh you know okay workouts at home, if you you you you you you you you you you you are a mom with kids and you really really I mean okay okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um um um uh struggle to find the time or if you travel travel travel travel travel travel travel travel travel travel travel a lot then you need this plan. Well I mean I mean so um you know know know know know know know know know know know uh I mean I mean so. Now, I've now, I've now, I've now, I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've now, I've now, I've now, I've now, I've now, I've now, I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've now, I've just released on been Ogden da Hood at UK. I'll repeat again. Been Been Been Been Been Been Been Been Been Been Been Ogden okay so uh okay okay you know so so um um dot code at at at at at at at at at at at UK a home hit plan is a four-week plan which consists of three like okay like like like like like like like like like like like okay like you know well okay okay uh workouts every single week all all all all all all all all all all all different workouts. You also get access to the audio uh uh like uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like um I mean I mean I mean trainer app. Which has all video tutorials tutorials tutorials tutorials tutorials tutorials tutorials tutorials tutorials tutorials tutorials of how to do every single exercise on well um I mean um um like like like like like like like like like like like you know so uh you know the plant. No equipment needed. You might need a a a a a a a a a a a sofa you might get a chair so you know uh you know you know well you know know know know know know know know know know know okay uh well up some point, but very very very minimal equipment and stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff that you okay well uh uh I mean um okay you know um well well well well well well well well well well well can find around the house. And so and so and so and so and so so so so so so so so so so so and so and so and so and so and so and so if if if if if if if if if if if you answered yes to any so uh uh well okay okay um you know know know know know know know know know know know well like of them questions at the start go and get the planet is is is is is is is is is is is also 50% off okay so I mean I mean uh um like well like like like like like like like like like like like like at the moment. Once again once again once again once again once again once again again again again again again again again again again again once again once again once again once again once again been Ogden dot Cody UK, welcome to the audio trainer. You're a personal trainer.