Stack Master. Hi and hi and hi and hi and hi and hi and hi and and and and and and and and and and and hi and hi and hi and hi and welcome to the intro to Royce Royce Royce Royce Royce Royce Royce Royce Royce Royce Royce John's. Hey seth. I mean uh okay I mean well you know uh so so so so so so so so so so so like uh. Hey Dustin, what's up? Not much. How has your week been? It's Monday. So well well well well well well well well well well well so well so well so well so well so well so well so well well well well well well well well well well well so well so well so well well uh well uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well okay so I mean so far. It's been okay, it's been okay. Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well then well, we haven't so uh uh you know I mean like okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay you know talked to since last week. Hey we've texted. All All All All All All All All All All All that. Yeah, but they don't hear like so um I mean like so so so so so so so so so so so I mean okay like um the tax that can't read that this is we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're talking to these people. We're not like um I mean I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so I mean uh I don't think they want to read some some some some some some some some some some some of the stuff that like I mean well I mean uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like we say. Oh, we did go to Peace Tree. Yeah, we yeah, we we we we we we we we we we we yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, we yeah, we did go to like I mean you know uh okay well well I I I I I I I I I I I mean so okay piece. That was pretty cool. We got to see some some some some some some some some some some some amazing album artwork artists. Yeah. Um I mean um so uh well okay um um um um um um um um um um um well you know. It was really cool. Music had some good beer. Yeah. We We We We We We We We We We We got to speak to the artists and hint hint. There might be an episode with.