The last the last the last the last the last the last the last last last last last last last last last last last the last the last the last the last Factor podcast what is up college lacrosse fans, fans, fans, fans, fans, fans, fans, fans, fans, fans, fans, you're watching the 88th episode I mean well I mean um uh uh um like like like like like like like like like like like you know um of the lacks Factor La Crosse podcast. Today is today is is is is is is is is is is is today is today is today is today is today is today is today is today is is is is is is is is is is is today is the weekend preview show. We um okay well okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay you know so well I mean are going to talk about a boatload boatload boatload boatload boatload boatload boatload boatload boatload boatload boatload of La Crosse. We're going to talk like okay like I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know like you know um I mean I mean Villanova at Penn Georgetown at at at at at at at at at at at Towson, Hofstra, Ohio State Stoneybrook at Bryant Denver at Notre like I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know you know um so okay I mean so you know Dame Duke at Loyola Loyola Loyola Loyola Loyola Loyola Loyola Loyola Loyola Loyola Loyola cuse at Hopkins Rutgers at Princeton Albany at maryland. You know you know you know you you you you you you you you you you you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know know know know know know know know know know know you know so uh uh uh I mean well I mean you know. Yell Yell Yell Yell Yell Yell Yell Yell Yell Yell Yell at Michigan Penn State at Cornell. It is a lot of Lacrosse to so you you you you you you you you you you you know you know um uh so uh okay I mean well sneak into this show here here here here here here here here here here here before I get into it as always be sure to so like you know know know know know know know know know know know well uh like okay uh well I mean like subscribe hit the notification Bell and and and and and and and and and and and then go to lacks factor.com. You you know well I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know so like um I mean you know you know can get yourself some swag t-shirts. We We We We We We We We We We We have all sorts of t-shirts and we're um well um I mean so uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay uh you know building on that every single day and then a little little little little little little little little little little little bit from our sponsor you know uh okay um I mean you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay so sideline swap best place by far to buy and sell La Crosse Crosse Crosse Crosse Crosse Crosse Crosse Crosse Crosse Crosse Crosse gear hard like well like well so well um um uh so to find find find find find find find find find find find college gear pre-owned heads shafts helmets and more up to 70% off. Off off off off off off off off off off. So go so go so go so go so go so go so go so go so go so go so go to sideline swap.com.