Slap the slap the slap the slap the slap the slap the slap the slap slap slap slap slap slap slap slap slap slap slap the slap the slap the slap the floor with this. You're still we going going going going going going going going going going going with it. Hello. It's okay okay so uh like so like uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean over. This is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is this is a podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. This is the the boys podcasts and I'm here uh I mean okay I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean well uh well I mean with my to co-host a one of of of of of of of of of of of us. One of our Coast like um you know I mean you know you know know know know know know know know know know know uh well well um couldn't make it but I'll let you guys to introduce yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself Oscar what you just um um like I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so um um okay introduce yourself first. Wait, I have a question. What's your your your your your your your your your your your question? Okay. So you said you so so okay well uh like uh well uh like like like like like like like like like like like had to co-host and one of them couldn't make it. Yes one of us the the the the the the the the the the the um well uh okay well um well like you know okay other co-host. Matthew Matthew Matthew Matthew Matthew Matthew Matthew Matthew Matthew Matthew Matthew couldn't make it so you two you're both your co-host your math math math math math math math math math math math you know you know like so um well um so so like isn't working here buddy buddy buddy buddy buddy buddy buddy buddy buddy buddy buddy one just four of us. Yes could cope he co-hosts. Um you um you um um um um um um um um um um um you um you um you um you um you um you um you um you you you you you you you you you you you um you know like uh so well so uh so I mean. Are you you you you you you you you you you you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you you you you you you you you you you you are you are you are you have to co-hosts that one of them? Yeah. Yeah, I've shut up. Alright.