So the so the so the so the so the so the so the so the the the the the the the the the the the so the so the so the podcast is really rolling now and enough so so so so so so so so so so so that we have our uh uh I mean like I mean you know you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean okay like first sponsor. Our first sponsor ever of the blacktop bantered podcast is is is is is is is is is is is stencil plus. So you know like well you know well you know um like you you you you you you you you you you you know like I use stencil plus with my business. They made a handicap logo for for for for for for for for for for for me amongst other you know you know so well like well like um okay so custom custom custom custom custom custom custom custom custom custom custom logos and different things for me as well. They have the lowest price guaranteed guaranteed. Guaranteed guaranteed guaranteed guaranteed guaranteed guaranteed guaranteed guaranteed guaranteed guaranteed. They okay okay I mean so well you know well uh like well have free shipping shipping shipping shipping shipping shipping shipping shipping shipping shipping shipping on all orders over $50. You can have a free company logo stencil I mean uh um um um um um um um um um um um I mean like okay like okay okay so made free and they have lots lots lots lots lots lots lots lots lots lots lots of cool Social Media stuff going on there always interacting there's thousands well uh okay you you you you you you you you you you you know you know so well you know I mean like of stencils to choose choose choose choose choose choose choose choose choose choose choose from and they can create anything if they don't have it already. Well so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so well so uh so so you know. So if you have something something something something something something something something something something something very custom you want made they will work with you like okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay uh so you know I mean and they listen to their customers needs needs needs needs needs needs needs needs needs needs needs of what they want what they need like okay like uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know uh um I mean um to work with. So the other thing that is I'm super hyped about is that listeners of this podcast.