Welcome to for the long run the podcast exploring the why behind what keeps keeps keeps keeps keeps keeps keeps keeps keeps keeps keeps Runners I mean um I mean well you know I mean um um you know know know know know know know know know know know so running long strong and motivated. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your your your your your your your your your your your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host Jonathan Levitt. I've been been been been been been been been been been been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been been been been been been been been been been been I've been I've been I've been I've been running for so um you know know know know know know know know know know know you know so you know okay um well so a few years now and have have have have have have have have have have have the privilege of meeting many incredible Runners on my okay okay um um um um um um um um um um um well like like so uh I mean uh travels all across the country. Country country country country country country country country country country. This podcast is intended to share those amazing you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean well so you know okay like well um uh conversations. Welcome back. I I I I I I I I I I I am here in Atlanta with EO Aang. Yo, thanks so much for like uh well I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh I mean I mean you know like like joining today. It's a pleasure pleasure pleasure pleasure pleasure pleasure pleasure pleasure pleasure pleasure pleasure to talk with you Jonathan likewise. So let's so let's so let's so let's so let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's so let's so let's so let's so let's so let's so let's okay uh well well well well well well well well well well well well well you know uh you know okay um start with let's start with with with with with with with with with with with an intro. Whoo-hoo Izzie. Oh, I oh, I oh, I oh, I oh, I oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, I oh, I oh, I oh, I oh, I oh, I am an athlete and also an educator. So I am primarily a science teacher in Marin County, California.