You're listening to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The Meta and the community of of of of of of of of of of of okay well um uh well you know you know I mean I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean Legends of runeterra. This episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this this this this this this this this this this this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode is supported by listeners like like like like like like like like like like like you to become a supporter you know well you know like so um like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so okay of Legends cast visit patreon.com slash Legends cast. Let's do this. This this this this this this this this this this. Hello and welcome okay so uh like so uh like like um well well well well well well well well well well well to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The Meta and the community of of of of of of of of of of of the you know uh you know okay you know well like um like uh legends legends legends legends legends legends legends legends legends legends legends of runeterra. I'm one of your host Mark looks or the lift outside of Pittsburgh, like like like like like like like like like like like I mean I mean you know okay you know well well you know know know know know know know know know know know well Pennsylvania. And with and with and with and with and with and with and with with with with with with with with with with with and with and with and with and with me tonight is well, actually nobody. This is is is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this this this is this is a bit of an you know uh I mean well like so um um um um um um um um um um um well um um in-between episode. Unfortunately dead broke nerd and I could not get get get get get get get get get get get our schedules to work uh um uh I mean okay okay so I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay together this week at our normal time, and it meant that we were unable to record. In.