Welcome to the science and spirituality podcast where we dive deep into Universal spiritual like like like like like like like like like like like like like like well um well okay like I mean principles and ground them in modern modern modern modern modern modern modern modern modern modern modern science. My name is Chris Gardner. My name you know um well well so so well well well well well well well well well well well uh I mean I mean is Kevin Clarke. We are committed to simplifying the the the the the the the the the the the spiritual side of successful with so okay you know like okay you know you know know know know know know know know know know know um well well easy to understand scientific research. So you can walk away with with with with with with with with with with with practical tools to create um okay I mean you know um uh um um um um um um um um um um um like um okay radical transformations in your life. Let's get started. Looking forward to to to to to to to to to to to this episode and also so uh um so uh like I mean you know well well well well well well well well well well well uh having a new guest here. Yeah, and so our special guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest today is Julie um um so um like so um um well you know know know know know know know know know know know householder who is a life coach and a biofield healing immersion practitioner and and and and and and and and and and and she okay um um like so so uh like I mean so also also also also also also also also also also also happens to be my girlfriend. So it's going to be a fun episode. Like okay like like like like like like like like like like like you know you know you know I mean I mean I mean uh. Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, yeah. Um, but yeah, so we wanted to talk about the topic of forgiveness. Well I I I I I I I I I I I well I well I well I well I well I well I well I well well well well well well well well well well well I well I well I mean uh I mean um well well I mean okay so. So so so so so so so so so so. Do you want to start it off cab sure forgiveness. I want to First paint the picture of what I understood forgiveness as before.