Right. Here we go. Welcome to acres of diamonds. This is this is this is is is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is is is this is actually the first I mean you know I mean um um um um um um um um um um um well okay well like so so time we're going to talk about the Acres of of of of of of of of of of of diamonds program in total and um so like um I mean um um um um um um um um um um um like so well uh we're going to talk to a real live student student student student student student student student student student student graduate of Acres of diamonds miss I mean like so like um so so so so so so so so so so so uh well I mean well any Coughlin. You got you got you got you you you you you you you you you you you got you got you got you got you got you got you got you got got got got got got got got got got got the last call going wrong Coghlan cog-lin. No, I think you so you know you know know know know know know know know know know know uh so I mean like so I mean uh have it wrong. Good Good Good Good Good Good Good Good Good Good Good week. Do you have your parents on speed dog? um like uh uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean like um We talk to them. Well, actually my dad's death so so so so so so so so so so so we can't call him. Uh okay like I mean uh I mean um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like. Oh, that's probably could I you didn't you didn't learn enough in acres of of of of of of of of of of of like well like so uh um okay so so I mean diamonds. If you you you you you you you you you you you think we can talk to your dad somehow communicate with them. Well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well um okay okay okay you know uh uh. Yeah. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. Yeah, trust me trust me. Well, I talked to Marcus. So I'm uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um okay so so you know uh I mean well assuming you can can can can can can can can can can can talk to your dad occasionally. Yes. Yes, so he may not okay uh well well well well well well well well well well well you know like I mean you know so well like answer right away, right, but me me me me me me me me me me me I have ways. Yes, is yes, is yes, is yes, is yes, is is is is is is is is is is is yes, is yes, is yes, is yes, is yes, is yes, is there I talk I talked to Marcus so I meant deaf.