You're welcome you're welcome you're welcome you're welcome you're welcome you're welcome you're welcome you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're welcome you're welcome you're welcome you're welcome back to my has Road. This isn't this isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't this isn't this isn't this isn't this isn't this isn't this isn't this this this this this this this this this this this isn't this isn't this isn't the third episode of the series you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um um um um okay I mean um and when you're still still still still still still still still still still still getting that's all right. We almost we almost we almost we almost we almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost we almost we almost we almost we almost we almost we almost there today. Today today today today today today today today today today. I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I I I I I I I I I I I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted to so like so okay you you you you you you you you you you you know okay well so you know like talk a lot about experiences good and and and and and and and and and and and bad memories and all that you know um I mean like well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean uh so I mean shit, but most importantly. I want want want want want want want want want want want to talk about Mary's. Didn't know when I should so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh so like um well you know talk about it. I I I I I I I I I I I thought why not desert episode. Costco nothing special but why not just well I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay so okay well like I mean um uh talk about Mary's and and and and and and and and and and and all the shit that's happened in that school that made like you know like like like like like like like like like like like well so okay I mean well like you know me who I am today. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's like it's like it's like now Mary's. Mary's was a school. Unfortunately got shut shut shut shut shut shut shut shut shut shut shut okay well well um so um so so like okay down due to financial reasons, which we are not going to talk about like now we are going in to all the.