At some point in time a bad spell of wet weather came over a a a a a a a a a a a well like you know okay um so like I mean I mean uh Southern state state state state state state state state state state state flooding most of the many counties since the water was about six feet deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep I mean okay um so you know I mean you know so okay okay outside and and and and and and and and and and and inside their house one family spent its time sitting on the porch like like like like like like like like like like like okay I mean uh uh so so so you know like roof watching the wreckage wreckage wreckage wreckage wreckage wreckage wreckage wreckage wreckage wreckage wreckage Float by the young son happened to notice a nice uh like uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean uh uh like well Straw Hat as it went downstream. Downstream downstream downstream downstream downstream downstream downstream downstream downstream downstream. My he thought I'll bet that person who um uh okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like you know so you know lost that hat is very sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry now after the Hat had floated out um uh uh uh so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um okay okay so of sight. Around the corner of the house the boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy kept on watching the so um um so so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean um um river suddenly much to his surprise. Here comes comes comes comes comes comes comes comes comes comes comes the Hat floating Upstream against the current. Like so um uh so like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean. This was obviously very strange. So the lad kept his his his his his his his his his his his eye on it. You know I mean so like so okay uh you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean well. It floated Upstream around the corner of the house and and and and and and and and and and and came floating back down again like okay so okay so you know well so so so so so so so so so so so so okay after a while. It came back Upstream yet again rounding the the the the the the the the the the the corner of the house. Finally the boy couldn't stand it any longer and pointed out the Hat.