Today's Tagalog word of the day is K begun being a British Filipino Filipino Filipino Filipino Filipino Filipino Filipino Filipino Filipino Filipino Filipino can so so um well well you know uh um you know okay be be be be be be be be be be be a long thing, you know, so let's get into this week's Chase Smith. Hey guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, so uh okay so I mean okay okay like um um um um um um um um um um um um it's your girl JT and your girl Giselle and your girl Gigi and hello. You You You You You You You You You You You know I mean well well I mean well uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so. We're joined by special special guest and he goes by the name name name name name name name name name name name of re free. Rio um so well like well you know okay well well well well well well well well well well well um well well Cambria found a how was your day? How was how was how how how how how how how how how how how was how was how was how was how was how was how was how how how how how how how how how how how was how was your day tiring long as it uh like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well okay I mean you know so you know you know was productive. That's all that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's all that's all that's all that's all that's all that's all that's all that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's all that's all that's all that matters. Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, on, on, on, on, on, on, on, on, on, on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, the love love love love love love love love love love love that now Monday. Let's go like uh like okay so uh okay so um um um um um um um um um um um so energy energy gun. So guys as you know, our Tagalog word of the day is Kai begun and what the sky Regan mean is it co begun.