What's up, welcome to the trekking podcast. I'm Patrick sweet. I'm Michael shermer. Shermer shermer shermer shermer shermer shermer shermer shermer shermer shermer. Well okay well like um like I mean so well so. I'm Parker Parker Parker Parker Parker Parker Parker Parker Parker Parker Parker link and this episode we talk about Lego Masters new movies and you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like I mean like uh um so you know brainstorming title ideas for for for for for for for for for for for the podcast which we eventually figured out. So sit back relax um like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay well uh um well like and enjoy too. As we all take a little little little little little little little little little little little sip. Yeah. We hope that you okay I mean um uh um so so so so so so so so so so so so um okay uh have some kind of beverage with you. You can sip along with with with with with with with with with with with yes up along with you know so I mean okay well I mean well like um um um um um um um um um um um um us with we got the doc you Pepe's answer. That's what we're rocking I I I I I I I I I I I mean so uh uh well you know like you know like well as the beverage beverage beverage beverage beverage beverage beverage beverage beverage beverage beverage of the night. It's our day off tonight. We usually watch a well well so so so so so so so so so so so well so well well so like okay Lego Masters on this night, but but but but but but but but but but but mmm that's some corals with Langley Master Lego okay um well uh you know like like like like like like like like like like like uh I mean okay so Masters. So background on Lego Masters, it was we we we we we we we we we we we watching the Super bowl. Like so so you know okay well like uh okay well. Well well well well well well well well well well. It was it was it was it was it was it was it was it it it it it it it it it it it was it was it was it was the Chief versus the And this one might might might might might might might might might might might have heard of it. I don't know if you guys saw the game Chiefs won. She's won. Yeah, she's spoiler.