Welcome to the days conversation today. We're going to be talking about taking so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um I mean like uh I mean uh control. Per se taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking control of our emotions, but the big question is how do we take control control control control control control control control control control control okay uh uh uh well well so uh well so of our emotions? Here's Here's Here's Here's Here's Here's Here's Here's Here's Here's Here's the thing. There are multiple ways that can kick you so um well well well well well well well well well well well okay okay um so um okay uh down. Right but we're going to talk about about about about about about about about about about about two of those important points I mean well uh so you know well well well well well well well well well well well well uh well um right now. And that's your physiology and your mindset physiology being being being being being being being being being being being the science of life. It so uh so you know I mean well like like like like like like like like like like like you know um okay is the branch of the biology that deals with the normal functions of of of of of of of of of of of uh you know like okay okay I mean you know well okay well a a a a a a a a a a a living organism and its parts. But in this sense, what we're uh okay you know know know know know know know know know know know okay um uh well well well well going to be talking about is how refers to to to to to to to to to to to your emotions and how it is you know so I mean like like uh um um um um um um um um um um um you know well I mean an extension of You feel emotions are described many ways. Ways ways ways ways ways ways ways ways ways ways. You know me. We have we have we have we have we have we we we we we we we we we we we have we have we have we have we have we have like so you you you you you you you you you you you know okay um uh well I mean so you know happiness sadness anger anger anger anger anger anger anger anger anger anger anger and fear which and there are others of course, but those those those those those those those those those those those are like you know um I mean um so so well um like like like like like like like like like like like kind of the main ones. We think these emotions are born in our mind mind mind mind mind mind mind mind mind mind mind sometime but most of the time and a lot of times it's not it's just.