Welcome everyone to the episode 20. What did I say to ya penitential good like like like like like like like like like like like so like okay okay okay well uh um so stuff Episode 22 of Darren Darren Darren Darren Darren Darren Darren Darren Darren Darren Darren my fees and sometimes friends the podcast for a talk well you know know know know know know know know know know know like like like I mean okay uh okay I mean to people much more interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting than myself. I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined today by a journalist extraordinaire extraordinaire extraordinaire extraordinaire extraordinaire extraordinaire extraordinaire extraordinaire extraordinaire extraordinaire extraordinaire and uh so so I mean um okay okay you know you know um also freelance. Freelance freelance freelance freelance freelance freelance freelance freelance freelance freelance. Yes. I'll listen. So how so how so how so how so how so how how how how how how how how how how how so how so how so how so how so how this one she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's got a mortgage. I'm like like okay okay I mean okay well um well well well well well well well well well well well you know on the first amount of often the focus. Thank you very much much much much much much much much much much much for having me okay uh you know uh you know um okay okay so um um um um um um um um um um um alone. We were just discussing how this is a test of your own medicine because because because because because because because because because because because you run around I mean uh uh okay uh like so um so like the world world world world world world world world world world world throwing my Mike's in front of people and go on. Give us um well you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean uh um okay I mean you know I mean a call directly. Yeah. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. No, it's weird for me to be somebody that answers so okay okay uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean well I mean like uh you know questions. But here but here but here but but but but but but but but but but but here but here but here but here but here but here but here but here here here here here here here here here here here we are. So I'll give it give it my best real lovely. Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like I mean like like you know okay okay well well okay. I also feel bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad as well because obviously this morning you were on I mean uh you know so so so so so so so so so so so okay I mean um um well okay the road. It was it was it was it it it it it it it it it it it was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was was was was was was was was was was was on a phone in or do you have to go um uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh well like like well to Studio ever say it was a phone in in in in in in in in in in in from the house. So I so I so I so I so I so I I I I I I I I I I I so I so I so I so I so I so you know um um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh so I mean I mean was reading up everybody who's with her International International International International International International International International International International International Women's Day events, and I was on so so um so like well okay okay um um um um um um um um um um um well really well stir with Nelson McCausland talking about whether or not Queen's University was a cold house for unionists and.