Up. Nice. Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, I'm Isabella and and and and and and and and and and and I'm bird and we're here wanting to introduce I mean you know so so so so so so so so so so so um so like uh well you know uh to you the love below. This is our our our our our our our our our our our new podcast. It's an idea that I mean well I mean well you you you you you you you you you you you know like um um you know uh we had talked about in in in in in in in in in in in the past and we're just wanting to make it a reality I mean well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um you know so uh um now. Yeah, now we're bringing his baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby to the world. So here we are like well okay uh okay so so so so so so so so so so so okay so you know so welcome to your first episode of the love the the the the the the the the the the the law. So we kind of just you know you know like like you know you you you you you you you you you you you know well I mean well you know want to talk give you an Insight Insight Insight Insight Insight Insight Insight Insight Insight Insight Insight of you know, what made us start okay I mean like uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know I mean like um I mean this podcast and how we know each each each each each each each each each each each other and who we are individually and I mean well well um um I I I I I I I I I I I mean um so um you know kind of what we want this podcast to be be be be be be be be be be be about and so yeah, like I mean I mean um okay um so you know know know know know know know know know know know okay like it's an introduction to us. Yeah. We hope you guys liked getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting to know um you know uh I mean okay I mean you know well well well well well well well well well well well like I mean us. I'm so without further Ado. Here we go. So, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, so, um, so, um, so, um, so, um, so, um, so, um, so, um, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, um, so, um, so, um, do you want to start by introducing yourself? Okay. Are you.