Being an expert sucks as a teacher of spiritual intelligence and emotional health. Health health health health health health health health health health. I uh you know uh like well so I mean well like so get cornered cornered cornered cornered cornered cornered cornered cornered cornered cornered cornered into being the guy who has all the answers. I'd like to take I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um okay I mean I mean you know like um so okay this opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity to make a confession. I don't what I do have our uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so um um okay um well so you know you know convictions. I have theories. Theories theories theories theories theories theories theories theories theories theories. I have questions. I find I find I find I find I find I find find find find find find find find find find find I find I find I find I find I find myself looking around around around around around around around around around around around and I'm like, okay I mean I mean well uh uh you know well so so so so so so so so so so so like we can't stay here. Stop setting up your tent. We can't stay here through through through through through through through through through through through so uh so like like um like okay um uh my journey. It's become evident that that that that that that that that that that that A participant is no longer enough. It's time it's time it's time it's time time time time time time time time time time time it's time it's time it's time it's time it's time it's time it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's time to so uh like you know well I mean well like uh um um um um um um um um um um um become reformers. These are my confessions. To get deeper in this conversation visit Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike so uh I mean okay okay so um uh um you know Myers show.com Hello and and and and and and and and and and and welcome to today's episode. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your your your your your your your your your your your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host Mike. My shero. Shero Shero Shero Shero Shero Shero Shero Shero Shero Shero. We're like we're like we're like we're like we're like we're like like like like like like like like like like like we're like we're like we're like we're like we're like uh um um so so so so so so so so so so so okay well you know like you know going to talk about Prosperity today you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys before we get into it though. I want to just mention that the weather and reading is nice and sunny.