Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and and and and and and and and and and and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to chakra balancing for weight loss a a a a a a a a a a a podcast where we explore how you know um okay well well um so so so so so so so so so so so um so um the chakra system can help you change your mind to change change change change change change change change change change change your body to change your uh you know uh you know okay um um um um um um um um um um um um so like like life. Hi everybody. How's it going? I am doing great. Great great great great great great great great great great. It's kind of weird. I you know I mean well I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay okay you know normally record on Fridays but this week I'm recording on a a a a a a a a a a a Wednesday because I've like uh um um you know I mean uh uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean been traveling a little bit and now I'm confused as to what what what what what what what what what what what day it is so well um um you know so so like uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean because I'm doing all my normal Friday things on Wednesday. Does that that that that that that that that that that that ever like I mean so like well you know so well so um um um um um um um um um um um happen to you? I think it's so funny. You know like you think like so so so so so so so so so so so so okay I mean well um okay well I mean I mean all day. Day day day day day day day day day day. It's Tuesday and then you discover that it's actually Thursday. Anyway, that's just uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean well okay I mean like okay uh so what's happening in in in in in in in in in in in my world today. We're carrying on. With our with our with our with our our our our our our our our our our our with our with our with our with our with our with our with our our our our our our our our our our our deep dive series solar plexus time solar plexus chakra Deep dive. We are going to talk.