Hey the meaning of fans on dressed in rb3 here to talk to um um um um um um um um um um um uh you know uh well like okay so I mean so you about the the the the the the the the the the the anchor app. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way well uh so so so so so so so so so so so um well I mean uh okay uh well to make a podcast. Let me tell you you you you you you you you you you you why first of all, it's because it's so okay I mean like okay um um um um um um um um um um um um I mean like I mean free. Also, there's a lot of creation tools that allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow you to record and edit well like okay so I mean um like like like like like like like like like like like well um um your podcast right from your phone or your computer and anchor will will will will will will will will will will will distribute your podcast for okay well I mean you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um like uh you. So it so it so it so it so it it it it it it it it it it it so it so it so it so it so it so it could be heard of of of of of of of of of of of Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher or any pod well well so um so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh you know catcher out there. Another thing is you can make money from from from from from from from from from from from your podcast and there's no I mean uh so okay um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh uh uh minimum. Ownership required is everything you need to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast all in so like uh like I mean well okay so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh one place? So check out anchor download the anchor app or check out anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor dot so so well um well well you know uh uh okay f f f f f f f f f f f m-- they have all the information there for you right there. So um so um so so so so so so so so so so so um so um so um so um so um so um so um so um so um um um um um um um um um um um well so uh okay like uh okay um um do it, you know, when when when when when when when when when when when you do the little like clip or whatever just well well like uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like I mean I mean okay do talk about that for like that like mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid break part where you put like well okay like you know so um um um um um um um um um um um you know I mean you know you know an ad. Okay. Yeah. Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well I can add and then you do the thing um okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um so uh you know okay and then we get back into the the the the the the the the the the the show. Oh, yeah, whatever. You've been doing that lately. Yeah, he'll do like a little clip of.