Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to another episode of come come come come come come come come come come come on ref. I'm your host Luke you know uh uh um uh like you know know know know know know know know know know know like okay well Aven. I hope everyone had a great week. First off. I I I I I I I I I I I just want um okay okay you know um I mean well you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh to say thank you to everyone who has been supporting the podcast everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone its engaging um so okay well okay like um uh you know you know know know know know know know know know know know on Instagram following and just giving a real sense of community around this podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. So thank okay I mean you know um well so okay I mean you know you know know know know know know know know know know know you to everyone today. We're going to be talking about last weekend's Premier League I I I I I I I I I I I mean um uh so so well well like uh so action and the the the the the the the the the the the repercussions of everything that happened So straight off the bat the biggest okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean okay like well uh I mean well story of the the the the the the the the the the the weekend was obviously Liverpool losing to Watford 3-nil. It was it was it was it it it it it it it it it it it was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was was was was was was was was was was was quite uh um um so well you know uh I mean okay well a disappointing loss loss loss loss loss loss loss loss loss loss loss to be honest. The first loss that you go off is 3-nil against I I I I I I I I I I I mean so like you know okay I mean like you know um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean walk further team is sitting in 17th. Literally one exactly one point off you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean so like okay well I mean uh like um of the relegation relegation relegation relegation relegation relegation relegation relegation relegation relegation relegation zone. So I so I so I so I so I so I I I I I I I I I I I so I so I so I so I so I think for Jurgen klopp, I think it was very frustrating that Sarah run of.