I've never I've never I've never I've never I've never I've never I've never I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've never I've never I've never I've never even been to Oklahoma. I'm pretty sure it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's where the wind you know like um okay well you know um like um um um um um um um um um um um okay goes whipping down the plains and up until recently that's about what what what what what what what what what what what I knew of well like you know I mean you know well I I I I I I I I I I I mean so okay like it. But now I know it's also the ancestral home of of of of of of of of of of of two warring American um well like uh okay like okay I mean like I mean factions factions factions factions factions factions factions factions factions factions factions those no-good greasers and those rotten sotius. Greetings and welcome to fuckboys fuckboys fuckboys fuckboys fuckboys fuckboys fuckboys fuckboys fuckboys fuckboys fuckboys of literature. I'm I mean you know well so I mean well like okay well like your your your your your your your your your your your host Emily Edwards. What is it about this book? That just that just that just just just just just just just just just just just that just that just that just that just that just that just that just that that that that that that that that that that that just gets uh okay so okay um well like like uh you know it it it it it it it it it it it I mention it on Twitter and it gets love letters. So with me me me me me me me me me me me today you know okay uh um okay well uh um I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know is writer journalist Leslie gray Streeter. How are you today? I am I am I I I I I I I I I I I am I am I am I am I am I am I am I am I I I I I I I I I I I am really um I mean so um I mean well um you know uh um um um um um um um um um um um good. I'm really good. Thank you. I am so excited to have you on on on on on on on on on on on like you know um uh uh well you know like like um because you suggested a book that I was embarrassed to say that I had. Never.