Hello there before we get started on today's episode. I'd like to ask a a a a a a a a a a a short well okay um um well well you know you know well okay favor. Favor favor favor favor favor favor favor favor favor favor. If you're interested in either of the two books that I have written and um well well well well well well well well well well well um um well so uh like you know you know I'm about to release release release release release release release release release release release head on over to my website at the anxious truth.com books there. You You You You You You You You You You You so okay like you know um uh uh uh well um can learn about about about about about about about about about about about both books one of which is free and you can get on my I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay I mean you know um well well well well so mailing mailing mailing mailing mailing mailing mailing mailing mailing mailing mailing list to be notified when each book is released and how you can get uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay I mean like so so you know okay uh it. I would would would would would would would would would would would really appreciate that. Okay, let's get rolling. What is up, dudes like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know like uh so okay so well and dudettes Drew here from from from from from from from from from from from the anxious truth? Welcome to episode. What is this you know I mean um you know know know know know know know know know know know like uh well um uh um episode 98 of the podcast if to left to get get get get get get get get get get get to a hundred. I'm I I'm I I'm I I'm I I'm I I'm I I I I I I I I I I I I'm I I'm I I'm I I'm I I'm I mean so like like like like like like like like like like like I mean okay you know uh so okay okay trying to arrange a a a a a a a a a a a special guest to be on the hundredth episode. I don't know so so so um so so so so so so so so so so so so you know uh uh so if it's going to work out but I'm trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying but that's good. It's going to be you know like I mean well you know like like like like like like like like like like like so I mean so like in a couple of weeks. So I'm going to rant rant rant rant rant rant rant rant rant rant rant a little Bit and this you know you know um well so you know well you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean uh one which is fine. I guess I guess I guess I guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess I guess I guess I guess I guess I guess I guess I guess you guys are kind of used to me doing that. Anyway,.