three two one The button get everybody welcome back to paddle cast very very excited. Excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited. It's uh it's uh it's uh it's uh it's uh it's uh it's uh it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's uh it's uh it's uh it's uh I mean you know well like um um um um um um um um um um um like um like um 12 Towers weekend. And we've and we've and we've and we've and and and and and and and and and and and we've and we've and we've and we've and we've and we've and we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've got one of the finest ocean paddlers in the world so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um so so well um well okay uh here in the suppressor Studio we we we we we we we we we we we welcome today the reigning Molokai to Oahu grand champion um like so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like uh so I mean okay and probably one of the best foilers in in in in in in in in in in in the world. He does a bit so so well like um um um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh of everything. But the reason we wanted to chat with him today is is is is is is is is is is is not just okay so you know um like well well you know so I I I I I I I I I I I mean because he's a champion off the water, but he's done some amazing things off uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh um okay um I mean like okay uh the water over the the the the the the the the the the the past couple of years James Casey. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to to Studio, mate. Yeah, I mean you know so uh um like um uh so so so so so so so so so so so like good. Thanks for having me. So I'm going to get here. So So So So So So So So So So So you'd like uh uh I mean um so you know uh so okay In the the the the the the the the the the the Flesh. Yes. Yeah ready for the bit of wind coming on the weekend 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 so I mean well you know uh okay um um uh I mean towers are are are are are are are are are are are good. Yeah, I'm really excited. It was looking not so good okay well like like like like like like like like like like like okay so um I mean so well I mean about seven days ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago and the forecast is swung around and they grinding going so so um um um um um um um um um um um um well like so okay well um to be fun. I think I hope so. So so so so so so so so so so. Well, the well, the well, the well, the well, the well, the well, the the the the the the the the the the the well, the well, the well, the well, the pressure was kind of on you if we got the forecast wrong because you.