Have you been looking for a way to start a podcast? If so, look look look look look look look look look look look no you know so like I mean uh I mean you know I mean like like like like like like like like like like like well further. If you haven't heard of anchor it's the easiest way to to to to to to to to to to to make a so uh uh um so you know I mean uh like well podcast. Literally Literally Literally Literally Literally Literally Literally Literally Literally Literally Literally it's free. There's no there's no there's no there's no there's no there's no no no no no no no no no no no there's no there's no there's no there's no there's no monthly minimum. You don't have have have have have have have have have have have to okay I mean uh um I mean you know I mean so like like like like like like like like like like like okay pay to host your content. There's creation tools that allows you to record record record record record record record record record record record and um well I mean I mean so uh I mean so like you you you you you you you you you you you know edit your podcast right from your phone or computer an anchor will distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. Uh I mean uh like I mean I mean like uh okay you you you you you you you you you you you know. So you don't have to mindlessly or in the Sleep host your RSS RSS RSS RSS RSS RSS RSS RSS RSS RSS RSS feed to Spotify you know so like well um I mean so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean and apple and everywhere else. They'll do it for you and you you you you you you you you you you you can make money. Well uh well uh you know uh um you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean well. I'm your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything it's everything that you want in a um um so okay um okay um like so so so so so so so so so so so uh podcast in one place. You have something to say you want to get get get get get get get get get get get it uh you know uh uh like you know well um I mean well well well well well well well well well well well out. You want to write a note just upload and turn on your anchor I I I I I I I I I I I mean well so you know like uh uh I mean I mean so so so so so so so so so so so app on your phone and hit record and save notes to your library to to to to to to to to to to to I mean okay you know okay like I mean so I mean like you know know know know know know know know know know know upload to future episodes download the free anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.