The night may be long and the dark maybe deep but the answers are are are are are are are are are are are I mean you know you know you know like I mean like um so uh there there there there there there there there there there there to be found whether it's the normal the abnormal or the Paranormal you're so well well well well well well well well well well well okay um okay so I mean I mean like I mean in the right place. Place place place place place place place place place place. Let's go beyond reality. We got a great show tonight. I'm really so so so so so so so so so so so so uh okay so I mean you know um I mean I mean excited to to to to to to to to to to to have Kelly coffee with a she's returning guest also a renowned so well well well well well well well well well well well well okay I mean so like I mean you know um psychic. She believes believes believes believes believes believes believes believes believes believes believes everyone is able to achieve this level of awareness if they're like uh um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh well you know you know willing to unblock themselves, and she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's following her life's mission in helping Humanity. Let well let well let well let let let let let let let let let let let well let well let well let well let well let well let well let well well like like like like like like like like like like like you know uh um you know I mean uh I mean go of whatever stands stands stands stands stands stands stands stands stands stands stands in their way of achieving this Kelly. Welcome back to be okay okay so well well well well well well well well well well well well so you know you know um so on reality great to have you here here here here here here here here here here here tonight. Thank you for having me so like so you know okay so well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so back hug daughter of mine. You sound like you might be getting over something something something something something something something something something something something you doing? um okay I mean you know uh uh like um uh um um um um um um um um um um um Okay. Yeah. I live I live I live I live I live I live live live live live live live live live live live I live I live I live I live I live in Breckenridge, Colorado and and and and and and and and and and and I live on top of a um so uh like okay uh like um um um um um um um um um um um uh like mountain at about 11:00. Deed and it's typically like three below zero nine below zero, you know consistently.