Usually I usually I usually I usually I usually I usually I usually I I I I I I I I I I I usually I usually I usually I usually I wait to reflect on my guest and and and and and and and and and and and work on the introduction you know well like you know uh I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay for Saturday mornings. There's no sleeping in my house because we have have have have have have have have have have have a puppy and you know like I mean um well I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like like he likes to get up really early. But today's but but but but but but but but but but but today's but today's but today's but today's but today's but today's but today's but but but but but but but but but but but today's but today's but today's a little bit different. I so okay um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um um I mean so keep thinking about our guest. Mrs. Whitman's story. I know know know know know know know know know know know her story is going to resonate like well like you know okay you you you you you you you you you you you know uh uh so well with so many of you out there. I want want want want want want want want want want want you to listen. This one all the like okay well well so um I I I I I I I I I I I mean well I mean uh way through. If you don't know. Mrs. Whitman, you're going going going going going going going going going going going to know her okay like uh like I mean uh well like well like like like like like like like like like like like pretty well at the end of this half hour episode this half hour goes okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so um uh I mean uh um um by fast. Now. I I I I I I I I I I I know this sounds like a Shameless plug but it isn't please um um uh um um um um um um um um um um um like like uh uh uh um share the episode people need to hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear her story. They need they need they need they need they need they need they they they they they they they they they they they need they need they need they need they need to hear about her uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well like okay okay so well uh resiliency. They need to to to to to to to to to to to hear about how she weather's so many different storms that you know you know you you you you you you you you you you you know well you know I mean I mean I mean well uh have taken place in in in in in in in in in in in her life. Thanks for listening. Please let me know what you okay okay so you you you you you you you you you you you know uh so you know like uh so think write a review. Hit me up on Twitter Facebook or Instagram or send me an email.