Hello and welcome to the optional podcast episode number 197 for the week of of of of of of of of of of of March I mean I mean like you know well I mean so um like you you you you you you you you you you you know 2nd 2020. The optional the optional the optional the optional the optional the the the the the the the the the the the optional the optional the optional the optional the optional the optional podcast is a a a a a a a a a a a show all about the latest in video okay um I mean like you know so well well well well well well well well well well well you know uh I mean games and entertainment recorded each. Week from New York City City City City City City City City City City City and bounce around cables and satellites okay uh okay like I mean so like like like like like like like like like like like okay you know I mean all around the world and right into a listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening device of choice. As always. I'm uh uh like um you know like um um um um um um um um um um um um so so Paula to my oh and this week we got to change change change change change change change change change change change the copy but well uh uh like like so so okay um I mean what what what what what what what what what what what my one and only co-host is back. Yeah brizard like Chase Carter in you you you you you you you you you you you know so uh um okay um so well like like the house. Yeah, you you you you you you you you you you you know, they could Chase for being here - out to chase you so I I I I I I I I I I I mean um um okay so I mean I mean you know uh guys that that that that that that that that that that that was a really good episode. Yeah, man. Thanks to chase again for well um well well well well well well well well well well well you know I mean like you know uh uh um yeah step in there. There there there there there there there there there there. It was it was dope to hear the show and just like listen, enjoy. Nice. Yeah. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. He didn't he didn't he didn't he didn't he didn't he didn't he didn't he didn't he didn't he didn't he didn't fuck up too bad now.