Are you going to love this one? I put I put I put I put put put put put put put put put put put I put I put I put I put I put I put I put put put put put put put put put put put out so much content okay I mean like like uh I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean that if you listen to my stuff for free every single day day day day day day day day day day day if you I mean well okay so like um um okay so so listen to one one one one one one one one one one one of my pieces of content, there's over 10 years worth well so okay well well well well well well well well well well well well okay um so so like of content. There's over tick like you can listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen to me once a day okay uh well uh okay um okay okay well well well well well well well well well well well I mean for 10 straight years and not have to pay nothing. But guess what what what what what what what what what what what happened well like so okay I mean okay okay you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean in those 10 years Cam Newton start listening to me and middle school and uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um you know so so well you know um um high school. Then Then Then Then Then Then Then Then Then Then Then he went to Auburn and told the coach to come get me. Uh you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean um uh okay I mean so I mean I mean. Then he he he he he he he he he he he went to the pros and told the coach. I got I got I got I I I I I I I I I I I got I got I got I got I got I got I got I got got got got got got got got got got got to speak after all well so okay like well uh I mean so okay well well well well well well well well well well well these kids in the hood who didn't have fathers. I became their father on instagram. Instagram instagram instagram instagram instagram instagram instagram instagram instagram instagram. Um you um you um you um you um you um you um you um um um um um um um um um um um you um you um you um you know so well um um so um like like like like like like like like like like like you know. So when so when so when so when so when so when so so so so so so so so so so so when so when so when so when so when they went to the NBA they they they they they they they they they they they Daddy with him when I went to you know I mean um uh you you you you you you you you you you you know well well you know um okay the NFL. They took their daddy with with with with with with with with with with with them when they became preachers and start you know you know um um um um um um um um um um um well I mean I mean like so okay okay a church when they became became became became became became became became became became became CEOs or execs at companies when they look for a trainer it wasn't that I was.