Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made made made made made made made made made made made with okay well okay okay like like you know you know uh okay only the the the the the the the the the the the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect that's perfect that's perfect that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's perfect that's perfect that's perfect that's perfect that's perfect that's perfect that's perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect that's perfect for spreading on okay well so like well I mean well um um um um um um um um um um um um so your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the the the the the the the the the the the um um um like I mean okay so uh uh you know only subject for for for for for for for for for for for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been you know okay like like like like like like like like like like like uh like you know uh well I mean well doing this since 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Perfection perfection perfection perfection perfection perfection perfection perfection perfection perfection. Hello, welcome to the hottest take my name is I mean um like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean um you know you know okay Chris Ryan. I am I I I I I I I I I I I am I am I am I am I am I am I am I am am am am am am am am am am am I am I am joined by Roger Sherman Craig gains and Tyler Parker and you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean you know okay okay well I mean I mean um like Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler you have the floor. Southwest Airlines is the best Airlines. Yeah, what's up? Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay like uh uh I mean uh so well uh well like Southwest Southwest Southwest Southwest Southwest Southwest Southwest Southwest Southwest Southwest Southwest this episode of the hottest take sponsored by Southwest Airlines best airlines. So okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay so okay so okay so okay so okay so okay so okay so so so so so so so so so so so okay so okay so okay you know okay uh well well uh well like. Yeah. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. It is the airline of the people. Uh-huh. I'm not a doctor well well well um um um um um um um um um um um um okay so um like uh or a lawyer, you know. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I I I I I I I I I I I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I hear ya Senators son. Yeah, right. I'm just a guy that.