Hey fellow traveler. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to Third Eye Eye Eye Eye Eye Eye Eye Eye Eye Eye Eye Awakening. This is a podcast all like um like you know well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um okay I mean like about spiritual and psychic Awakening where we talk about things things things things things things things things things things things like the you know so well I mean well you know uh okay well um um um um um um um um um um um shift from 3D divide D Consciousness the nature of time space the universe the the the the the the the the the the the Multiverse um okay so I mean um you know so okay well you know know know know know know know know know know know multidimensionality starseeds the akashic records all. All the things I'm so glad that you're um um um um um um um um um um um you know uh you know like you know well uh um okay here with with with with with with with with with with with me today. I appreciate you so very much. All right, all right, all all all all all all all all all all all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, let's get um you know um well so well okay so um like into into into into into into into into into into into it. Hey beautiful being welcome back to another episode of third eye awakening. Uh well well well well well well well well well well well I mean uh I mean um you know so like I mean. Thank you so so so so so so so so so so so much for being here with me today. I'm really excited to you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh so you know um you know uh so have you before we we we we we we we we we we we get started. If you if you if you if you if you if you you you you you you you you you you you if you if you if you if you if you want to create me. Me me me me me me me me me me. Go ahead go ahead go ahead go ahead go ahead go ahead go ahead go ahead go ahead go ahead go ahead and look me up on Instagram. I'm at.