Hello. Hello and welcome to the siebert's podcast. Today's podcast is number 42. Now, if if if if if if if if if if if you've well okay okay well so like so so okay well been following us us us us us us us us us us us over the past couple of episodes you would have noticed that we um you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean um like well you know you know uh okay started a new new new new new new new new new new new series but the Foreigner lifestyle now, we've already had dr. Okay um I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know well uh um you know um um. Chuck Matias. He talked to us about praying daily. Daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily. Then we had Matt so uh like uh uh like like uh like uh Candler join join join join join join join join join join join us talking about fasting weekly and on this episode. We kind of continue um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh um well okay okay okay like that conversation. We have the the the the the the the the the the the lovely Dana Candler the mrs. Camera. Joining us and I mean I mean like uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean well so like I mean you know she talks about the gift of of of of of of of of of of of hunger. Now the Lord gives this to us as uh okay uh so so so so so so so so so so so so um um you know okay okay a gift as we engage with the spiritual truth of of of of of of of of of of of fasting. So thank you Dana okay well um like well you know you know know know know know know know know know know know okay um I mean for joining us right here with you guys. So your so so so so so so so so so so so your so your so your so your so your so your so your so so so so so so so so so so so your so your so your mom you're a loving wife uh like um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean you know okay like well and you've been here. I hope for a a a a a a a a a a a long time. So you've so you've so you've so you've so you've so you've you've you've you've you've you've you've you've you've you've you've so you've so you've so you've so you've so you've obviously spent hours hours hours hours hours hours hours hours hours hours hours and um uh like okay so you know um well like uh hours and and and and and and and and and and and hours cultivating the gift of hunger. So you're so you're so you're so you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're so you're so you're so you're so you're so you're so you're so you're going to to to to to to to to to to to kind of um okay well you know you know uh uh so so okay just just just just just just just just just just just unpack that right about that was just gonna fill our heads with all the revelation we.