Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back back back back back back back back back back back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to the Vagabond views. We have a a a a a a a a a a a thin crowd tonight. It is right so um I mean you know you know so so so so so so so so so so so um so um um now. It is me Jared and Gabe the original crew. Crew crew crew crew crew crew crew crew crew crew. We have local bartender Courtney um well um like like you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay like um Nance coming through later today. But until she gets gets gets gets gets gets gets gets gets gets gets here it is just yo boys. Okay so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like I mean. Did you feel I'd say a pretty we're back to the the the the the the the the the the the back to the roots. We're well well you know you know so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh so so like going back to her Roots. I'd say I'd say The Boys Are Are Are Are Are Are Are Are Are Are Are Back In okay like I mean so you know okay like you know know know know know know know know know know know okay you know Town. That's another good way to say. Yeah, I'd say that that that that that that that that that that that the dogs are who I mean well um you know uh you know well well well well well well well well well well well okay so um let the Dogs Out Request would you say that I wouldn't have have have have have have have have have have have chosen to say it you know you know uh well I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean um so you know so myself but but you're okay with with with with with with with with with with with you need okay? Yeah, as long as okay well I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um uh so uh you know you're with me saying that I'm gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna hate it always support your right to see random um uh you know you you you you you you you you you you you know well you know you know uh uh well things. I support support support support support support support support support support support my right to party and you always you got to fight for that I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know um well so you know um uh well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh right? Sure. It's what I've always heard always said it to live lives. I'm concerned this town one word that's built on rock and roll.