All right. So let's so let's so let's so let's so let's so let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's so let's so let's so let's so let's so let's I just want to to to to to to to to to to to say thank you. If you're tuning in you know okay okay um you know you you you you you you you you you you you know you know well so I mean and you're hearing this, thank you. That means you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're supporting that means I'm getting I mean well I mean so I mean okay so so so so so so so so so so so so I mean so out there. Today's Wednesday today's Wednesday today's Wednesday today's Wednesday today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's Wednesday today's Wednesday today's Wednesday today's Wednesday today's Wednesday today's Wednesday today's Wednesday the 4th 4th 4th 4th 4th 4th 4th 4th 4th 4th 4th tomorrow will be the fifth. So I look forward I mean um uh you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean okay uh uh so okay to my first podcast. My first guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest is going to be my home gym ball good well like I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um well um uh dude, old-school graffiti artist from the the the the the the the the the the the streets to kind of group grew up so I mean you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like I mean uh okay a lot about them, but I I I I I I I I I I I will definitely hear that story tomorrow and that's so so you know know know know know know know know know know know okay like okay I mean well I mean well episode 1 so let's get this this this this this this this this this this this together and do it. All right, if you're listening, thank you I mean so so so so so so so so so so so um so okay uh uh I mean so well for tuning in. This This This This This This This This This This This is the first show of the Hobbies G show number one um so you know know know know know know know know know know know okay like well okay well um you know episode one starring season one starring German German German German German German German German German German German ball. Sorry Javi. Gee, I'm okay um well so so like um okay you you you you you you you you you you you know so just fucking a guest. Well, that's my guest. I mean is my brother that I mean, I grew up with this. Why didn't grow up with.