Is that a break up break up? I think we have a situation right here. Here here here here here here here here here here. Welcome to I mean you know well uh you know well well uh um um um um um um um um um um um I mean The Filling Station a podcast that touches on breakup stories that that that that that that that that that that that people would like okay I mean I mean so um well I mean so like uh to to to to to to to to to to to talk about with your view to give lessons that they learned from like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so uh so okay so uh uh their experiences. We hope you find find find find find find find find find find find the stories entertaining but more importantly meaningful given the well I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like um well you know uh so lesson behind everything we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going to talk about today. Now in this episode. We okay we okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay we okay we okay we okay we okay we okay we okay we okay we we we we we we we we we we we okay we okay well well uh uh well I mean uh like um are outside outside outside outside outside outside outside outside outside outside outside the great city of London. I'm not going to say exactly where well uh so so so so so so so so so so so so uh well like so um uh but it is hella windy windy windy windy windy windy windy windy windy windy windy here. What is happening here with the weather. Lord like I mean uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well you know so like knows cheese it is, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, I mean, I know the storm hit and stuff. Uh you know you know know know know know know know know know know know so you know you know well like you know uh. People kind of Penny but this this this this this this this this this this this is next level. I am not used to well well well well well um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know well this. How'd you guys cope? There's another one coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming doesn't just get ready. Let's okay let's okay let's okay let's okay let's okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay let's okay let's okay let's okay let's okay let's okay let's okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um well okay okay well okay raise yourself. Let's not even go go go go go go go go go go go there. So this has been a meeting that's been so well so okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh I mean okay I mean so in the making for God knows how long long long long long long long long long long long don't you just you know, we keep trying to meet up for this and that just doesn't seem to.