What's up, guys? It is Cody Wynn with the faith growth podcast. I hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope y'all so so you know you know I mean you know okay you know know know know know know know know know know know well uh are growing in your faith some from this thing before I even even even even even even even even even even even introduced Matthew, um uh okay so you know you know well um um I I I I I I I I I I I mean so don't say anything yet Matthew because I haven't introduced yet. Yet yet yet yet yet yet yet yet yet yet. Yeah, smash yeah, smash yeah, smash yeah, smash yeah, smash yeah, smash yeah, smash yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, smash yeah, smash yeah, smash yeah, smash well you know like well like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know so okay the Subscribe button. If you loved us then that that that that that that that that that that that would be so sweet of I mean so uh uh uh you know uh like like like like like like like like like like like I mean you know you. If you could smash the Subscribe button, it it it it it it it it it it it means a lot to us I mean okay so okay like like I I I I I I I I I I I mean well you know like and it gets the message out to more people with the the the the the the the the the the the way the algorithm works. Um you know well I mean you know so so so so so so so so so so so so um I mean um. Anyways now, let me introduce my lovely co-host Matthew. What's What's What's What's What's What's What's What's What's What's What's up, dude? Good man, great. You know I mean so okay well um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh. Uh-huh. All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, and you'll work on this this this this this this this this this this this entry. We need to do something about uh I mean so okay you know know know know know know know know know know know so I mean okay you know you know that, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. Y'all are probably the power just like I'm a so um um uh I mean um um um um um um um um um um um like uh like okay skip to 20 seconds. Yeah, I was good. So So So So So So So So So So So yeah, today's topic. We are still okay I mean I mean okay okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like well on our demonic Church teaching series and we have covered quite quite quite quite quite quite quite quite quite quite quite a few here so like you know like okay you know uh I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean and we are going to cover today another one of legalism. We're going to discuss legalism and the.