Yes. Hi. I am calling this number because I saw it on a bathroom bathroom bathroom bathroom bathroom bathroom bathroom bathroom bathroom bathroom bathroom I mean well uh so like um like you know I mean uh wall. See See See See See See See See See See See if your Brandy greetings earthlings you're listening to Brandy is going to hell like like like like like like like like like like like like like um you know okay well like like well and today is going to be extremely exciting. Exciting exciting exciting exciting exciting exciting exciting exciting exciting exciting. I have Adam Breeze of Raven so okay so I mean okay well you know know know know know know know know know know know you know so okay I with us but before we hop into that, I I I I I I I I I I I just wanted to so um like okay well well um uh so you know go over over over over over over over over over over over I sold myself short on the last episode about my romantic capabilities. I I I I I I I I I I I think uh uh um you know well you know uh like so so I came came came came came came came came came came came up on the last. Episode saying episode saying episode saying episode saying episode saying episode saying saying saying saying saying saying saying saying saying saying saying episode saying episode saying episode saying episode saying episode saying that I don't remember remember remember remember remember remember remember remember remember remember remember what I got. You know well I mean I mean okay like so I I I I I I I I I I I mean um like. My boyfriend my boyfriend my boyfriend my boyfriend my boyfriend my my my my my my my my my my my boyfriend my boyfriend my boyfriend my boyfriend my boyfriend my boyfriend for Valentine's Day mentioning that that that that that that that that that that that I write thoughtful cards out, but I personally like you know okay uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well I mean well think I've trumped his romantic capability is is is is is is is is is is is because I got him a heart-shaped cheesecake well you know um well uh you you you you you you you you you you you know okay um uh so covered in chocolate because he loves cheesecake and I I I I I I I I I I I also got him Star Wars socks that were super cheesy with hearts all over the boxes. So dope after you listen.