Good morning. Happy humans. I'm stoked that you're joining me this morning for for for for for for for for for for for like like like like so so like like so like today's in conversation episode with creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative entrepreneur Zach white. This episode is all things travel during like okay like well um um um um um um um um um um um well um um well um chasing an action taking I'm excited to dive deep into into into into into into into into into into into Zach's unique lifestyle and to well you know like okay you know you know know know know know know know know know know know well like like you know find out what creative plans he is. Currently he currently currently currently currently currently currently currently currently currently currently currently he currently he currently he currently he currently he currently he currently he currently he he he he he he he he he he he currently he currently he currently has Brewing uh I mean okay uh well well like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay you may have previously known Zach is one of one of the the the the the the the the the the the OG Neverland boys you know you know I mean so um you know okay well well well well well well well well well well well uh you know a group of creatives who were traveling. And documenting Eternal youth youth youth youth youth youth youth youth youth youth youth that sounds amazing to like okay um so well I mean uh well um um um um um um um um um um um um me. Welcome to the podcast Zach a Georgia. Thanks for having me. So Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach I mean like uh well so okay you know I mean so you know know know know know know know know know know know and I actually met at Sanda coffee. That's probably where we meet. A lot you know know know know know know know know know know know well okay you know uh well so well like you know of people these days. Days days days days days days days days days days. Yeah, you should Park ourselves off when our laptops and well like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know uh okay well uh well um a lot of people come through and and and and and and and and and and and sort of asked what we're doing uh so so okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like you know like and get Chapman figure out. You got a few few few few few few few few few few few things in common. And here we I mean well like like okay like you know know know know know know know know know know know uh uh like are here we are. Yeah pretty much part of the furniture down there so little shout-out to.