Hey guys, it's Tina from the high of scishow. If you haven't heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard about well uh uh uh you know so like well so like anchor it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It's a so so so so so so so so so so so um um like okay I mean so um I mean like hundred percent free this this this this this this this this this this this creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right well like um um um um um um um um um um um like you know like well okay you know like from your phone, or you you you you you you you you you you you can do it from your computer. Anchor we do the I mean so well well well well well well well well well well well like okay um um okay um you know rest. It's going to distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast on most popular platforms, like apple podcast Google so uh like so so so so so so so so so so so so you know so um uh like podcast Spotify and many more on top of that. That that that that that that that that that that. You can actually earn money you know like okay okay um well well I I I I I I I I I I I mean um uh from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to to to to to to to to to to to make I mean I mean like um so you know uh okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh a podcast and one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor you know like okay like okay like okay okay you know like dot f m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- to get started. You're listening to the high up Sideshow a well you know well like you you you you you you you you you you you know like uh uh well like podcast that allows people like you and me me me me me me me me me me me to invest our money in the more entertaining okay um okay I mean like uh so I I I I I I I I I I I mean um okay way. My name is Keen arrivals. I'm a photographer by the the the the the the the the the the the day, but I okay like well well uh well uh uh um I mean make make make make make make make make make make make most of my money by flipping cards and this show I'll be sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting down with uh um um okay I mean okay well um so I I I I I I I I I I I mean you and sharing my best practices. You learn my process the lessons. I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've learned and more I mean okay so okay you know like you know like like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay importantly who you should be buying sup guys and welcome back to the show. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's your um I mean uh uh okay you know uh uh I mean well boy. Boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy. Keen arrival isn't I'm back today with another episode over the last few days. Days days days days days days days days days days. I've noticed I've noticed I've noticed I've noticed I've noticed I've noticed I've noticed I've noticed I've noticed I've noticed I've noticed that too.