Speak to me Universal or this might be the greatest song title In the the the the the the the the the the the history of song you know okay uh okay like well so okay okay so titles. Titles titles titles titles titles titles titles titles titles titles. It is it is it is it is it is it is it it it it it it it it it it it is it is it is it is it is the horse hustle hustle hustle hustle hustle hustle hustle hustle hustle hustle hustle and the hustlers whore. Ah, I mean give you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean I mean like I mean so okay me a better song song song song song song song song song song song title than that. That's poetic. It's from PJ Harvey on for so so so so so so so so so so so um I mean you know well so okay um you know um 2000 album album album album album album album album album album album stories from the city stories from the sea. It's also a number for 31. Okay you you you you you you you you you you you know um I mean like you know like I mean uh um. One out of five five five five five five five five five five five hundred on the Spotify. Orig the orig the orig the orig the orig the orig orig orig orig orig orig orig orig orig orig orig the orig the orig the orig the orig the orig the 500 with Josh Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam me uh okay um you know like you know okay um well okay Myers, Myers, Myers, Myers, Myers, Myers, Myers, Myers, Myers, Myers, Myers, but me the king cut doogal. Thank you guys for joining me on the the the the the the the the the the the okay like so um so like okay like you know okay only podcast that is is is is is is is is is is is going through Rolling Stone Magazine's list of the 500 Greatest Albums down to um you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean you know so okay well okay um uh one. There are there are are are are are are are are are are are there are there are there are there are there are there are there are are are are are are are are are are are there are there are times that I look over this list to see what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's coming so like so like um you know well uh uh you know up up up up up up up up up up up and I get excited because I'm like, oh I heard about this artist. I heard about this record and I I.