Hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, this is Marc a Altman if you enjoying listening to to to to to to to to to to to us, imagine so okay um like you know okay like um um um um um um um um um um um um um how entertaining will be when you are watching us. Now. You can watch the 4:30 4:30 4:30 4:30 4:30 4:30 4:30 4:30 4:30 4:30 4:30 movie uh like I mean well you know you know well like okay well well well well well well well well well well well with Steven watching Darren Doctrine Ashley Miller and me Mark a Altman every day on well well well well well well well well well well well uh okay so okay I mean like uh like like electric. Now. How do do do do do do do do do do do you get electric now? You download distro TV stir TV Zumo okay I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean uh well um well um you know TV and soon the electric electric electric electric electric electric electric electric electric electric electric now app and you just have to pick one. You don't um so like like like like like like like like like like like like I mean like uh okay I mean well have to have all your your your your your your your your your your your not them all of them, but it helps and you well you know uh you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean so well I mean um you know can watch us on on on on on on on on on on on the Electric now channel don't miss us as we bring you um well so so so so so so so so so so so uh I mean okay so so I mean well the 4:30 movie in your house in in in in in in in in in in in person. Hey, this is Marc a Altman so uh um like so well well you you you you you you you you you you you know so okay from Inglorious trucks birds in the 4:30 movie. And if if if if if if if if if if if you're a James Bond fan, uh like so um okay I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean um uh you want to pick up my new book Nobody Does Does Does Does Does Does Does Does Does Does Does it Better the complete uncensored so you know you know uh well like um well well well well well well well well well well well uh well oral history of James Bond and spy Mania. It's a hefty hefty hefty hefty hefty hefty hefty hefty hefty hefty hefty Tom and it's okay I mean like uh okay you know you know know know know know know know know know know know um I mean I mean available. Now wherever you purchase books audiobooks and digital check it out and I will.