Hello guys and welcome to the fifth episode of The Forgotten podcast. My name like like like like like like like like like like like you know um well um so uh okay so like is Kiran Krishnan. And And And And And And And And And And And today I'm joined with swayam and moanin and we hear so uh I mean well well well well well well well well well well well so uh you know okay um like talk about something that is kind of alien to to to to to to to to to to to me. I am not okay you know I mean you know so well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like I mean very I'm very informed on this and it is Anime so guys educate educate educate educate educate educate educate educate educate educate educate well like uh uh well so well like uh I mean me. Okay, Karen tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell me something. Have you have you have you have you have you have you you you you you you you you you you you have you have you have you have you have you watched Pokémon? Yes here here here here here here here here here here here on there. Well like like uh so you know okay I mean well so. So so so so so so so so so so. Yes, you washed Beyblade. Yes, and it was a culture. Where back where? I when when when when when when when when when when when um well like so um I mean so uh well so I when we grew grew grew grew grew grew grew grew grew grew grew up so we should just hang around and you like uh uh um you know know know know know know know know know know know like well okay um okay know oracle 3 2 1 let it rip or whatever, whatever, whatever, whatever, whatever, whatever, whatever, whatever, whatever, whatever, whatever, right? Yeah. So yeah, it well uh like like um um uh like you know um um um um um um um um um um um was a throwback and nostalgic moment. Yes, I yes, I yes, I yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, I yes, I yes, I yes, I yes, I yes, I yes, I yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, I have so everyone has actually watched anime okay I mean so like I I I I I I I I I I I mean like okay I mean I mean um when they were kids. They just don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't realize it. So it's so it's so it's so it's so it's so it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's so it's so it's so it's so it's so it's like shows Pokemon Digimon Digimon Digimon Digimon Digimon Digimon Digimon Digimon Digimon Digimon Digimon and uh well well you know okay uh okay um so you know Doraemon Doraemon Doraemon Doraemon Doraemon Doraemon Doraemon Doraemon Doraemon Doraemon Doraemon Shin-chan Ninja Hattori. They're all enemies now that I think about it. Beyblade was The Craze back when we were in.