Hey before we go to this podcast. Let me say a few things about the the the the the the the the the the the you know well so uh so okay okay um okay um mentorship group as as as as as as as as as as as Leaders. We know we know we know we know we know we know we know we we we we we we we we we we we know we know we know we know that we need the wisdom of a a a a a a a a a a a mentor to I mean you know um okay so okay uh I mean uh um um um um um um um um um um um help us focus on what matters and avoid costly mistakes yet, too often finding uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so like you know uh um okay well you know so that person. We trust trust trust trust trust trust trust trust trust trust trust we trust we trust we trust we trust we trust we trust we trust we we we we we we we we we we we trust we trust we trust and whose experienced is impossible. And then if we we we we we we we we we we we do find them okay uh um I mean uh like uh uh okay you you you you you you you you you you you know then on the other side of the world or is too expensive or or or or or or or or or or or they just don't have uh well so you know I mean so well um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know the time. I've been mentoring people now for over 30 years in a a a a a a a a a a a one-on-one um okay so um so I mean okay so like I mean basis basis basis basis basis basis basis basis basis basis basis and at the start of this year. I've been thinking a lot about how I I I I I I I I I I I I mean like so uh I mean I mean like like so you you you you you you you you you you you know can mentor more people how I can help more people. So I have created so so so so so so so so so so so like like so you know so well well like okay an online community called the the the the the the the the the the the mentorship group here. You'll be able to join me live for you know uh well well well well well well well well well well well so okay so okay uh uh uh monthly group mentorship sessions. You can ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask me questions anything you like whatever you are uh like I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um uh uh okay I mean in the world for a fraction of of of of of of of of of of of the cost that this would be in. One-to-one mentorship situation. You can be part of this new intimate conversational.