Hey guys. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make make make make make make make make make make make a podcast. Um okay uh well okay you know I mean uh you know know know know know know know know know know know um. Let me explain first it's free. Then there's creation tools that allow you to well well well well well well well well well well well like uh you know you know so um you know so so record and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor would distribute okay so okay uh um um um um um um um um um um um I mean um you know uh uh your podcast for you. So it it it it it it it it it it it can be heard on Spotify app a podcast and okay okay okay you know well well well well well well well well well well well like well like I mean like many many more you can make money from your your your your your your your your your your your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's like it's like it's like it's like it's like like like like like like like like like like like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so um okay okay like well well everything you need to make a podcast in in in in in in in in in in in one place download the free anchor uh you know well so okay you know know know know know know know know know know know well um I mean um app. Go to Anchor. FM to get started Alright, what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's up? Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to another edition like okay you you you you you you you you you you you know um okay uh you know like um okay of 40 is podcast. I'm your your your your your your your your your your your host Olympian Kip Wade Johnson. Okay, welcome to like well uh you know um like like like like like like like like like like like so so I mean you know another edition of 40th podcast on today's episode. Episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. We have Slovakia's finest Marcel. I'm Nikki The Little Engine That Could I just made that up? So.