Uncle Si back in the office and in today's video, I'm going going going going going going going going going going going to be uh um okay I mean you know uh you know like you you you you you you you you you you you know you know explaining to each and every single male out there specifically how to become become become become become become become become become become become well I mean well well you know I mean you know okay I mean well well well well well well well well well well well more masculine to determine your fate. And the reason why I feel that this this this this this this this this this this this is uh you know like well uh so like uh so well such an important important important important important important important important important important important topic is because people have no idea nowadays how to actually control okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um so so okay so like you know uh their Destiny or how to to to to to to to to to to to actually control their fate so that way they're in control I mean um so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so well well you know um you know of what they would like and as as as as as as as as as as as a man this is important to your success. Uh okay well okay well uh like like like like like like like like like like like okay I mean uh. This is ridiculously important to your happiness. And not only that if if if if if if if if if if if you want to okay okay you know I mean um uh I mean okay okay um um um um um um um um um um um become a man of value so that way other men or other other other other other other other other other other other people in um so uh okay um I mean you know okay um well well well well well well well well well well well general can lean on you. You're going to have to learn this. So here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's like um uh so I mean well you know uh uh like the deal. If If If If If If If If If If If you don't have a very high attention span, if you're well okay so so so so so so so so so so so so so you know uh you know you know I mean a person who cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot sit there and focus for two to five minutes, you're um well like you know know know know know know know know know know know you know I mean I mean well you know so not going to do do do do do do do do do do do very well. Okay, because this video might take me a little well I mean um um um um um um um um um um um so uh um uh well well well bit to explain so grab a a a a a a a a a a a pen grab a paper. If you if you if you if you if if if if if if if if if if if you if you if you if you if you if you if you can't so so so so so so so so so so so uh so like um well okay uh okay like take five to ten minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes to learn this material you're going to be seriously flawed when it comes to the real.