What's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, Mavs fans? If you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor yet, it's the easiest like uh um like you know you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so like I mean way to make a podcast. It's free. There's creation tools that that that that that that that that that that that allow you to record you know um well uh like I mean well you you you you you you you you you you you know okay so and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor will distribute your podcast well like you know like like I mean I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know okay okay for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and and and and and and and and and and and many more uh so um you know okay uh I mean I mean like so so so so so so so so so so so you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you you you you you you you you you you you uh I mean like okay uh I mean you know uh uh so need to make make make make make make make make make make make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to to to to to to to to to to to okay I mean um so like you know you know um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Hi, this is Donnie Nelson. Back podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast it's so you know well well you know well you know so uh I mean the the the the the the the the the the the Mavericks. I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I I I I I I I I I I I don't I don't I don't I don't know acting no Samuel Jackson the ball, ball, ball, ball, ball, ball, ball, ball, ball, ball, ball, you know that you know I mean okay uh okay so okay well you know know know know know know know know know know know um his magic post move deadly a get tragedy. You put the ball. Yeah, get nasty. He'll drop 30 don't gotta ask somebody.