Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly about Spotify like okay I mean like you know okay I mean okay well you you you you you you you you you you you know on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and and and and and and and and and and and podcast and one place okay you know okay um I mean um okay like like like like like like like like like like like uh I mean that's for free. You don't you don't you don't you don't you don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't even need a a a a a a a a a a a premium account and that is great okay okay you know like you know um I I I I I I I I I I I mean well I mean okay because let's face it. We are all trying to to to to to to to to to to to save a little bit these uh so like I mean um okay well well um um um um um um um um um um um so days. So with so with so with so with so with so with with with with with with with with with with with so with so with so with so with so with Spotify, you can follow your your your your your your your your your your your favorite podcast. So you never miss an okay um I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay um okay episode you can share whatever you're listening to with your friends on on on on on on on on on on on Instagram and uh uh so like well I mean I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know um you know premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever and and and and and and and and and and and whenever um you know I mean okay you know uh like you know uh so you you you you you you you you you you you are if you're like me, you probably have too many. The apps downloaded well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so um so you know well okay so already but this one is actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually useful. So if so if so if so if so if so if so if if if if if if if if if if if so if so if so if so if you haven't done so already well well well well well well well well well well well I mean uh um like okay um I mean you know uh download the the the the the the the the the the the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts in in in in in in in in in in in uh I mean I mean I mean um uh I mean like so well the the the the the the the the the the the you are Library tab. Also, make also, make also, make also, make also, make make make make make make make make make make make also, make also, make also, make also, make also, make also, make sure to follow us on on on on on on on on on on on there. So well uh well uh you know well okay um so like you never never never never never never never never never never never miss an episode of optimal living advice. That being said, let's get into today's so well well well well well well well well well well well well well okay okay so um well so episode. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode 46 of optimal living advice to podcast where we take okay you know um um so so so so so so so so so so so like I mean um um so any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.