What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 26 of the how to Hardscape Hardscape Hardscape Hardscape Hardscape Hardscape Hardscape Hardscape Hardscape Hardscape Hardscape podcast I mean you know well okay you know so um uh okay so where we we we we we we we we we we we talk to you about how you can start and grow your hardscaping business business business business business business business business business business business like uh well I mean well I mean I mean uh I mean okay in in in in in in in in in in in this week. We are going to be tackling a marketing week. That means that that that that that that that that that that that means that means that means that means that means that means that means that means means means means means means means means means means means that means that means so like well I mean like I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know um like so every day this week. You are likely going to get get get get get get get get get get get an episode based on the um like like um um uh uh so well um um um um um um um um um um um topic of marketing. So we've so we've so we've so we've so we've so so so so so so so so so so so we've so we've so we've so we've so we've so we've got a lot of of of of of of of of of of of value come and actually this week I mean I mean I mean I mean well well well well well well well well well well well you know um okay uh well is starting with today's episode is Mark Morrison. Mark is is is is is is is is is is is mark is mark is mark is mark is mark is mark is is is is is is is is is is is mark is mark is mark is mark is actually a longtime friend of mine. So So So So So So So So So So So you know I mean so I mean um like I mean okay you know. Know know know know know know know know know know. He works for Intrigue media and he's here to talk with us about acquiring like like like like like like like like like like like you know you know okay well I mean so well um you know the the the the the the the the the the the right type of Clients for your business not just any clients, but the best I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like okay you know um okay I mean like okay clients into into into into into into into into into into into your business. How do I identify them and how to get them uh like like like like like like like like like like like well like like um you know okay well uh into your business as leads and where where where where where where where where where where where to take it from there? So an awesome uh okay so okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like uh well interview coming up with Mark Morris and here. So So So So So So So So So So So without further Ado here is our interview like like so uh uh I mean well well well well well well well well well well well you know um well with Mark Morrison today. I'm joined by Mark Morrison. He is is is is is is is is is is is he is he is he is he is he is he is he is is is is is is is is is is is he is he is he is a business so you know um like you know know know know know know know know know know know uh well so so um development manager for intrigued media a digital marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing services provider for businesses in Canada Marcus actually a longtime friend of mine, and he's here to talk with us.