Hey folks coming to you live. If you don't know the drill you you you you you you you you you you you sure okay you know well I mean I mean um you know uh um um um um um um um um um um um uh as hell should by now sitting here episode 42 got another action-packed episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode I mean I mean like okay okay well um you know so you know for for for for for for for for for for for you here today. We are we are we are we are we are we we we we we we we we we we we are we are we are we are we are we are rocking and rolling. That's Grace Ibrahim Ibrahim Ibrahim Ibrahim Ibrahim Ibrahim Ibrahim Ibrahim Ibrahim Ibrahim Ibrahim behind the glass I mean uh well so well okay you know uh well like on on on on on on on on on on on the ones and twos and the man the solution to our audio that is Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler um like okay uh uh you know well I mean you know I mean on on on on on on on on on on on the dice today rocking and rolling were excited. To have you here Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday after Friday uh like uh you know so uh so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh Tuesday after Friday, you know the dance by now. All right, folks. Hang right well well well well well well well well well well well well like uh so like well like okay okay with us here time time time time time time time time time time time to pay the bills just to let you folks know that with I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um like you know I mean well well like the new new new new new new new new new new new manscape lawn mower 3.0 cuts and Nick's are officially a thing of I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean uh like well okay like um you know well the past. Past past past past past past past past past past. This is their third generation trimmer featuring Advanced Skin safe technology. So you so you you you you you you you you you you you so you so you so you so you so you so you so you so so so so so so so so so so so you so you keep like like uh well okay well well well you know know know know know know know know know know know well your bad boys nice and smooth if you support the brain only dumb show. You don't only two.