Hello and welcome to the ICC inside of podcast. This is this is this this this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is is is this is Ruth from ACC media today. Um like um so like like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay um. I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined by a a a a a a a a a a a New Zealand crew. I've got I've got I've got I've got I've got I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've got I've got I've got I've got I've got I've got Luke Pettigrew Gareth McGuire and and and and and and and and and and and athlete so so I mean you know okay okay I mean uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Gemma route joining us and we going to talk about All Things New uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well I mean you know okay um uh uh okay Zealand CrossFit and and and and and and and and and and and how they're going to be covering the ACC this year. So welcome you know so so so so so so so so so so so well I mean I mean so okay well so I mean guys Luke. I might might might might might might might might might might might start with you if that's okay. We've been we've been we've been we've been we've been been been been been been been been been been been we've been we've been we've been we've been we've been we've been chatting chatting chatting chatting chatting chatting chatting chatting chatting chatting chatting a fair so um well like well so okay uh you know okay bit over over over over over over over over over over over the last couple of months about you guys. Me across me across me across across across across across across across across across across across me across me across me across me across me across me across me across me across across across across across across across across across across across to cover this event. Uh um I mean okay well um I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean so. Tell us more about yourself. Um, yeah, so I I I I I I I I I I I was born and raised in Taipei Taiwan okay I mean like um um so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean uh lived there for 17 years. Then I moved over to New New New New New New New New New New New Zealand and continued I mean you know uh uh uh uh you know you you you you you you you you you you you know like you know to kind of Follow that path with that prostitute passion. Let me do it for around eight years now.