A friend afriend afriend afriend afriend afriend afriend afriend afriend afriend afriend you were were were were were were were were were were were listening to episode number three of dear past. Thank you. You know okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like um well um you know um okay. My guest today is a high high high high high high high high high high high school friend and former coworker. She joins me you know uh um okay well well well well well well well well well well well you know well I mean like you know to share her emotional story story story story story story story story story story story of abuse loss trauma in divorce. I am so grateful for well like um um um um um um um um um um um um um so you know like I mean uh this opportunity to spend time with with with with with with with with with with with her and talk about her story and forty three well uh um um um um um um um um um um um um okay I mean well um like I mean year Journey. I just have to say say say say say say say say say say say that throughout High School. This girl was I mean like I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well um you know okay like like always smiling. She had the best sense sense sense sense sense sense sense sense sense sense sense of humor and was just so okay like okay um um so like well well well well well well well well well well well I mean okay fun to be around even to this day. She is she she she she she she she she she she she is she is she is she is she is she is she is is is is is is is is is is is she is she is she is still full of life and you know know know know know know know know know know know okay you know I mean like I mean um okay okay like so are her her her her her her her her her her her kids. I love I love I love I love I love I love I love I love love love love love love love love love love love I love I love I love her energy her philanthropy her love for okay okay like I I I I I I I I I I I mean well like you know well well so people and her love for life. Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life. Enjoy the episode. Alright. Well, thank you so much for like so like uh so so so so so so so so so so so okay well I mean you know so joining episode 3 of dear past. Thank you. You you you you you you you you you you. I am here with my friend Allison and I'm really excited for you to hear her.