Hey, this is David. It's me, John and it's me Alec and welcome back to okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay so I mean uh okay um um um another episode of multimedia multimedia multimedia multimedia multimedia multimedia multimedia multimedia multimedia multimedia multimedia Madness. Today. We're going to get into a bunch of um so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um um well um uh uh topics including our first topic which is Spam calls calls calls calls calls calls calls calls calls calls calls and we got all sorts of well like um I mean okay um um well well well well well well well well well well well well so stuff here spam calls from different parts of the country. If you you you you you you you you you you you know like okay like like well well okay uh like okay what I'm picking picking picking picking picking picking picking picking picking picking picking up, we're discussing this because one of our good friends in our like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so you know you know so well well multimedia class as we get a a a a a a a a a a a couple of snake calls, and we've been um I mean so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so well okay okay you know reacting to them. It's pretty funny. Stuff the stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff the stuff the stuff the stuff the stuff the stuff the stuff the the the the the the the the the the the stuff the stuff the stuff the best thing about spam calls obviously is um um um um um um um um um um um okay you know you know well well you know um you know I mean just messing messing messing messing messing messing messing messing messing messing messing with the caller. Interesting stuff. Yeah, they definitely when I got my uh so so so so so so so so so so so you know so I mean um uh so so well first spam collar collar collar collar collar collar collar collar collar collar collar at least one of the earliest big walls. I remember because around like 7:00 or 8:00. And this is before my.