Hello and welcome to episode 12 of the how to become a I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so okay okay okay okay well okay well like personal trainer podcast with your host Michael piccante. Piccante piccante piccante piccante piccante piccante piccante piccante piccante piccante. My name is Jordan sigh it and I mean well uh like so so so so so so so so so so so uh well like like um in this episode we talk about the pyramid pyramid pyramid pyramid pyramid pyramid pyramid pyramid pyramid pyramid pyramid that you need to know for like well like so so like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so like muscle gain, essentially the order of importance for you and your clients to to to to to to to to to to to uh you know I mean okay so okay okay like like uh make sure that they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're building muscle as quickly and efficiently as possible. Enjoy the um um so um um um um um um um um um um um um so I mean uh well uh episode. Hello, Jordan. Hello, Michael. This is not a a a a a a a a a a a one-take show. This is the first-ever. Well I mean um uh okay um so I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh I mean. We were we were we were we were we we we we we we we we we we we were we were we were we were we were we were we were were were were were were were were were were were one minute into the podcast and then I realized that we have a you you you you you you you you you you you know you know you know okay like well okay so you know like like like like like like like like like like like little bit of a new setup here and our audio engineer extraordinaire David David David David David David David David David David David has I mean you know so uh I mean I mean you know you know know know know know know know know know know know like well certain rules and regulations around the set up and I realized that I I I I I I I I I I I hadn't um you know um uh so like you know uh so well set set set set set set set set set set set it up properly to par. But now we are good to go. We're only only only only only only only only only only only we're only we're only we're only we're only we're only we're only we're only we're only we're only we're only 45 seconds in but you were saying.