It is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is is is is is is is is is is is it is it is it is time to take a bomp Danny calm down. Down down down down down down down down down down. It's time to talk well well okay um well well I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh about anchor our new podcast platform. The easiest the easiest the easiest the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest the easiest the easiest the easiest the easiest the easiest the easiest the easiest way way way way way way way way way way way to make a podcast that is a well well uh you know okay well like I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean okay good point and gives you everything you need in one place place place place place place place place place place place for free and okay like um like you know like so you know well I I I I I I I I I I I mean you can use it right from your phone or computer at anchor you can I I I I I I I I I I I mean um um you know I mean I mean you know I mean um um um um um um um um um um um like record and edit and make everything that you put down on your podcast sound sound sound sound sound sound sound sound sound sound sound as good uh like like I mean well like uh you know like I mean as as as as as as as as as as as my voice or you can upload a podcast that you might have recorded on um um um um um um um um um um um so I mean well you know like okay you know so so another application. Application application application application application application application application application application. Also ankle will distribute your podcast for you so it can Be heard I I I I I I I I I I I mean well well you know uh okay like I mean okay like everywhere Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more. You can make easy money for um um um um um um um um um um um okay uh okay well um okay well um well your podcast. I'm talking about real real real real real real real real real real real easy money with anchor right? No minimum I mean I mean like um um um um um um um um um um um um um I mean um uh you know listenership required download the anchor app or go go go go go go go go go go go to Anchor dot. F m-- right um okay I mean well well well okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean well uh now. Yeah Melvin's yeah Melvin's yeah Melvin's yeah Melvin's yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah Melvin's yeah Melvin's yeah Melvin's yeah Melvin's yeah Melvin's yeah Melvin's yeah Melvin's broadcasting at at at at at at at at at at at a combined weight of 370 pounds representing Boston, Massachusetts. They are the podcast world's movie.