Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back back back back back back back back back back back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to another episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode of tuxedo time where we were Tuxedos and it's uh okay okay so well well well well well well well well well well well so okay okay I mean so time. I love cast Edition. Yes, I love that that that that that that that that that that that when you say it. You like you like you like you like you like like like like like like like like like like like you like you like you like you like you like you like I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know so like uh okay um okay so sound like you're trying to be be be be be be be be be be be a radio announcer. You're like you're like you're like you're like you're like like like like like like like like like like like you're like you're like you're like you're like you're like you're like welcome back back back back back back back back back back back to another I mean like like I mean well well like I mean well well well well well well well well well well well um episode of I don't want to put my microphone. We're not in the um I I I I I I I I I I I mean um okay well uh so so so you know new studio yet yet yet yet yet yet yet yet yet yet yet because we had a little bit of a hangout if you watch the the the the the the the the the the the like so I mean uh you know uh you know like like so Vlog Vlog Vlog Vlog Vlog Vlog Vlog Vlog Vlog Vlog Vlog that we posted at by the time you listen to this a few well well well well well well well well well well well uh you know well I mean uh like uh well okay weeks ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago we found Mice in our basement. So we had to put our project on okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know uh um uh okay you know um um hold for a few few few few few few few few few few few while we get rid of that. But in but in but in but in in in in in in in in in in in but in but in but in but in but in but in but but but but but but but but but but but in the um um um okay um uh uh okay okay I mean meantime now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, we're sitting in our living room. So we've now recorded a podcast in so so so so so so so so so so so okay like okay well I mean uh uh like you know three three three three three three three three three three three different places. This is definitely the most comfortable out of all of them so um um um um um um um um um um um like well okay okay um like okay okay um high so, what's the plan plan plan plan plan plan plan plan plan plan plan today? Listen? I haven't seen you in like a week like um so so well well well well well well well well well well well like well so well you know and a half sure. We have one together. Yeah. Okay. So let me rephrase that. I haven't really.