This is the podcast on creativity and execution. I hope you enjoy the most most most most most most most most most most most I mean like you know uh well you know I mean like like you know sinister. Sinister Sinister Sinister Sinister Sinister Sinister Sinister Sinister Sinister Sinister. I cannot defile seems a my best friend spending their hard-earned money to buy buy buy buy buy buy buy buy buy buy buy tickets to you know so you know um well uh uh so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well come to your shows. You don't need this right here. I promise you you you you you you you you you you you you you know um you know uh you know well okay um I mean uh want want want want want want want want want want want the Moon just say the word and I'll throw a lasso around. Hey like like like like like like like like like like like like uh uh um um I mean like uh I mean guys, this is joe. Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe. He's a quick little intro on what you're about to hear Johnny got like like like like like like like like like like like you know like well uh you know okay so well so invited by one of our our our our our our our our our our our friends who's a teacher At Crutchfield Nations the class. He teaches well uh so so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um um uh so a class called leadership development. So he so he he he he he he he he he he he so he so he so he so he so he so he so he so so so so so so so so so so so he so he asked Jonny to come in talk about uh you know well well well well well well well well well well well you know so I mean okay so you know um culture and Johnny kills kills kills kills kills kills kills kills kills kills kills it it's really good talks about core values talks about how like well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well you know I mean you know um okay so important those are and and and and and and and and and and and how vital it is to know what your core values are uh um you know know know know know know know know know know know uh I mean um so so so so so you can create culture within your team team team team team team team team team team team within your friends and got your whole life. Basically. It's really good. I hope you enjoy We.