The only one that is allowed to talk and that's why I do stand-up. Yeah. I I I I I I I I I I I like I like I like I like I like I like I like I like like like like like like like like like like like I like I like I like I mean um okay okay okay well well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um had a first exploratory session with a really bad therapists last weekend and and and and and and and and and and and she uh like uh so uh like well so you know you know just just just just just just just just just just just like got right and did not try to get to know me like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so um so I mean you know so at all was like, what would would would would would would would would would would would you say is your main issue? And I I mean like you know know know know know know know know know know know uh so well I mean uh you know like was like, let's fix this in one one one one one one one one one one one hour. I do I do I do I do I do I do I I I I I I I I I I I do I do I do I do I do the little we got 48 48 48 48 48 48 48 48 48 48 48 I mean you know um I mean well like uh so okay uh minutes. Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's do this. Okay, there is I'm watching The Globe truly. Yes got yes got yes got got got got got got got got got got got yes got yes got yes got yes got yes got yes got yes got got got got got got got got got got got yes got right um you know uh you know I mean you know like I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay like down to business and I was like, I don't know. I I I I I I I I I I I guess I feel like um so I mean like I mean okay well like um um um um um um um um um um um you know I always need to be in control and she's like, is is is is is is is is is is is that what you like I mean you know uh okay uh um well so like like like like like like like like like like like do comedy? And I was like, I don't like I guess so, I don't know and and and and and and and and and and and like I mean like I mean I mean okay um well well okay she's like like like like like like like like like like like I am time that's comedy help people feel like they're in control. I think of it as a pretty chaotic.