Hey, it's Melinda and welcome to the qivana podcast. The Hebrew word. Cabana is is is is is is is is is is is all about well uh like uh okay okay so um so well living living living living living living living living living living living your life with intention each week. I'll be featuring someone who inspires me and and and and and and and and and and and lives well um um like so okay uh like uh well each day with purpose. Purpose purpose purpose purpose purpose purpose purpose purpose purpose purpose. My greatest. Hope is that by listening you two will be okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um um like um so okay I mean inspired to wake up every every every every every every every every every every every morning with intention it all begins with you. With me with me with me me me me me me me me me me me with me with me with me with me with me with me with me with me me me me me me me me me me me in uh you know like so um I mean okay like so like like like like like like like like like like like the studio today and by Studio, of course, I mean, my beautiful office office office office office office office office office office office is like so well you know uh okay okay um like you know Breezy and I I I I I I I I I I I feel like Breezy. I always say your name like your Oprah or well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know well so you know well okay um share or Beyonce and I I I I I I I I I I I say it like Madonna. Okay old like Madonna that's fair like okay okay uh well well well well well well well well well well well well okay like so okay to like how many people really know Madonna's last name? Huh? No No No No No No No No No No No idea Tony. Oh god. You know okay uh you know you know so like like like like like like like like like like like well um okay. Why do you know that because it's like mine. Go with with with with with with with with with with with go with go with go with go with go with go with go with with with with with with with with with with with go with go with go with the guys and know that I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know so so so you know I mean uh well okay we're about to take you on a roller coaster ride through Breezies life Breezy to.