If I'm not having a month where like an exorbitant amount of money comes okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so uh uh so um well uh okay into the bank, bank, bank, bank, bank, bank, bank, bank, bank, bank, bank, that's that's different compared to my regular normal standard than I feel you know know know know know know know know know know know you know well okay well okay okay I mean I mean I mean like a a a a a a a a a a a failure and that's like any standard. So like if it's let's just say uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean um um well I mean like like uh like I was making making making making making making making making making making making $5,000 a month or fifty thousand dollars a month or 500 like in you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so um you know um you know well I mean um my mind unless we we we we we we we we we we we have a month where I'm like tripling it out of okay okay well well you know know know know know know know know know know know okay I mean so well okay nowhere then I didn't succeed. That's stupid. Stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid. I don't know why I don't know so I mean okay uh well well well well well well well well well well well uh okay uh well so how to put that stupid. Why do why do why why why why why why why why why why why do why do why do why do why do why do why do do do do do do do do do do do why do why do I feel that way? Why because you're you know um um um um um um um um um um um I mean okay okay I mean okay you know um uh comparing yourself to to to to to to to to to to to the lifestyle of people that are way outside of our means. Yeah. So um like like like like like like like like like like like so I mean so well like uh uh. Welcome to the business of a a a a a a a a a a a podcast. My name is Lorna Liz love and I am I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um so like so so so you know like a success expert transformation strategist business mentor mentor mentor mentor mentor mentor mentor mentor mentor mentor mentor and the owner of a million dollar online Empire. I am obsessed with helping women receive it all in life. And in.