All right, you listen to this podcast right now. London is blue. And guess what well well well well well well well well well well well well you know uh you know uh well so okay well we host our our our our our our our our our our our podcast on anchor dot f m that's right. If you're if you're if if if if if if if if if if if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're if you're if you're looking um well okay so you know so um um um um um um um um um um um like so so to host your own podcast. This is the easiest free way to to to to to to to to to to to get started uh so so well so um like I mean uh uh this got a Content Content Content Content Content Content Content Content Content Content Content creation tool allows you to record and the podcast right okay um well um um um um um um um um um um um I mean um like uh um uh from a phone. It's right don't even even even even even even even even even even even need a computer, but you can do it I mean uh like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like so you know so uh there too. They'll also help you distribute it it it it it it it it it it it which is probably the most challenging part, like well like uh so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so um you know want to mess with that. They got you covered and and and and and and and and and and and get it right on a well I mean uh well like I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um Spotify and apple podcast as well as any other place podcast or or or or or or or or or or or founds And you I mean I mean um okay so uh so like so so so so so so so so so so so like know what, you can monetize it to make a little cash for for for for for for for for for for for sharing your great uh like okay I mean um uh okay okay uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean content with the world everything. You need to make a podcast all in in in in in in in in in in in one you know you know I mean so you know well so okay um well well well well well well well well well well well individual place. So, you know what head over to your app store download the anchor I I I I I I I I I I I mean um you know okay you know so like so I mean like a poor poor poor poor poor poor poor poor poor poor poor head anchored on FM to get started. If you're if you're if you're if you're if if if if if if if if if if if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're ready to to to to to to to to to to to launch okay so okay um like so you know so uh uh your your your your your your your your your your your podcast and make it happen. This is Reuben of the cheek. This is wien amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing uh you know well like uh I mean um um you know you know know know know know know know know know know know amount. You're listening to the London is blue or cocks. All right, all right, all right, all right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, Chelsea fans, welcome back to another episode of your favorite mid-week.