Tony you know, what's really exciting about about this podcast. It's going on. Well, it's well well well well well well well well well well well well um okay well okay well like okay okay the Partnerships that we've had and and and and and and and and and and and and coming up in May of our Partnerships are going um um um like you know know know know know know know know know know know like okay uh like uh to be under one tent do yeah. I'm so excited. Excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited. I mean this is I like like I mean I mean okay um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so like um think the first time ever right we able to combine everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody together and so um you know okay I mean like like I mean I mean like like like like like like like like like like like it's awesome. Right? So while we're at hair Love retreat in May we're going going going going going going going going going going going I mean you know like like like like so like like you know to be be be be be be be be be be be we're going to be there with schedule. Is he going to be be be be be be be be be be be a I mean uh um I mean uh I mean like you you you you you you you you you you you know okay okay salon? Because of course we going to be there with her love retreats. Retreats Retreats Retreats Retreats Retreats Retreats Retreats Retreats Retreats Retreats. We really I mean uh so you know um well you know so okay like like like like like like like like like like like Mega excited about that and we have Elizabeth here and Elizabeth is going to um um um um um um um um um um um you know I mean I mean um okay I mean so like so tell us us us us us us us us us us us like all the details because schedule acidity in the very schedule is you know so so so so so so so so so so so I mean like um okay I mean well you know so City way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, they're going to schedule a city cares giveaway. Yeah, they're yeah, they're yeah, they're yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, they're yeah, they're yeah, they're yeah, they're yeah, they're yeah, they're yeah, they're yeah, they're going going going going going going going going going going going to give away okay okay well um um um so like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay a ticket to handle of retreat and Miss Elizabeth phase want to give us all all all all all all all all all all all okay you know um you know okay so you know like uh well the the the the the the the the the the the juicy details. Welcome Miss Elizabeth and today's so I'm so excited schedule is to like like like like like like like like like like like so like well so you know uh you know uh well be so generous generous generous generous generous generous generous generous generous generous generous to do this. Anyone can enter even if you've gotten a ticket, it doesn't matter its chosen at random.