Welcome to another episode of the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm your your your your your your your your your your your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your your your your your your your your your your your I'm your I'm your I'm your uh I mean you know so um well like like like like like like like like like like like you know uh you know host Simon and in today's episode. This is this is is is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is is is this is this is the audio version of video that we you know okay um um um um um um um um um um um you know well uh so okay well well originally published on YouTube here for your your your your your your your your your your your listening convenience. If you if you if you if you if you if you if if if if if if if if if if if you if you if you if you if you like this show, please uh well well well well well well well well well well well okay okay I mean so well uh um you know do consider leaving leaving leaving leaving leaving leaving leaving leaving leaving leaving leaving us a review or ever get your podcasts. That would that would that would would would would would would would would would would would that would that would that would that would that would that would would would would would would would would would would would that would that would like so uh you know you know you know um well well well well well well well well well well well okay well be awesome and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're watching I mean you know uh like uh I mean so like well like top top top top top top top top top top top 10 internet. And in the video today, we're looking at the top 10 uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um so uh uh um real-life spy bungles on the 21st of of of of of of of of of of of July 1973 Israeli agents of The Mossad killed a waiter uh like so you you you you you you you you you you you know so okay like you know I mean uh in Lillehammer Norway seeking revenge revenge revenge revenge revenge revenge revenge revenge revenge revenge revenge for the 1972 Munich Olympics Massacre of Israeli athletes. The so like well like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like well hapless victim was innocent and had nothing to do do do do do do do do do do do with the terrorist attack. And the and the and the and the and the and and and and and and and and and and and the and the and the and the and the and the I mean like well well well well well well well well well well well okay okay okay you know like okay so murder was just another blunder by by by by by by by by by by by a country attempting to conduct Spy Games over the years there well I mean so so so so so so so so so so so uh uh I mean so um I mean um have been some egregious Errors Errors Errors Errors Errors Errors Errors Errors Errors Errors Errors By secret agencies and here we have 10 of um so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean um okay I mean okay those Biggest Oops moments just before before before before before before before before before before before you get into the list. I will say that like like so well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know like like you know so this is a collaboration with dr. Matthews has acne of history and headlines.com. So go over to.