You have you have you have you have you have you have you have have have have have have have have have have have you have you have you have you have not heard about anger. It's the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast. Let me um okay well so you know you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean uh you know uh explain. It's a proof. There are certain tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit um so so like you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean you know um your podcast, right you're from phone or computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer anchor will distribute your podcast for well um well uh like okay okay like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you you you you you you you you you you you can um uh you know I mean so well I mean um I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's everything it's everything you need you know um I mean you know uh um I I I I I I I I I I I mean well uh I mean to make a podcast in one place. I want to to to to to to to to to to to ask you a question. Are you like well well you know uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean uh living the life you want to live? Everybody Everybody Everybody Everybody Everybody Everybody Everybody Everybody Everybody Everybody Everybody has a dream life. We all like I mean well uh okay you know um um um um um um um um um um um uh well you know have that picture in our mind not that life. You want to to to to to to to to to to to live my question um you know so I mean you know so um like like like like like like like like like like like like uh to you is simple. Are you currently living the life? Most people would would would would would would would would would would would say no. Um I mean I mean um okay um like okay um I I I I I I I I I I I mean. Well why the answers are often somewhere close to it seems impossible. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's too well you know uh okay I mean okay like you know you know know know know know know know know know know know like hard. It doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it it it it it it it it it it it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't seem feasible. I don't have those kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of opportunities. I don't have okay well okay I mean well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean okay it in me. I don't have the necessary resources and the most common answer is I don't know.