Hi guys, welcome to today's podcast episode on the art of business where we talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about um okay I mean so like like like I mean like uh marketing business business business business business business business business business business business strengths and opportunities. And of course Amazing Stories from day-to-day entrepreneurs. I hope um um um um um um um um um um um you know okay so so well well well uh like you like it. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you guys for joining into the art of this is um um um um okay okay well well well well well well well well well well well I mean I mean uh today. My guess my guess my guess my guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess my guess my guess my guess my guess my guess my guess my guess my old old old old old old old old old old old friend Mikey Moon Mikey. How you how you how you how you how you how how how how how how how how how how how you how you how you how you how you how you doing today? you know so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh uh okay um you know I mean Good. Thank you, Mom. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you for having me. Looking forward to this right now. Thank uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so um I mean well uh um well you for joining us really? So So So So So So So So So So So I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I I I I I I I I I I I so I so I so I let me give our listeners are little bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit um okay well I mean you know I mean like like so so of of of of of of of of of of of context or of what I'm doing. So I so I so I so I I I I I I I I I I I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I I I I I I I I I I I was browsing LinkedIn the other like okay uh like okay uh you know well well well well well well well well well well well I mean uh day and I saw Mikey Mikey we went to college back in 2012. 2012 2012 2012 2012 2012 2012 2012 2012 2012 2012. Uh I mean well I mean well um like you know okay like. Soccer together so we we we we we we we we we we we known each other for a few years back in the day now, he's he owns a gym and he's been very very very.