Everyone welcome back to a conversation with the boys. You did. I'm them I'm them them them them them them them them them them them I'm them I'm them I'm them I'm them I'm them I'm them I'm them I'm them them them them them them them them them them them I'm them okay okay so so okay like okay so um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay and I'm Johan and this week. We've got a new segment, I guess. Yeah, so well well well well well well well well well well well well I mean um uh you know okay um like well I guess we're going going going going going going going going going going going to try and just talk about something reason that's happened in well you know know know know know know know know know know know um well okay so like well well uh the news and I think the bigger story story story story story story story story story story story which we thought was kind of entertaining was Donald um um you know know know know know know know know know know know okay I mean okay so okay um you know Trump and Modi had a little chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat together. So Trump went to India. Oh, yes oh, yes oh, yes oh, yes oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, yes oh, yes oh, yes oh, yes oh, yes oh, yes oh, yes Trump like like like like like like like like like like like I mean so you know uh you know well you know so like like like like like like like like like like like went to India and then when he was there, I mean, okay look before well well well well well well well well well well well okay uh I mean um okay um well uh uh we These I know everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone like beats up on Trump all the time and uh like like uh like well well well well well well well well well well well like um well so we've tried to avoid it because they like to to to to to to to to to to to be boring right now. I want you know I mean well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay uh like well to hear about this. Yeah, but this is hilariously hilariously hilariously hilariously hilariously hilariously hilariously hilariously hilariously hilariously hilariously like this is hilarious. So I so I so I so I so so so so so so so so so so so I so I so I so I so I so I so I mean um um um um um um um um um um um well okay you know uh uh okay well okay I think I think think think think think think think think think think think everyone would have seen the movie names and stuff. You're talking about you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well okay you know um you know you know Sachin Tendulkar and and and and and and and and and and and Virat Kohli, right? Yeah, and I mean like he tried his hardest like well well well well well well well well well well well well so okay so okay um so I mean to get there like to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about them, which is good. I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean who's um okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean well I mean uh so like okay having a leave leave leave leave leave leave leave leave leave leave leave the most unqualified person to talk about Cricket? Yeah. That's very very true. But man he butchered be fucking me push it. Okay, you said.