Hey friends, hey friends, hey friends, hey friends, hey friends, hey friends, hey friends, hey friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, hey friends, hey friends, hey friends, welcome to another episode of that sounds fun. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your host an you know um uh okay so like well well like you know know know know know know know know know know know EF down. So happy to be here with you today the music in the so so so so so so so so so so so well uh uh like okay uh so well um background, you know, it's from from from from from from from from from from from our good buddy. Mr. Toren Wells make sure you uh um so you know know know know know know know know know know know you know uh so well like you know grab a copy of his new album citizen citizen citizen citizen citizen citizen citizen citizen citizen citizen citizen of Heaven. Hey friend. Just you know like like okay so I mean well so so so so so so so so so so so okay uh wanted to thank you for your kindness to Dave Kevin and his his his his his his his his his his his okay like uh well so you know okay so you know uh wife Jill this this this this this this this this this this this week continue to send your love prayers. And if you would like to like you you you you you you you you you you you know so you know uh um like you know well uh donate to help help help help help help help help help help help them it's again at pray for Jill.com. They on they on they on on on on on on on on on on on they on they on they on they on they on they on they on on on on on on on on on on on they on the show I mean so like you know okay um you know well well well well well well well well well well well so okay is one of my favorite the one of the OG bloggers one of of of of of of of of of of of the original like well so like you know you know well okay you know so people people people people people people people people people people people that were writing in our space one of my favorite friend. She's just hilarious Melanie Melanie Melanie Melanie Melanie Melanie Melanie Melanie Melanie Melanie Melanie I mean uh you know so you know okay uh so well uh shankle. Shankle Shankle Shankle Shankle Shankle Shankle Shankle Shankle Shankle Shankle. She's a New York Times bestseller and her most recent book just came so I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean you know you know uh well okay well um out last week if called called called called called called called called called called called on the bright side and it is excellent. We jumped we jumped we jumped jumped jumped jumped jumped jumped jumped jumped jumped jumped jumped we jumped we jumped we jumped we jumped we jumped we jumped we jumped jumped jumped jumped jumped jumped jumped jumped jumped jumped jumped we jumped right I mean I mean like okay um you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um um uh in we haven't caught up in a little bit and I think think think think think think think think think think think you're going to enjoy just to proper catch up between good friends. So here's a conversation with.