So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard about um um um um um um um um um um um you know well um okay I mean I mean um well um anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor its easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. Uh like well well well well well well well well well well well I mean uh like so I mean okay uh. There's creation tools that allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your I mean well well well well well well well well well well well I mean well um I mean so like uh like phone or computer anchor will will will will will will will will will will will distribute our podcast for you. So it could be heard like okay uh like like well well well well well well well well well well well um well so you know on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make make make make make make make make make make make money from your you know so so so like um well like well um um um um um um um um um um um podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast all in one um okay uh you know um um so um you know know know know know know know know know know know uh place. So download the anchor app. For your phone or go to Anchor FM.com to to to to to to to to to to to you know like okay so so um like like okay so get get get get get get get get get get get started. Well, howdy there internet people Isabella gun. So tonight we're going like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well well okay I mean so I mean uh so to talk about a meme meme meme meme meme meme meme meme meme meme meme and it's not just a meme in the sense like uh you know you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean okay um so okay well of an image. It's an idea that that that that that that that that that that that people have and we're going to look into so um you know well well well well well well well well well well well um well like okay like you know it understand that nothing. I say I I I I I I I I I I I say I say I say I say I say I say I say I I I I I I I I I I I say I say I say tonight should be taken as an endorsement of any kind of state economy. This is just me trying to get to.