You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a a a a a a a a a a a podcast. Let me uh I mean uh uh like I mean okay um um so explain. Explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain. It's a proof. There are there are there are there are there are there are there are are are are are are are are are are are there are there are there are there are certain tools that allow you to to to to to to to to to to to record and edit like well okay you know okay so like so well well your your your your your your your your your your your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean well okay so like you know like you know uh you. So it can be heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you well I mean so um um um um um um um um um um um well okay I mean uh you know I mean can make money from your your your your your your your your your your your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make make make make make make make make make make make like you know um you know I mean well I mean uh so I I I I I I I I I I I mean a podcast in one place. Is arranged marriage a scary proposition last year three um um um um um um um um um um um I mean uh so well so I mean so you know well of my my my my my my my my my my my friends had terrible experiences involving arranged marriage in the first experience. The two the two the the the the the the the the the the the two the two the two the two the two the two the two the the the the the the the the the the the two the two okay well okay um um like okay um okay um parties parties parties parties parties parties parties parties parties parties parties are engaged and right before the wedding the girl told him that she well well well well well well well well well well well so I mean well uh you know okay well I mean so loves somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody else in the second experience as a wedding date approached the girl like like like like like like like like like like like um okay um like I mean like I mean I mean like ran away with with with with with with with with with with with her boyfriend in the third experience the two parties got um I mean um um um um um um um um um um um okay like uh well uh okay like married, but within a month my friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend found out that she was still in uh um so okay um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like uh okay like touch with her ex-boyfriend and probably had an affair and asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked he filed for divorce so um I mean okay so uh I mean um so so so so so so so so so so so so right away. Such experience has made me wonder what are the reasons that make people go for an arranged matters on man.