Hello, this hello, this hello, this hello, this hello, this hello, this hello, this hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, this hello, this hello, this hello, this is your everyday positivity on Vale. My My My My My My My My My My My name is Kate kocher today. Uh um uh um uh um uh um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um uh um uh um uh um uh um uh um uh um well so so so so so so so so so so so well uh um um um um. I'm going to be celebrating the life and and and and and and and and and and and grieving the passing of my husband's grandmother. And so uh you know like um well well well well well well well well well well well uh um like you know it means we get to spend the day day day day day day day day day day day with family people. We've not seen for okay you know like like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well you know so you know you know a long time. We get to to to to to to to to to to to share stories about this woman that was in our okay like um so you you you you you you you you you you you know um I mean like you know uh life and so important to many of us us us us us us us us us us us and I wanted to just acknowledge that okay you know um well well like like like like like like like like like like like um well um well story and memory are so deeply. Intertwined and that today I know know know know know know know know know know know we're you know I mean you know like I mean okay um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean going to have a great time sharing stories about this woman that that that that that that that that that that that we're uh uh uh you know uh well I mean I mean so so grieving grieving grieving grieving grieving grieving grieving grieving grieving grieving grieving and sharing stories about good times and sharing stories about the quirks um well I I I I I I I I I I I mean um like well you know I mean I mean um and the Ridiculousness of humans humans humans humans humans humans humans humans humans humans humans and human nature. And so today I want you to well uh you you you you you you you you you you you know uh okay I mean um uh um I mean kind of join me not not not not not not not not not not not just with the people that have passed away in like uh um um well you you you you you you you you you you you know you know I mean okay uh your life, but I want you to to to to to to to to to to to celebrate your memories. I want I want I want I want I want I want I want I want I want I want I want you to celebrate.