Keep a keep a keep a keep a keep a keep a keep a keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep a keep a keep a keep a good distance from the microphone wasn't right with with with with with with with with with with with my favorite you who's that you know okay you know so you know like like like like like like like like like like like like well uh you know guy next to him? Welcome back to topics of of of of of of of of of of of Interest with Nick and Mark. I so um so you know well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know you know um am your host Nick Harrigan and I'm the the the the the the the the the the the other host Marc Murphy. And today we okay so so you know uh like like like like like like like like like like like okay I mean you know I mean have a very special guest Tyler Nord everyone Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler your part-time host. Yeah. Let's get let's get let's get let's get get get get get get get get get get get let's get let's get let's get let's get let's get let's get let's get well well well well well well well well well well well you know uh um um uh okay like uh okay it. So Mark, Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark, New Tyler and college so how'd you guys meet um like I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean so I mean well like um I mean we met sophomore year in chemistry chemistry chemistry chemistry chemistry chemistry chemistry chemistry chemistry chemistry chemistry lab. Yeah. So we I barely showed like okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well so um you know so okay the chemistry but marked had a deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep chemistry. We first we first we first we first we first we first we first first first first first first first first first first first we first we first we first we first met but it you know uh well well well well well well well well well well well well okay so um so uh you know was there be but it was was was was was was was was was was was there. We took the we just say major so I mean so so so so so so so so so so so uh you know okay uh okay you know um um we had all the same same same same same same same same same same same classes together and decide to sit by each other uh like um so you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean okay okay uh uh and this is Back when Mark was a Maki, Maki, Maki, Maki, Maki, Maki, Maki, Maki, Maki, Maki, Maki, correct. Yeah. We were we were we were we were we were we were we we we we we we we we we we we were we were we were we were we were both mechanical engineering Majors before he gave up.