Hi and welcome to the fort down podcast. I'm Ben. I'm so and we're here um um um um um um um um um um um um you know uh well um so so you know okay to talk about American football. So So So So So So So So So So So I go into the NFL after the demo for Madden like like like um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um so um you know 2009 was advertised on my Xbox that which was was was was was was was was was was was the one with Drew Brees okay I mean okay well I mean like okay like like like like like like like like like like like okay you know on the cover. Okay, because okay, because okay, because okay, because okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, because okay, because okay, because okay, because okay, because okay, because okay, because it it it it it it it it it it it won the Super Bowl and the AFC Championship Game the 2009 well you know know know know know know know know know know know well you know uh uh so so well uh game between the Colts and the the the the the the the the the the the Jets. This was the game that you could play. Um well like you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean well like okay uh well. So yeah, I enjoyed the demo and and and and and and and and and and and so you play that demo. That was um you know you know you know you know know know know know know know know know know know well uh um um you know your first experience. Yeah, pretty much why you chose chose chose chose chose chose chose chose chose chose chose to be a broadcaster? Yeah, because I you know so well like well you know well well well well well well well well well well well you know um I mean chose to be a Broncos fan because well quite frankly because because because because because because because because because because because I have a horse and I mean uh um well uh so you know know know know know know know know know know know like like okay I went and I didn't like I felt pretty scummy to be in like, you know, yeah, I don't like all this.