Hello and welcome to patch and this is a podcast. That's about OverWatch. I'm so so so so so so so so so so so well well so so like I mean so like um always amazed with much League League League League League League League League League League League hosting skills, huh? I'm always amazed with your um okay so so well well well well well well well well well well well like you know I mean well so hosting skills. I mean, I wasn't really really really really really really really really really really really listening to you. I was tuning okay uh um you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know so okay so you know you out. I've already listened to you you you you you you you you you you you enough the last two days, but welcome. We have you know uh you know know know know know know know know know know know you know okay you know okay okay um um a lot of stuff to go go go go go go go go go go go over today. Not really because we just watch like you know well so well well well well well well well well well well well like you know well uh I mean the same teams play for the last last last last last last last last last last last five weeks, but we got hero pools now. Yeah. Uh well I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know so so I mean um okay so. Thanks both of you on the ends. Ends ends ends ends ends ends ends ends ends ends. The fuck the fuck the fuck the fuck the fuck the fuck the the the the the the the the the the the fuck the fuck the fuck the fuck the fuck do I was listening back um um um um um um um um um um um so you know you know so um so well like so to the companion stream and and and and and and and and and and and you were like, oh, it's not that bad right so um you know like like like like like like like like like like like so so uh I mean like so on this pan. So now you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're actually targeting me during the podcast when I like like so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like uh you know uh so saw you live say I did not not not not not not not not not not not that bad. But what but what but what but what but what but what but what what what what what what what what what what what but what but what but what but what I'm doing is I'm trying um like okay like like like like like like like like like like like I mean like you know I mean uh well to dig into your own own own own own own own own own own own insecurities about picking Rhino. I'm so happy about so like so so you know like like like like like like like like like like like so you know well I mean it. Yeah hiring yeah hiring yeah hiring yeah hiring hiring hiring hiring hiring hiring hiring hiring hiring hiring hiring yeah hiring yeah hiring yeah hiring yeah hiring yeah hiring yeah hiring yeah hiring hiring hiring hiring hiring hiring hiring hiring hiring hiring hiring happy with my selections about you. You were the worst okay like uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh so like so I couldn't think of to like, I woke woke woke woke woke woke woke woke woke woke woke up this morning. I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought about it. I was like all I play is hitscan Heroes.