Hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, so I wanted to take a a a a a a a a a a a second to just tell you uh I mean uh uh you know you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well well a little bit about anchor it's the app that I use use use use use use use use use use use to record my you know I mean I mean I mean you know well well well well well well well well well well well uh uh you know um podcasts. I absolutely I absolutely I absolutely I absolutely I I I I I I I I I I I absolutely I absolutely I absolutely I absolutely I absolutely I absolutely I absolutely love love love love love love love love love love love it. It's completely free. There. Are these really awesome creation tools you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um I mean well I mean you know you know um um um um um um um um um um um that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh uh like so okay you know you know uh okay your computer and and and and and and and and and and and anchor distribute your podcast for you. So you so you so you so you so you you you you you you you you you you you so you so you so you so you so you so you can hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear it okay so um uh so um okay so okay so on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcasts and many other platforms you are able to make money from you know um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know so you know well you know okay your podcast. You You You You You You You You You You You don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you you you you you you you you you you you don't you don't you don't you don't need to have a minimum listenership. And And And And And And And And And And And it's and it's and it's and it's and it's and it's and it's and it's and and and and and and and and and and and it's and it's and it's just really everything like okay okay um you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean okay uh uh like that you need to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast in one place. So I so I so I so I so I so so so so so so so so so so so I so I so I so I so I so I find it really really really really really really really really really really really useful you know you know so you know you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like so um and accessible and really helpful. You can download the free anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go you know I mean uh uh um you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um well to Anchor dot f m-- to get started and I'm telling you it's just um um um um um um um um um um um so so okay well okay like you know I mean okay like the easiest way way way way way way way way way way way to get your feet wet and jump into creating your so you know so so so so so so so so so so so I mean uh uh uh I mean well uh own podcast. I I I I I I I I I I I love it. I'm going in search of witches witches, which is I guess you found me out, huh?.