Hi all 90-day Bri here with your tea on AfterBuzz TVs. 90-day fiance News News News News News uh uh um so Daily. We haven't we haven't we haven't we haven't we haven't gotten gotten gotten gotten gotten to see much of Stephanie on the new season of like uh um okay okay okay okay okay a for the 90 days, but we know that she has a plastic plastic plastic plastic plastic anemia that well okay you know so her girlfriend from the show lives in Australia and and and and and that her family is unaware I mean well you know so that she's dating a a a a a woman what you might not know about Stephanie though is that she sells I mean uh uh uh uh uh so so naked photos of herself online. That's right. Stephanie has a a a a a patron where she I mean uh um you know has content. That's a bit bit bit bit bit risque. It seems some people may have found this out well um you know know know know know uh though as Stephanie took her Instagram stories to lay everything out. Out she states that that that that that you know okay um well she is not ashamed of this this this this this content and that having the patron has I mean okay well uh financed her her her her her documentary as well as other creative projects and it's also helped her income like like like like like okay okay I mean in general. She ends it saying I'm a hello an advocate advocate advocate advocate advocate a writer a um I mean like uh content creator a dumbass. I'm allowed I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm allowed I'm allowed I'm allowed I'm allowed to be everything. I'm allowed I'm allowed I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm allowed I'm allowed I'm allowed to love whoever you know um uh well I want. I I I I I am not definable good for you girl. A woman awoman awoman awoman awoman should okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know you know be allowed to do whatever she wants with her her her her her body and her patreon is 18 uh you know like uh plus. So not not not not not just anyone can watch if you want to support her and her Patron head over to patreon.com.