Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune tune tune tune tune okay you know well so out if you want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I well I well I well I well I well well well well well uh you know so reported that Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with with with with with a production crew um like okay I mean Link in the description and I along along along along along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated okay uh um well that Maddie was was was was was certainly going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is uh like um okay officially dead dead dead dead dead because Claire Crawley was announced as next season's leading woman. So let so let let let let let so let so let so let me get uh so so um this straight. Straight straight straight straight. Maddie was maddie was maddie was maddie was maddie was filming something weeks after production wrapped, but but but but but she's not the Bachelorette so uh you know you know you know she she she she she has to be the winner of this season, right? Is there any other other other other other reason Maddie would okay well you know uh have been filming this is unconfirmed. But But But But But as of right now I see no um like so so other explanation unless y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all have other theories. Let me know your thoughts down in you know well well well well well you know okay the comments below. That's all I've got for today today today today today on Bachelor News Daily. But if you're I mean you know like well new to to to to to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep dive on her earlier today. Okay uh uh uh uh uh so um. So check that out on this channel and make sure you check out out out out out our um uh okay like Bachelor after show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on on on on on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.