What's up, guys? This episode of the podcast is brought to you by by by by by anchor um I mean like okay if you don't know about anchor it's the platform platform platform platform platform that we use to make okay like um okay all of our podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts and it is the easiest way to make a podcast. Uh like okay like. Let me just just just just just break it down for you guys real quick. It is 100% so so you know know know know know um free. There's nothing you have to pay for it comes with all kinds kinds kinds kinds kinds of creation okay okay you know well tools so that you can record and and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or so well uh I mean mean mean mean mean your computer wherever it'll automatically distribute your podcast for you so that it so uh uh uh uh uh uh you know can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast, wherever you want to to to to to put okay um well um it you can make money from your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right out the gate. No minimum um well so well listenership. You can you can you you you you you can you can you can start monetizing right away, which is super awesome. It's It's It's It's It's literally everything like uh I mean okay that you need to make a podcast all all all all all in one place. So download the free you know uh um well well well well well anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Enjoy the the the the the enjoy the enjoy the enjoy the enjoy the episode well uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean guys shit out in a box and I'll look this way too simple. That's That's That's That's That's fucking boring. So uh uh I mean. I'm not doing it. Okay. I just just just just just I just I just I just I just reason with myself like within a week week week week week I mean you know so okay of doing that and then fucking a hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred thieves comes out with some shit like I mean okay well you know that. It's It's It's It's It's bullshit. It's what's under bro. Come on son. The bomber jacket is sick though. I alright I will say it looks pretty tight. I'm.