Hey guys, it's Tina from the high of scishow. If you haven't heard heard heard heard heard like I mean like uh about anchor it's the easiest way to make make make make make a podcast. Let me explain. It's okay well so I mean a hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred percent free this creation tools that allow you to record and like I I I I I mean you know like edit your podcast right from your phone, or you you you you you can do it from your computer. Anchor well anchor well anchor well anchor well anchor well well well well well so okay so we do the rest. It's going to distribute your podcast on on on on on most popular platforms, like apple so I mean like okay podcast Google podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast Spotify and many more on top of that. You can I mean well uh uh uh uh uh I mean actually earn money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's It's It's It's It's everything you need um I mean um well to make a podcast and one place download download download download download the free anchor app or go uh you know you know uh to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor dot f m-- to get started. You're listening to the high up okay okay okay okay okay well you know uh Sideshow a podcast that allows people like you and me to to to to to invest our so I mean well I mean money in the more entertaining way. Way way way way. My name is Keen arrivals. I'm a like like well um photographer by the the the the the day, but I make most of my money by flipping so like well I mean mean mean mean mean cards and this show I'll be sitting down with you and sharing my best best best best best uh I mean like you know practices. You learn my process the lessons. I've I've I've I've I've learned and more importantly who well so uh like you should be buying sup guys guys guys guys guys and welcome back to the show. It's your boy. Well so um uh. Keen arrival arrival arrival arrival arrival isn't I'm back today with another episode over the last few days. I've noticed that too.