A Florida Desiree and Romi Rain and you're listening to people with Laura and Romy. It's It's It's It's It's It's you it's you it's you it's you it's you it's you know um um um um um um um um you know a whole big mouthful. Mmm. Welcome to a mouthful with Laura and romi. Romi Romi Romi Romi Romi. We are obviously so like uh like well starting our conversation with social media. Media media media media media. Yeah, you just stumble in on this moment of okay I mean um uh well well well well well well Genius. Everybody did we did to there was like a sudden like hand in um um um um um um like well I mean uh my shots, and he was feeding me like, you know something if if if if if if it's wow, you know I mean I mean you know okay it's like like like like like like the clouds open and you're on Mount Olympus and it's just the two you you you you you you know like so so like of us. Discussing the discussing the discussing the discussing the the the the the the discussing the discussing the most philosophical explosive ideas of the day there are watching us us us us us us so well uh okay like like dance around with a microphone and then we we we we we we just fade into their lives. I mean like well well um. I love that. That that that that that. I hope that's how people see us in their I mean okay you know know know know know know okay okay dreams now. It's probably it's probably it's probably it's probably it's probably it's probably probably probably probably probably probably how they see you. Don't you don't you must have a um like like like like like like like so okay lot of scenes that open like that? You're a part of this. This this this this this. Oh, it's so so uh well okay just like a myth girls like walking kind kind kind kind kind kind of in we're talking about those um you know you know well so are are are are are are some of my favorite scenes like, you know, the Gonzo's. Well, it's usually Gonzo uh I I I I I I mean like you know I mean a feature and that those are the ones were just bright light beautiful girl over lit walking in a bikini suddenly.