What is everybody this is recovery when I'm Jay lag and I'm NB and this this this this this this episode well so like you know uh is recapping reviewing the season finale of see of of of of of of chilling Adventures of Sabrina well uh so so well season 3 episode 8 and it's it's it's it's it's it's called chapter 28. Sabrina is Legend and um so um you know I I I I I I mean don't forget guys stick around for the any because we are going to go go go go go go like I mean well okay um through our recap roundups. Our best moments are are are are are are best lines of the episode. So um okay so um like be sure to stick stick stick stick stick stick around for that. We also have our contest going like okay so so uh on on on on on on right now for a chance to win a $50 Amazon gift card and and and and and and um uh I mean um well a pop socket. To enter just written comments comments comments comments comments comments on our iTunes page and you'll okay okay you know um you know be entered entered entered entered entered entered in the draw. We're extending this contest to the end of Riverdale season uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um so I mean for so we have lots of time as always always always always always always to or containing listeners in a so so um like so brand new ones. Ones ones ones ones ones. Thank you for joining us. Don't forget to like comment and well you know know know know know know um like okay subscribe to the channel. Let's get let's get let's get let's let's let's let's let's let's get let's get let's get into the episode. Yo, let's yo, let's yo, let's let's let's let's let's let's yo, let's yo, let's yo, let's get into it I mean uh so I I I I I I mean I mean the season finale. What do you think? It was it was was was was was was it was it was it was it was it was good? It like well okay so so so so so so um was really good. They're a they're a they're a they're a they're a a a a a a they're a couple things that I think I would have wanted done differently. But yeah, I'm still satisfied with what we got and.