Hey everyone, it's Deanna from Midwest Chicana. And I am here to tell you you you you you you about I mean you know you know well well the amazing app. I'm using I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm using I'm using I'm using I'm using I'm using right now. It is called called called called called called anchor this is the uh like like uh like app. I use I use I use use use use use use I use I use I use to create my podcast and I heard about it it it it it it from a friend you know you know I mean I mean so of mine mine mine mine mine mine who actually does it as well because I thought at first well well you know know know know know know well so oh my gosh, I want to do a podcast. But how am am am am am am I going okay um uh you know I mean to do it? I have no equipment. Equipment equipment equipment equipment equipment. I have no money and I want you know you know okay I I I I I I mean so to ensure that all our voices out here in the Midwest get get get get get get heard and how well I mean well um well do we do that that that that that that on a platform without spending a lot of ton of money, you know so um um um um um um um I mean especially when you don't know what to do. So she so she she she she she she so she so she so she so she told me about anchor it's I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh so uh I mean absolutely free. There's creation tools that allow you to to to to to to record and edit your podcast bright from you know so uh like you know know know know know know your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you so we can be be be be be be well well uh you know like heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many many many many many more and you can make money with like okay uh okay so your your your your your your pockets, which is the most amazing thing ever with no minimum listenership. So if if if if if if so if so if so if so if so if so okay uh um um um um um um I mean you're ready, I'm going to tell you right now to just do do do do do do it. It's everything um okay um okay I mean you need to make a a a a a a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.