Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to to to to to to the cosmic. I show I show I show I show I show I show show show show show show I am your host Jason bolton. Well uh okay you know um. Oh and and and and and and I have on the phone Chris Sheridan. Mr. Chris shared in other words, words, words, words, words, words, like okay I mean um you know otherwise known as it's going to mr. Christie, but but but but but but that's mr. Christmas to you. Um um okay well okay. What's your what's your your your your your your what's your what's your what's your what's your name Chris? Mr Darkness mr Darkness mr mr mr mr mr mr Darkness mr Darkness mr Darkness mr Darkness Mystic Mist aggressive try that next time at at at at at at well like well so uh the casino tables young and montero's I'm going to to to to to to I'm going to really date well uh I mean I mean um myself. They They They They They They call me. Mr Tibbs mr Tibbs mr Tibbs mr Tibbs mr Tibbs mr Tibbs Sydney quick to to to to to to remember that. Yeah. And it's and it's and it's and it's and it's and it's it's it's it's it's it's well so so you know you know Sydney. I like I like I like I I I I I I like I like I like to pronounce it. Mr. Sidney Poitier what he really gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta you gotta really get you know uh um so okay into and a pause pause pause pause pause pause in between there. Let's get out. There's a problematic so um well okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean pause as they surged about. It wasn't it wasn't it wasn't it wasn't it wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't it wasn't a stage and Screen. Yeah, stay stage well I mean well so like and and and and and and screen if you wish and there you go you are without electricity today. Well so um um um um um um okay um. So we're going to try to make this a brief show. I know know know know know know you're okay so so um I mean working on battery power over there. There there there there there. So I so I so I so I so I so I have a good signal and and and and and and I have um like like I mean well plenty of power. So I think we're good to go. And so we are good to go. We are speaking.