Before we before we before we before we before we before we get jumped into this first first first first first first episode just want to shout out. Thank you okay well uh so so so so so so so so much for tuning in listening. We hope you like it. We hope you you you you you you enjoy okay I mean like okay okay it. If you do, please please please please please please leave a five-star rating subscribe to our podcast that will I mean um um well well well well well well you know really help us out especially here in the beginning. We're trying trying trying trying trying trying we're trying we're trying we're trying we're trying we're trying to grow this okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay okay I mean thing. This first one really is just us talking talking talking talking talking talking about some stories going I mean like um like so to get you, you you you you you you know a feel for what we're going to be doing okay like uh like so so so so so so with this. We hope we hope we hope we hope we hope we hope you like like like like like like it. Also a also a also a also a also a also a big shout shout shout shout shout shout out to Eric you know like like um okay case dude. Thank you thank you thank thank thank thank thank thank you thank you thank you thank you so much for the software that you've recommended recommended recommended recommended recommended recommended gotten us past our um um okay I mean you know first couple couple couple couple couple couple of weeks of difficulties, but I think we're on the right track so like like like like like like I mean okay like now also forgive us for the sound quality at the the the the the the moment. That's something we're well uh uh uh so working on. We're we're learning. We're We're We're We're We're We're trying to figure out how to edit it like uh okay okay you know and and and and and and smooth everything out that's best for your ear holes so that you okay so so so so so so so I mean like can enjoy the podcast as much as we do. Thanks for hanging out with us again. Like the podcast subscribe to.