What's up, everybody? Welcome to the in the dome podcast podcast body are you you you you you you doing like well um okay okay hey, how you doing? I'm pretty good myself. All All All All All All right. What do you want to talk um so okay I mean um about about about about about about today? We got a breakdown. I know there's not much stock boat. We still still still still still still we still we still we still we still we still haven't broken down well well well well well well well so uh uh the Columbus game, but cardiac / comeback kids come come come come come come back. You know what that I mean well I mean well okay game room. Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, I believe off the where we thought we were talking about I mean okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh so a couple of episodes ago were talking about house like a toxic relationship and and and and and and so like I mean um like I was starting to get sucked back in. Yep. Yep Yep Yep Yep Yep. And then I think like so I mean uh like you were to to to to to to it's like when fully back on board is fully back with I mean okay I I I I I I mean so so the Calgary Flames right now to start that podcast. I was was was was was was like, I'm not I'm not well um well so um falling for it. It it it it it. I've been hurt too many times by these guys, but by the well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay end of that podcast we switched but I was still whatever. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I'm fine. I'm I I'm I I'm I I'm I I'm I I'm I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh you know okay I mean told I'm fully back. You're fully back. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm proud. I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not fully fully fully fully fully fully back. They've sucked they've sucked they've sucked they've sucked they've sucked they've sucked um I I I I I I mean so so um me in that Columbus game. Got me got me me me me me me got me got me got me got me back to being like, I think I'll die for this team. I think throughout all this up and down.