What a paper change welcome to another episode today. We're going to talk about the the the the the the I mean well okay well you know gross margin impact of a successful launch launch launch launch launch launch of the Plaid mode Model S and plasmid model um um so so so so so so so so X on Tesla by this is something I'm really really excited about from a financial financial financial financial financial financial well um you know so so perspective. So going so going so going going going going going going so going so going so going to nerd out on this shout out to the the the the the the third row podcast. I you know well uh like well came up the idea for this this this this this this episode. We were just recording and we're talking about I mean well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean well this new track package that came out for the model 3. It's like it's it's it's it's it's it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like a $5,500 um you know know know know know know well uh I mean upgrade where you can basically get these really cool looking new new new new new new tire. Hours so I mean you know uh like for your performance model 3 which which which which which which already cost 60 Grand and then you pay five and uh like like well well well well well well like a half Grand more for these new tires and these brake pads pads pads pads pads pads which are geared to uh I mean you know well like make it perform perform perform perform perform perform better on the track. It's gotten some awesome reviews. So that's a really uh um um um um um um um okay um cool thing. And I was just thinking like wow, there's so much much much much much much opportunity like um like uh uh for Tesla as sort of this luxury Performance Brand Brand Brand Brand Brand Brand to upsell all of these fancy new okay like uh okay well features and and and and and and services that sort of Die Hard fans and like Tesla nerds would love love love love love love I mean like you know you know I mean and the track package is is is is is is one example, but what I think is an even bigger example of this trend and what's really going to happen in late 2012.