Today's episode of the Hatchery podcast is brought to you by Luxor technology North you you you you you you know well like um um America's largest mining pool lectures goal is to operate operate operate operate operate operate enterprise-class mining pools with professionalism okay I mean I mean like like and an intense intense intense intense intense intense customer focus. They provide a top-notch user experience and have a um like like like like like like well you know okay great selection of pools for you to mine to from a variety of of of of of of notable like uh like like okay altcoins to Big Daddy Bitcoin for which which which which which which they launched their mining pool in October. So so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so um well okay well be sure to go and check check check check check check them out. We are incredibly grateful that well okay uh like um Luxor Luxor Luxor Luxor Luxor Luxor is chosen to sponsor the show going into 2020. We would love it uh so like like like like like like so so if you as listeners would support the show by Ting them you can can can can can can find so uh um I mean so them online at Luxor dot Tech and give give give give give give them a follow on Twitter at Luxor Tech okay so well well I mean mean mean mean mean mean Team. Hey, everyone Thanks for tuning into the hash rate podcast the best I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well um I mean crypto mining podcast in the history of the the the the the the world on today's episode mean hash and um um um you know I I I I I I mean I are joined by mr. Seth Estrada. We talk about building communities around proof proof proof proof proof proof of okay like like well you know work projects. We talk we talk we we we we we we talk we talk we talk we talk about masternodes. We talk we talk we we we we we we talk we talk we talk we talk a little bit about Prague pal and and and and and and I mean like uh uh you know mean hash has an epic rant rant rant rant rant rant on the inclusion of big Tech into the well um you know um so so so so so so crypto space. So I hope you all enjoy this episode. If you would please leave us a rating.