What is what is what is what is what is what is up guys? guys guys guys guys guys This is Stu is what the fuck Jim talk. So I you know okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh okay made a post the other day about the you know, I even made made made made made made a podcast it was okay okay well you know well probably one or two podcast back back back back back back now from here maybe but about you know, your so so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know gym not being the best our today, you know, I think it it it it it it should be more like uh you know well uh of a pillar of the schedule schedule schedule schedule schedule schedule and I made this Instagram post and I dropped it in um um um um um um um like like um a couple of Philly at owners groups. And anyway, and anyway, and and and and and and anyway, and anyway, and anyway, and anyway, obviously you can imagine the so like I I I I I I mean okay okay feedback was was was mixed and one individual this Rob he he he he he he owns a I mean okay well uh um gym. I believe it's called CrossFit rise again. Again again again again again. I apologize Rob if I'm fucking that up. You uh so uh okay you know know know know know know know, he shot me a DM and you just like bro. I don't don't don't don't don't don't I don't I mean I mean like uh I mean agree. I think I I I I I I think I think I think I think I think this argument is pointless. I don't don't don't don't don't don't get it. You should strive okay like okay you know um to do both like like like like like like and he just didn't agree with it which was but like um so so like like like like like like he reached out to me and show me a DM and I do what what what what what what like you know um so like I typically do when I hit him him him him him him with an audio message and explain my okay okay I mean like um position and you you you you you you know next thing, you know, we're back and forth with well well you know um um um um um um uh a few audio messages and the guy, you know, we're we went from adversarial to you know, I probably go get a beer the.