Hi all 90-day Bri here with your tea on AfterBuzz TVs. 90-day fiance News daily. Daily daily daily daily daily. Well uh well uh well uh well uh well uh well uh um so so so so so so okay. We haven't gotten to see much of Stephanie on the new season of uh like like like like like like uh you know um a for the 90 days, but we know that she has a a a a a a plastic anemia that okay well like well like her girlfriend from the show lives lives lives lives lives lives in Australia and that her family is like um um okay so unaware that she's she's she's she's she's she's dating a woman what you might not know about Stephanie like you know you know know know know know know well like though is that she sells naked photos of herself online. That's right. Stephanie Stephanie Stephanie Stephanie Stephanie Stephanie has a patron where um you know okay like I mean she has content. Content content content content content. That's a that's a that's a that's a that's a that's a bit risque. It seems seems seems seems seems seems some people may have like so uh like like found this out though as Stephanie Stephanie Stephanie Stephanie Stephanie Stephanie took her Instagram stories to lay everything out. Uh you know you know um um um um um um uh. Out she states that she is not ashamed of this content and that uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know you know you know having the patron has financed financed financed financed financed financed her documentary as well as other creative projects and like uh well um I mean mean mean mean mean mean it's also helped her income in general. She ends it saying I'm a hello you you you you you you know okay so well okay an advocate a writer a content creator a dumbass. Dumbass dumbass dumbass dumbass dumbass. I'm allowed to be everything. So so okay you know okay. I'm allowed to love love love love love love whoever I want. I am not definable good for you girl. Well um um um um um um you know so uh. A woman should be allowed to do whatever she wants with with with with with with her body and I mean I mean uh so um her patreon is 18 plus. Plus plus plus plus plus. So not just anyone can watch if you want to support her and her Patron head over to patreon.com.