Hey, Joel, since we just finished our podcast. How are we going to to to to to to upload this so I mean okay uh so stuff? You haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor dot. F m-- Nah, man. What is it all uh so um you know know know know know know like about Oh Sees easiest way to make a podcast really so well, first of all, all, all, all, all, all, it's I mean I mean um I mean I mean completely free. Free free free free free. You don't go to pay nothing. Really? Yeah. So are we just so so so so so so I mean I mean I mean well dumping the audio on the Internet or is is is is is is there a ways to do things like I mean okay like uh with with with with with with it then? Oh, no anchors got creation tools allow you to so okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay well record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. Wow. Wow Wow Wow Wow Wow. That is um um I mean okay well so awesome. Yes. Now is it? It It It It It It just on anchor or does it go anywhere else so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh so so after you post it? Well, once you post anchor anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute it out you know like okay uh I mean so I can be be be be be be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch more places. You know I mean so so so so so so like like. You don't have to do anything but post it to Anchor. Awesome. Is Is Is Is Is Is well uh uh you know um there any way to make money off of of of of of of it? Yeah, you can make money starting okay uh you know so I I I I I I mean with your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can make money right away. You You You You You You I mean so you know um um can start making money man. That is is is is is is awesome. So what you're saying is I mean you know you know well so so so so so so it's everything you need to to make a podcast in one place. That's exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly that's exactly that's exactly that's exactly that's exactly that's exactly what I'm saying. Wow. So download the free anchor app or go to.