Spoiler alert, spoiler alert, spoiler alert, spoiler alert, spoiler alert, spoiler alert, I'm doing some some some some some some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if you um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported reported reported reported reported reported I reported I reported I reported I reported I reported that I mean well well well well well well I mean you know you know Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something something something something something something with a production crew Link in the description like okay so uh like and and and and and and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie was certainly going going going going going going to okay okay you know well so be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead dead dead dead dead dead because Claire Crawley was okay okay you know okay you know announced as next season's season's season's season's season's season's leading woman. So let me get this straight. Maddie was filming uh okay well um okay okay okay okay okay okay something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so she has to I I I I I I mean um uh well like be the winner of this season, right? Is there there there there there there any other reason Maddie would have I mean I mean well I mean um been been been been been been filming this is unconfirmed. But as of right now I see no other other other other other other like um like like um explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let me know your your your your your your thoughts down in the okay like you know like I mean comments below. Below below below below below. That's all that's all that's all that's all that's all that's all I've got for for for for for for today on Bachelor News Daily. But if you're well you know uh uh uh uh uh uh well um new to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep dive on her earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier today. So I mean well I mean uh okay check that out on this channel channel channel channel channel channel and make sure you check okay so well um so out our Bachelor after show show show show show show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.