Wealth from wealth from wealth from wealth from wealth from wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time Proverbs um like you know well well well well well well okay 13 11. I read a story recently about a 24 year old who went to to to to to to I mean uh you know I mean I mean visit a financial planner planner planner planner planner planner the financial planner asked to see her spending habits the author so um um um um um um um so well of the article shared that through to over the phone sessions in a a a a a a couple of um I mean uh like so weeks of financial reflection. She She She She She She found that she didn't have to give up things. Um you know you know you you you you you you know uh. She really loved to save money that realization helped her get past past past past past past Financial anxiety I mean you know I mean you know so and helped her to make productive productive productive productive productive productive spending cuts during the sessions. Which each lasted okay like okay well so about an hour hour hour hour hour hour they discussed her background shared screens to look at a monthly well so well well well well well well like like credit card statement and addressed goals for the week. The financial accountability accountability accountability accountability accountability accountability was like like I mean like um intended to help her prepare and and and and and and save for the future. It's encouraging to know that you know so you know know know know know know um so the Bible is full of wise advice on how to handle and and and and and and how to view you know so okay well uh Money In fact money is mentioned hundreds hundreds hundreds hundreds hundreds hundreds of times in the Bible including the um uh well um you know verse verse verse verse verse verse from Proverbs we heard today. Let's hear it again wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time. It's also important to remember.