Before we before we before we before we before we before we get started today. I I I I I I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly about uh I mean okay I I I I I I mean um Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and so so so so so so I mean uh okay I mean podcast and one place that's for free. Free free free free free. You don't even need a premium I mean well so like you know account and and and and and and that is great because let's face it. We are all trying okay you know um um um um um um okay okay to save a little bit these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your your your your your your well so um so so favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode you can can can can can can share whatever you're listening um uh well um uh to with your friends on Instagram and and and and and and premium users can even download episodes to okay I mean um well okay listen to to to to to to offline wherever and whenever you are if you're like me, well like uh you know so you you you you you you probably have too many. The apps the apps the apps the apps the apps the apps apps apps apps apps apps downloaded already but this one is I mean you know so okay uh actually useful. Useful useful useful useful useful. So if you haven't done so already download the Spotify app search well so so so so so so okay well so for your favorite podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts in in in in in in the you well I mean you know uh like are Library tab. Also, make sure to follow follow follow follow follow follow us on there. So you never miss an well so so like you know know know know know know episode of optimal living advice. That being said, let's get into today's episode. Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, I mean well uh um well everybody Welcome to episode 45 of optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal living advice the podcast where we take like uh uh well um um um um um um any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.