Hello Madge fans and welcome to Mage the podcast the podcast that works works works works works works hard um you know uh well you know towards Ascension. So you don't have to to to to to to I'm your host Adam Simpson and so so well I mean I mean I am joined joined joined joined joined joined by terrie Robinson. And today we are going to talk about the dream like um um um um um um like okay okay speakers in another episode of tomes of magic. But before we do, do, do, do, do, do, I thought uh um I mean so I mean it might be nice to cover cover cover cover cover cover some announcements and also Terry how you doing. Like so like so like like like like like like so like so like so like so I mean well uh. I am doing doing doing doing doing doing fine. I was on the Midnight Express podcast to talk about the so I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay okay I mean woo Kang now we talked for almost two and and and and and and a A half hours just uh well like well I mean about the Wu-Tang because B ches ches ches ches ches ches discussion of the Hem Caso back where they take well you know uh so um it it it it it it where he takes 18 pages of material and talks about that for uh um well so so so so so so I mean two hours wasn't quite enough but the key mistake I made was was was was was was I forgot that Australian um well well uh like summer time and North North North North North North American summer time do not occur at the same time. You know you know you you you you you you know you know you know you know uh like okay uh. So I'm so so so so so so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm like, let's figure out a a a a a a time to record what will be good you know you know uh like you you you you you you know and I'm like 9:00 p.m. Your time sounds good and I work work work work work work backwards and like so um you know um well I can wake up at that that that that that that point you're in this portion is bloody. But and but and but and but and but and but and then only later did I find out that.