Hey Tim here from the Sun solar panel podcast. If you if you if you you you you you you if you if you if you haven't heard about I mean um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh anchor get it is the easiest way to make a podcast. I want I want I I I I I I want I want I want I want to explain. Okay well okay well okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay well okay well like like you know. It's actually where we host our our our our our our podcast at for one. It's free. There's a there's a there's a there's there's there's there's there's there's a there's a there's a well okay okay I mean I mean creation tool that that that that that that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or okay so you you you you you you know well I mean your computer if that's how you want to do it. That's That's That's That's That's That's not how we uh okay okay okay I mean do it. But I but I I I I I I but I but I but I but I suppose you could anchor will distribute your your your your your your podcast for you. So like so like so like so like so like so like like like like like like you know uh well I mean it can be heard everywhere. That's Spotify. That's That's That's That's That's That's Apple that's Apple that's Apple that's Apple that's Apple that's Apple podcast Stitcher many many many many many many many more you know well I mean so uh and you can make money. From your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything okay um okay well you know know know know know know you need to make a podcast and one place. So go so go so so so so so so go so go so go so go ahead and download the free well well well well well well well um um um anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Started started started started started. And now for you know well I mean you know okay the sun solar solar solar solar solar solar panel podcast. Hey, it's a spool back to tell you about our okay okay okay okay okay okay um well like you know friends at Spotify. That's right, you know Spotify for music, but but but but but but now guess what you can I mean I mean you know so uh find find find find find find all your favorite podcast there as well. You know, I love listening to my music. Music music music music music. I love I love I love I love I love I love listen to my.