Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if you you you you you you okay like you know so like want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this this this this this this season couple weeks ago. I reported that so so I mean okay okay Madison Pruitt Pruitt Pruitt Pruitt Pruitt Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew Link in uh I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay so like the description and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie Maddie Maddie Maddie Maddie Maddie you know um well so you know was certainly going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well Well Well Well Well Well that well that well that well that well that well that theory is officially dead because because because because because because Claire Crawley well you know okay okay so was announced as next season's leading woman. Woman woman woman woman woman. So let me get this straight. Maddie um like okay okay you know was filming filming filming filming filming filming something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so she has um I I I I I I mean like okay I mean to be the winner of this season, right? right right right right right Is there is there is there is there is there is there any any any any any any other reason Maddie would have you know like like uh um been filming this this this this this this is unconfirmed. But as of right now I see no other explanation unless well well well well well well well uh like you know y'all have other theories. Let me let me let me let let let let let let me let me let me know your thoughts down in the comments below. You You You You You You know you know well I mean so. That's all I've got for today on on on on on on Bachelor News Daily. But if you're new to I mean okay well I mean mean mean mean mean mean um Clare Crawley, I just did a deep dive on her earlier today. So So So So So So check so check so check so check so check so check so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean that out on this channel and make sure you you you you you you check out our Bachelor after show um I mean okay okay like live live live live live live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef graham. Graham Graham Graham Graham Graham. Thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.