Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler I mean well well I mean so in this podcast. What we what what what what what what we what we what we what we what we do is we we we we we we have top ten lists. These are like okay okay okay uh the audio versions of of of of of of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If you if you if you you you you you you if you if you if you enjoy okay you know I mean I I I I I I mean okay this show, please do consider leaving us a review on Apple podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts or Oye um so I mean well I mean podcast. Also, you are say hi hi hi hi hi hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter all of that stuff. Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay well um well you know. I am at Simon Whistler one word come and and and and and and say hi to me. Let like okay okay I mean you know me me me me me me know how you liked this show and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon I'm Simon I'm Simon I'm Simon I'm Simon I'm Simon with um you you you you you you know well I mean uh Slayer you're watching top 10 internet. And in and in and in in in in in in and in and in and in the video today. We're looking at um um um um um um well okay uh like the top 10 successful companies that started life as something totally totally totally totally totally totally different most of so uh I mean I mean so us go through through through through through through life and not knowing who we are or what we want you know like like like like like like I mean um okay to do at least until a few decades in we go go go go go go through many false uh like so okay um starts and travel through through through through through through many dead and paths until we find the one that's um okay well so uh uh uh uh uh uh truly right for us many companies are the same often times the most successful corporations corporations corporations corporations corporations corporations so okay so I mean well on earth started with one simple idea and are now vastly successful in a different area.