What's going on guys before we get started on today's episode. I want um you you you you you you know like well like to talk to you guys about anchor anchor is the app that that that that that that I use to uh okay um like uh record my episodes. It's the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make podcast. It's a hundred percent well you know well um so free free free free free free and it allows you to use tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit I mean okay okay you know uh your podcast straight from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer computer that allows you to record with friends okay I mean like so okay okay okay okay okay okay as well after it's been uploaded to Anchor and go will then distribute your your your your your your so you know um like you know podcast for you so I can be heard on on on on on on Spotify app a podcast and many more like I mean well uh I mean you you you you you you can also definitely make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything okay so so so so so so like okay you know you need to make a podcast in one place download the free free free free free free anchor app or I mean well you know okay like go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor dot fm to get started. Before I before I before I before I before before before before before before I before I start this podcast, I just want like okay like okay so to to to to to to let you guys know if you are listening to this podcast through headphones. I I I I I I mean so like so you know. I'm warning you right now. It's only it's only it's it's it's it's it's it's only it's only it's only it's only going through the left here. I want I I I I I I want I want I want I want I want okay I mean you you you you you you know you know like to believe because that's just the way my my whole setup. Setup setup setup setup setup. It works I uh I mean I mean like so guess but I'm going to try to figure out a way how to fix that. But I.