Yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's going on on on on on on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor like uh okay okay well it's it's it's it's it's it's the app I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to use it's I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know so okay well free and there's creation tools straight in the app that that that that that that allow you to edit your uh well uh uh okay podcast from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer computer and it will also distribute your podcast to Spotify apple well well okay so well and many many many many many many more without having to do anything which is great and you can make uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so like uh money from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also also also also also also great man. Like so so okay well. You gotta grind you got to get get get get get get to where you're going. So it's so it's so it's so it's so it's it's it's it's it's it's so it's everything you I mean um uh well well need to do all one one one one one one place and to download the app go to anchor on okay I mean you know so so so so so so I mean the App Store anchored on FM online to get Started let's get get get get get get in the so well like well I mean madness. What's going on? Everyone? Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob everything and YG. You're welcome you're welcome you're welcome you're welcome you're welcome you're welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to episode 2 of everything you know you know well I mean you know know know know know know and YG's Madness. I'm excited to get into it. The first episode alone did amazing. Amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing. Well I mean so so you know. I'm so thankful for you guys tuning in in in in in in and checking it out and reviewing it and uh uh um I mean um everything everything everything everything everything everything of that nature. I really really do appreciate it. And I and I and I and I and I and I genuinely hope you enjoyed it. But the.