What's up, guys? This episode of the podcast is brought to you by anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor um I mean um like I mean if you don't know about anchor it's the the the the the the platform that we use to make I mean well I mean so so all of of of of of of our podcasts and it is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let um so so so so so so um well you know me just break it down for you guys real quick. Quick quick quick quick quick. It is 100% like uh so uh uh free. There's nothing you have to pay pay pay pay pay pay for it comes with all kinds of uh uh like um I mean creation creation creation creation creation creation tools so that you can record and edit your podcast right from your um like like like like like like you know I mean like phone or your computer wherever it'll automatically distribute your your your your your your podcast for you so that it can uh you know like okay uh be heard heard heard heard heard heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast, wherever you want to put it you okay like um uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean can make money from your podcast right out the gate. No minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. You can start you know so okay um uh monetizing right away, which is super super super super super super awesome. It's literally everything that you need to like I mean I mean um um um um um um well make a podcast all in one place. So download the free anchor app well well well well well well you know um well uh or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get get get get get get started. Enjoy the episode guys shit like you know you know uh like out in in in in in in a box and I'll look this way too simple. That's fucking boring. You know like I I I I I I mean like you know. I'm not doing it. Okay. I just reason reason reason reason reason reason with myself like within a week of well well you know um so doing that that that that that that and then fucking a hundred thieves comes out with some shit so so so so so so so uh so okay like that. It's bullshit. It's what's under bro. Come on on on on on on son. The bomber jacket is sick though. I alright I will say it looks pretty tight. I'm.