Hello and welcome to another episode of the Future Socks podcast. My name is Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike I mean um okay uh um Rankin. I will I will I will I will will will will will will I will I will be your host this time around and boy. Do we have have have have have have a special so um like okay you know guest for you crystallinity from socks socks socks socks socks socks in the basement podcast. You can follow them like um well so I I I I I I mean on Twitter at Chris Ludacris. What's going on? I appreciate you jumping in in in in in in with us to I mean um like um um talk some White Sox baseball on on on on on on the future Sox podcast. This is going to okay I mean um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean be weird for me because I don't normally do interviews. I normally interview other other other other other other people. So you so you so you so you so you so you know know know know know know okay I mean like you know I'm going to completely screw this up mike. Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike. Appreciate you appreciate you appreciate you appreciate you appreciate you appreciate you having me me me me me me on the well uh so uh you know show. And yeah, we're excited over over over over over over at Saks in the basement right now where well you know um like um we've we've we've we've we've we've been doing this now for almost two years and it really is like a a a a a a so so well um you know Grassroots thing that I didn't expect to get get get get get get as big as it's turned into you know so like so like and and and and and and now we're you know, we got this live event of cork and you know well okay um um um um um um well Kerry the park on the 28th, and we're going to be trying trying trying trying trying trying out a live broadcast so like well well you know from there through the Pod Pod Pod Pod Pod Pod be nap and we're going to be going to two I mean like okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well shows a week instead of one and it just it's just it's a fun ride and it's great that we're growing just as the team.