What's up, everybody Anton curly here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast okay uh so well well in today's episode. We're going to talk about what what what what what what products you should not drop like I mean you know uh so ship now now now now now now when you're doing research and you're looking to get into e-commerce or build I I I I I I mean so uh so like a new store or launch a new product line. Line line line line line. There are three different um you know you know okay okay levels of where where where where where where you want to research to make sure you're choosing the I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh so well right products. Now, the now, the now, the now, the now, the now, now, now, now, now, now, the first level is the niche level. That's the that's the that's the that's that's that's that's that's that's the that's the that's the highest one, right? What type so um okay so well of of of of of of products do you want to sell and after you lock? Didn't you want to move move move move move move to you know I mean you know well uh the supplier level and make make make make make make sure that the suppliers you're finding are ones. You actually I mean um you you you you you you know like so want to work with if you want to make money doing this this this this this this and then um well you know you know I mean finally the deepest level level level level level level is the product level. So what I'm going to share with uh so I mean so so so so so so you know you in this podcast is what to look for at all three three three three three three levels to uh you know okay okay I mean make sure you're not wasting your your your your your your time. If you decide to build one of these so um so okay you know know know know know know stores and actually build a real business now before we get into it, I should should should should should should I mean um like like um let you know that if this all sounds good to you and you're looking to build your very own highly profitable semi-automated.