Hey guys, it's Tina from the high of scishow. If you haven't heard heard heard heard heard heard about anchor so um like uh um it's the easiest way to make a a a a a a podcast. Let me explain. It's a hundred percent like um you know uh uh uh uh uh uh you know free this creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right um like you know uh I mean from your phone, or you can do do do do do do it from your computer. Anchor we do the you know so I mean you know know know know know know I mean rest. It's going to distribute your podcast on most popular platforms, like apple apple apple apple apple apple podcast Google uh um you know I mean okay podcast Spotify and and and and and and many more on top of that. You can actually earn money from uh so I I I I I I mean so okay your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make make make make make make a podcast and one um you know like okay like place download the free free free free free free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get so so so so so so so so well well started. You're listening to the high up Sideshow a podcast that that that that that that allows people like you you know you know um uh you know and and and and and and me to invest our money in the more entertaining way. My name is I I I I I I mean uh well like uh Keen arrivals. I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm a I'm a photographer by the day, but I make most of my money money money money money money by well like um uh um flipping cards and this show I'll be sitting down down down down down down with you and sharing my like like so uh uh best practices. You learn learn learn learn learn learn my process the lessons. I've learned and more importantly who you I mean so um um um um um um like you know should be buying sup guys and welcome back to the show. It's It's It's It's It's It's your boy. Keen arrival isn't I'm back today with another episode over the last few days. I've noticed that too.