Hey the meaning of fans on dressed in rb3 here to talk to well well well well well well okay uh so so you about the anchor app. If you if you if you if if if if if if you if you if you haven't heard about anchor it's the like like like like like like like you know so okay easiest way to make a podcast. Let me tell you you you you you you why first of all, it's well I mean so uh so because it's free. Also, there's there's there's there's there's there's a lot of creation tools that allow well well well you know you know you to to to to to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer and okay uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know so anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it could could could could could could be heard of Spotify well like okay um uh Apple podcast Stitcher or any any any any any any pod catcher out there. Another thing another thing another thing another thing another thing another another another another another another thing is you can make um um so um uh money from your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and there's no minimum. Ownership required is everything you need to make so so so so so so like like you know well a podcast all in one place? So check so so so so so so check so check so check so check so check out anchor download the anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or check like I mean you know well okay out anchor dot f f f f f f m-- they have all the information there for you right I mean I mean well well well well well well I mean uh there. So do so do so do so do so do do do do do do so do it, you know, when you do the little like clip or whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever well okay like I mean uh just do talk about that for like that that that that that that like mid break part where okay so I mean um I mean you put like an an an an an an ad. Okay. Yeah. Well I can add and then you um you know um well well well well well well uh do the thing and then we get back into the show. Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, yeah, whatever. You've been doing that lately. Yeah, he'll do like a little clip of.