All right, you listen to this podcast right now. London is blue. And guess guess guess guess guess guess and guess and guess and guess and guess and guess what I mean okay uh um um um um um um so we host our podcast on anchor dot f m that's right. If you're looking looking looking looking looking looking to host um you know um you know okay your own podcast. This is is is is is is the easiest free way to get started this got uh well um so okay a a a a a a Content creation tool allows you to record and the podcast right from a phone. Phone phone phone phone phone. Okay like so okay you know. It's right don't even need a computer, but you can can can can can can do it there too. They'll um you know I mean well um also help you you you you you you distribute it which is probably the most challenging part, you know want well well well well well well uh okay um you know to mess with that. They got you covered and and and and and and get it right on a Spotify and apple okay you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean like podcast as well as any other place podcast or founds And you know know know know know know what, you um uh so well uh can monetize it to make a little cash for sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing your great content with the okay okay well you know so world everything. You You You You You You need to make a podcast all in one individual place. So, I so, I I I I I I so, I so, I so, I so, I mean uh like well like you know what what what what what what head over to your app store download the anchor a poor I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh like like okay head anchored on FM to get started. If you're ready to to to to to to launch your podcast and make so I mean uh well um it happen. This is is is is is is Reuben of the cheek. This is wien amazing so uh so so like amount. Amount amount amount amount amount. You're listening to the London is blue or cocks. All right, all right, all right, right, right, right, right, right, all right, all right, all right, Chelsea fans, welcome back to another episode of your favorite mid-week.