With traffic with traffic with traffic with traffic with traffic with traffic traffic traffic traffic traffic traffic errands and parking cars can be a chore but a great car can you you you you you you know um so um I mean be an adventure a getaway and a prized possession whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever your budget or family uh I mean um um well require. There's a there's a there's there's there's there's there's there's a there's a there's a there's a car out there. You'll love we're here here here here here here to help you find it. Like you know well you know like. I'm Todd. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Paul and this is the everyday driver car debate. I am so happy you know know know know know know you know well like like for you that you got the Lotus out the heating heating heating heating heating heating pads weren't you're I mean okay you know uh so happy for me. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm thrilled for you're happy for me. Honestly driving. Sports cars in you you you you you you know you know uh okay I mean the winter sort of revelatory isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't out but just driving it period it honestly I last um uh so you know you you you you you you know started it the day after Christmas because I had to get it out I mean I I I I I I mean well I mean uh of the garage and having some work done done done done done done start start. I'm trying to uh like um so um wrap my head around around around around around around this you started it last night started was the day like okay you you you you you you know you know okay after Christmas. So that's been like what three months as as as as as as of this report. Last I last I last I last I last I last last last last last last I mean like um well okay time. It moved was a month before before before before before before that. Oh my gosh. So the tires okay um okay like okay by the way, way, way, way, way, way, where there's one thing. I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I I I I I I mean I could tell mean granted so so so you know like it's not not not not not not a heavy car is true. I could I could I could I could I could could could could could could I could tell that the tires needed a kind of they needed to go in a circle for a bit.