Tony you tony you tony you tony you tony you tony you know, know, know, know, know, know, what's really exciting about about this podcast. It's going on. You know okay like like like like like like uh like. Well, it's well, it's well, it's well, it's well, it's well, it's the the the the the the Partnerships that we've had and and coming up in May of uh um uh uh uh uh uh uh so like our Partnerships are going to be under one tent do yeah. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so excited. You know like okay okay uh. I mean I mean I mean I I I I I I mean I mean I mean this is I think the first time ever right right right right right right we able like you know you know okay like to combine everybody together and and and and and and it's awesome. Right? So while we're at hair Love retreat in okay you know you know know know know know know um like May we're going to be we're going to be there with schedule. Is Is Is Is Is Is he you know I mean well um so going to be a salon? Because Because Because Because Because Because of because of because of because of because of because of course we going going going going going going to be there with okay so um I mean so her love Retreats. We We We We We We really Mega excited about that and we have Elizabeth I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean um I mean so here and Elizabeth is going to tell us like all all all all all all the details because schedule okay um well um so acidity in the very schedule schedule schedule schedule schedule schedule is City way, they're going to schedule a city like you know I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay well cares giveaway. Yeah, they're going to give away a ticket to handle of of of of of of retreat and like um uh uh um Miss Elizabeth phase want to give us us us us us us all the juicy details. Welcome Miss Elizabeth so well uh like like and today's so I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so excited schedule is to be so generous to do this. Well you know know know know know know um like um. Anyone can enter even if you've gotten a ticket, it doesn't matter its chosen at random.