What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 26 of the how to Hardscape podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast where so I mean okay um um we talk to you about how you you you you you you can start and grow your hardscaping business I mean um uh um well in this this this this this this week. We are we are we are we are we are we are going going going going going going to be tackling a marketing week. That um that um that um that um that um um um um um um that um um so I mean you know means every day this week. Week week week week week. You are likely going to get an episode based okay like uh you know um um um um um um on the topic of marketing. So we've got a lot of value come and actually this this this this this this well you know uh uh you know week is starting with today's episode is Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Morrison. Mark is mark is mark is mark is mark is mark is is is is is is actually a like like um you know okay longtime friend of mine. He works works works works works works he works he works he works he works he works for Intrigue media and and and and and and he's here to talk with I mean uh uh uh like us about acquiring the right right right right right right type of Clients for your business not just any clients, like I mean like like like like like like well you know but the best clients into your business. How do I identify them them them them them them and uh I mean so like um how to get them into your business as as as as as as leads and where to take it from there? uh so uh so uh so uh so so so so so so uh so uh so so uh like So an awesome interview coming up with with with with with with Mark Morris and here. I mean um uh uh well. So without further Ado here here here here here here is our interview with Mark Morrison today. I'm joined by uh uh uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay Mark Morrison. He is a business development manager for intrigued media a digital so I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know you know okay marketing services provider for businesses in Canada Marcus actually a longtime friend of mine, and he's here to talk with us.