Welcome to another episode of the top 10s podcast daily top 10 10 10 10 10 10 okay I mean uh okay okay lists. I'm your host Simon and in today's today's today's today's today's today's episode. This is this is this is this is this is this is the audio audio audio audio audio audio version of video like like well okay you know that we originally published published published published published published on YouTube here for your listening convenience. If you like uh so like like like like like like like okay this show, please do consider leaving us a review or ever get your your your your your your podcasts. That I mean you know okay I mean um would be awesome and let's get get get get get get into it. Hello. I'm Simon I'm Simon I'm Simon I'm Simon I'm Simon I'm Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Whistler you're watching top I mean uh okay I mean okay 10 internet. And in in in in in in and in and in and in and in and in the video today, today, today, today, today, today, we're looking at the top 10 real-life spy well like so uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean bungles on the 21st of July 1973 Israeli agents of The Mossad Mossad Mossad Mossad Mossad Mossad killed a waiter in um okay well I mean well Lillehammer Norway seeking revenge revenge revenge revenge revenge revenge for the 1972 Munich Olympics Massacre of Israeli athletes. The hapless you know so so so so so so so I mean like victim was innocent and had nothing to do with the terrorist attack. Attack attack attack attack attack. And the murder was um I mean um well um just another blunder by by by by by by a country attempting to conduct Spy Games over the years there have I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean okay well okay been some egregious Errors By secret agencies and and and and and and here we have 10 of those you know so I mean okay um Biggest Biggest Biggest Biggest Biggest Biggest Oops moments just before you get into the list. I will say that that that that that that this okay I mean so uh so is a collaboration with dr. Matthews has acne of history and headlines.com. So go over to.