Everyone welcome back to a conversation with the boys. You did. I'm them I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm them I'm them I'm them I'm them I'm them and um okay okay um um um um um um okay I'm Johan and this week. We've got we've got we've got we've got got got got got got we've got we've got a new segment, I guess. Yeah, so I so so so so so so well um like you know guess we're going to try and just talk about something something something something something something reason that's happened in uh uh um so like the news and I think think think think think think the bigger story which we thought like um you know you know well was was was was was was kind of entertaining was Donald Trump and Modi had a little chat together. So well well well well well well well well well like Trump went to India. Oh, yes Trump went to India and and and and and and then when I mean well so uh okay he was there, I mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, okay look before we These I know everyone like beats up so um well um okay okay okay okay okay okay on Trump all the time and we've tried to avoid it because they like well well well well well well um I mean like okay to be boring right now. I want to hear about this. This this this this this. Yeah, but this is I mean uh okay okay well hilariously like this is is is is is is hilarious. So I think I think everyone would have seen I mean okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean um uh the movie names and stuff. You're talking you're talking you're talking you're talking talking talking talking talking talking you're talking you're talking about Sachin Tendulkar and Virat Kohli, right? I mean you know know know know know know well you know I mean Yeah, and I mean like he tried his hardest to to to to to to get there like to talk about uh like so so you know them, which which which which which which is good. I mean who's having a leave the most unqualified person to um um um um um um I mean okay I mean you know talk about Cricket? Yeah. That's very very very very very very that's very that's very that's very that's very that's very very true. But man but but but but but but man but man but man but man but man he butchered be fucking me push it. Okay, you said.