Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly about Spotify like I mean well you know uh on Spotify. You can listen listen listen listen listen listen to all of your favorite artists and like you know like well so podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and one place that's for free. You don't you don't you don't you don't you you you you you you don't you don't even need a premium account and that uh I mean well like like like like like like uh is great because let's face it. We are we are we are we are are are are are are we are we are all trying to save a little okay okay okay so so so so so so well bit these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So you you you you you you never well like okay you know uh miss an episode you can share whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever you're listening to with your friends on I mean like so well you know Instagram and and and and and and premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever and and and and and and you know well you know um I mean whenever you are if you're like like like like like like me, you probably have too many. The apps downloaded already uh well okay like so but but but but but but this one is actually useful. So if you haven't done so already okay um so so so so so so so I mean download the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast on Spotify or browse browse browse browse browse browse podcasts in well I mean I mean uh um the you are Library tab. Also, make make make make make make sure to follow us on there. So well I mean I mean like um you you you you you you never miss an episode of optimal living advice. That being that being that being that being being being being being being that being that being said, let's get into so okay like uh uh today's episode. Episode episode episode episode episode. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode 46 of optimal living advice to uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean you know podcast where we take any questions you might might might might might might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.