Hello and welcome to patch and this is a podcast. That's about OverWatch. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm always so uh okay so um amazed with much League hosting skills, huh? I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm always I'm always I'm always I'm always I'm always I'm always amazed with your hosting hosting hosting hosting hosting hosting okay uh um you know um skills. I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, I mean, I mean, I wasn't really listening to you. I was tuning you so so so so so so you know okay like you know out. I've already I've already I've already I've already already already already already already I've already I've already listened to you enough the last two days, but welcome. We We We We We We have we have we have we have we have we have a uh okay so you you you you you you know um lot of stuff to go over today. Not really because we just watch watch watch watch watch watch the same well so I mean okay you know teams play for the last five five five five five five weeks, but we got hero pools now. Yeah. Uh okay well uh so. Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks both of you on the ends. The fuck do I was listening you know know know know know know uh um you know um back to the companion stream and you were like, like, like, like, like, like, oh, it's not that bad right well uh like you know uh on this pan. So So So So So So now so now so now so now so now so now you're actually targeting targeting targeting targeting targeting targeting me during the podcast when I saw well okay I mean okay so you you you you you you live say I did not that bad. But what I'm doing is I'm trying to to to to to to uh okay well well like dig into your own insecurities about picking Rhino. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so happy about it. Yeah hiring like um like so well happy with my selections about about about about about about you. You were the worst I couldn't think of uh so okay I I I I I I mean well to like, I woke up this morning. I thought about it. It it it it it. I was I was I was I was I was I was like all I play is hitscan Heroes.