You have you have you have you have you have you have not heard about about about about about about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast. Um okay um okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay um okay um okay well well like. Let me explain. It's a proof. Proof proof proof proof proof. There are there are there are there are there are there are certain tools that that that that that that allow you um um okay okay so to record and edit your podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute your you know um um um um um um okay like so podcast for you. So it so it so it so so so so so so it so it so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and and and and and and many more um so well uh um you can make money from your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need uh um so you know like like like like like like to make a podcast in one place. I want to ask you a question. Question question question question question. Are okay like I mean um well you living the life you want to live? live live live live live Everybody has everybody has everybody has everybody has everybody has everybody has a dream life. We We We We We We all so so um um like have that picture in our our our our our our mind not that life. You want to live my okay uh well I I I I I I mean so question to you is simple. Are you are you are you you you you you you are you are you are you currently living the life? Most people okay um um um um um um you know okay so would say no. Well why well why well why well well well well well well why well why well why the answers are often somewhere close to it seems you you you you you you know you know um well I mean impossible. It's too hard. It doesn't it doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't seem feasible. I don't have those kind kind kind kind kind kind of opportunities. I mean okay well well so. I don't have it in me. I don't have the necessary resources and the most common answer is I don't know.