You're listening to a purple Radio podcast with me probably share our for rights rights rights rights rights rights rights uh I mean you know you know okay you know reasons the music in this this this this this this this podcast is shorter than the original version on demand. You know like um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay. So a big warm welcome to my guests on the show tonight and a a a a a a a Colgan uh so like you know like like and loose and Berkeley the InStep presidents presidents presidents presidents presidents presidents presidents your oh, yeah, and of course, we've got a you know well you know know know know know know know I mean you know so lot of things to talk about We're not not not not not not not gonna get into it well uh okay like uh okay just straight away no first. First first first first first first. Of all just tell us about yourselves and ye I mean so so okay well well well well well well well I mean introduce yourself to listeners at home. I know I know I know know know know know know know I know I know I know I know you very well, but but but but but but but obviously people I mean like um so okay you know at home though. So So So So So So So yeah. Okay, I'll okay, I'll okay, I'll okay, I'll okay, I'll okay, I'll okay, I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll go first. Hi. I'm Hannah I'm Hannah I'm Hannah I'm Hannah I'm Hannah I'm Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah I'm Hannah Colgan uh um um well like I mean a second year from Hill bead bead bead bead bead bead bead studying physical geography from London. Yeah, that's it. That's great. Well okay uh okay so okay. Okay okay okay okay okay okay. That's great. That's perfect. That's what you wanted and you lose it. Hi. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm uh uh well I mean uh I mean Lucy. I said, I'm not sure sciences. Sciences Sciences Sciences Sciences Sciences Sciences. I'm also I'm also I'm also I'm also I'm also I'm also I'm also also also also also also also a second-year student from Hill beard. Me and Hannah live next door to each their last year. Yeah, and.