And we're and we're and we're and we're and we're and we're and we're live live live live live live live another episode of athletic insights. We're joined here by our guests Jackson Bales so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so so uh okay and Connor Kelley Jackson. How you doing tonight? Doing pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty good. How are well uh okay well like you know you? Good good, good good, good good good good good good good good, good good, good good, good good, good good, Connor, what's going on on on on on on on with you along grades? I thanks for having so you know um well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh me and Jackson on no. I mean, I'm really excited. This is the the the the the the the podcast. I you I you I you I you I you I you I you know know know know know know know like okay I mean um okay originally wanted to do back in January. So it's it's it's it's it's it's it's really cool. Nice little full-circle you know like I mean um okay I mean moment for for for for for for for the three of us to finally be able to do this and on okay um well well well well well well well well well like such a such a high note. Note. So for those of you you you you you you you listening at home uh um you know um um I mean both Jackson and and and and and and and Connor here are from Brockville and they'll both be playing in Nationals I mean so you you you you you you you know uh uh uh this weekend in Ottowa for men's you Sports basketball so Connor, Connor, Connor, Connor, Connor, Connor, Connor, why don't you you know you know uh I mean uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean just tell us a little bit about growing up and playing for the the the the the the the blues with um um uh I mean so okay Jackson, you know, so like yeah, like like like like like like like I said it back on my well like uh uh okay you you you you you you you know first podcast like me and Jackson kind of started this thing together like a big part of that because of our dads are dads became.