All right, I hate doing this but we got to pay the bills and and and and and and and I I mean okay okay so um I mean don't know how you're listening listening listening listening listening listening listening to this podcast right now. Thank you for listening well um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well by the way, but if you haven't heard about anchor it's the the the the the the the easiest way uh uh so like you know I mean to make a podcast. I know know know know know know know I know I know I know I know I know I know everybody's been been been been been been been locked up during this quarantine and a okay so so you know so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay few people have reached out to me and asked for advice on how to so so so so so so so well I mean like uh you know get their podcast started or distribute it it it it it it it out there and anchors uh I mean uh you know okay well the best way way way way way way way to do it. It's free. There's creation tools that allow you um um um um um um um um um um I mean well to record and edit the podcast, right? Your phone your your your your your your your phone your phone your phone your phone your phone your phone or your computer? You can can can can can can can well well okay so so uh have your fans leave messages. Thank you thank thank thank thank thank thank thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you to those those those those those those those of you that have well well uh okay well well been doing that that that that that that that by the way, keep them come and keep harassing us um um like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well you know and anchor will distribute the podcast for you and can be heard heard heard heard heard heard heard on Spotify Apple podcasts well uh I mean okay well um and a a a a a a a bunch more this so many channels that are podcast is on some well well well well well well well I mean like like you know you know of them. I never even heard heard heard heard heard heard heard of so it does the work for you and okay like I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can just hit the ground running.