This is your everyday positivity here on Vale. Hello. I'm Kate Crocker. I hope you're you're you're you're you're you're you're I mean you know okay I mean uh um well today. Do you think you you you you you you you are challenging yourself enough? I had I had I had I had I I I I I I I had I had I had a moment um okay you know you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean this week with my coach about accountability and I was really surprised. Surprised surprised surprised surprised surprised surprised. It's always I mean uh so you know um okay really surprising when you you you you you you you think I've got that bit sorted and I'm always really uh like well well well well well well well I mean okay so good at that and then someone asks you a question and and and and and and and you go like I mean I mean so uh like always like that. I think I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm good at that or the time actually good I mean so well um well well well well well well well okay at that so I have been challenged this week and And it's hard. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's hard like well I mean so well um pushing yourself through those challenges. It feels feels feels feels feels feels feels it feels it feels it feels it feels it feels it feels uncomfortable you get get get get get get get that vulnerable feeling around your heart I mean um like okay okay like and and and and and and and you your instinct says right. I need to move away from this. I like like like like like like like I like I like I like I like I like I like uh okay okay well well well well well well well so don't want to go there t harv Eker in his book. Book book book book book book. The millionaire mindset says like you know I mean okay I mean you know know know know know know know life gets easy when you do the hard stuff and challenging yourself is about doing doing doing doing doing doing doing the well well uh I mean you know okay hard stuff. So something so so so so so so so something so something so something so something so something so something is really challenging you you you you you you you at the moment leaning take it on and know that when you come out the other side.