Welcome to episode 155 of the Marvel Studios News podcast. My name is Sean Gerber Gerber Gerber Gerber Gerber Gerber Gerber um well like um okay okay joined by Paul Herman. How you doing? Paul? Paul Paul Paul Paul Paul Paul I'm getting over being sick uh um um you know um well and and and and and and and just getting over being sick. I'm fine. But just but just but just but just just just just just just just but just but just but just it's weird being sick you know so well well well well well well well so uh well and trying to recoup its weird. But I'm headed. I'm headed the the the the the the the right way. I'm so you know I mean I mean well like headed the the the the the the the right direction. I think I think I think I think I think think think think think think think I think I think so, but yeah, thanks for asking. I'm glad well you know so so so so so so so like you know okay you're on. On the mend we did a couple patreon exclusive shows shows shows shows shows shows shows over the weekend or so you know so uh well like Friday night and you you you you you you you were sounding a little rough. But at least you know, you so you know know know know know know know um um okay well stuck it out for our wonderful patrons absolutely over there, there, there, there, there, there, there, which I know they um so like so like uh appreciate so for this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode or actually before I get started with the episode like I mean you know well well well well well well well you know well make sure you're following us on our Instagram at Marvel Studios Studios Studios Studios Studios Studios Studios news. I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing doing doing doing doing doing doing I'm doing um like so um I mean well a lot of things over there there there there there there there doing daily MCU trivia, some of you are doing like um so so um um um um um um um uh very very well. Good job, but also we gave I put up a post on their a week or so ago offering an opportunity.