So in this episode, let's have a look at act 3 of Macbeth. First of of of of of of of first of first of first of first of first of first of so like like like like like like like um well well I mean all going to look at a summary of what what what what what what what happens in seems one I mean so like well well you know and two of of of of of of of act three scene one begins just after Macbeth has been crowned I mean okay I I I I I I I mean so okay like King Banquo speaks to himself. He's afraid the Macbeth has done something something something something something something something bad to so I mean uh okay you know um get the crown. He He He He He He He says he says he says he says he says he says he says I I I I I I I fear that place the most foully for it. I quote I quote I quote I I I I I I I quote I quote I quote I quote so like um like well you know still still still still still still still hopes that this means his children will be Kings Macbeth enters. He I mean I I I I I I I mean you know uh uh well calls bankroll his chief guests this implies that that that that that that that he still treats banquet like I mean well so um you know well his best friend. Friend friend friend friend friend friend. Of course that's out on a horse ride with fails. Macbeth and macbeth and macbeth macbeth macbeth macbeth macbeth macbeth macbeth and macbeth and macbeth and macbeth and macbeth and um uh um um okay okay speaks speaks speaks speaks speaks speaks speaks in another city liquid. He says he says he says he says he he he he he he he says he says he says that having the crown is not enough. Well you know I I I I I I I mean uh uh so. He must feel secure as king to be thus nothing but but but but but but but to be well uh like like well I mean safely. Thus Beth thus thus thus thus thus thus thus Beth thus Beth thus Beth thus Beth thus Beth thus Beth is afraid afraid afraid afraid afraid afraid afraid that the wise Banquo is a threat to his uh um uh okay okay um crown crown crown crown crown crown crown saying there is none but he whose being I do fear Macbeth noted so so so so so so so uh uh um you know um The Witches also prophesize the backwards Sons would be be be be be be be Kings and so he feels that they must be a threat to murder is enter the stage and.