Joe what is good y'all welcome to this week's episode of talks with uh um um um um um um um well okay like okay taboo. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to this week's episode of the podcast. It's Thursday man, Friday's Friday's Friday's Friday's Friday's Friday's Friday's like okay um like uh um tomorrow and you can smell it the weekends here here here here here here here and that's when you let okay you know so um I mean uh the freaks freaks freaks freaks freaks freaks freaks out the weekends for the freaks. Before I get into this week's so I mean so so so so so so so I mean I mean so episode. I just want to tell you that this this this this this this this Friday March the 6th. I you know um you know like so you know will will will will will will will be in Iowa City at Gabe's and then the next day of March I I I I I I I mean like well like well okay the 7th. I will be in Detroit Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan at electricity and both of those you know you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know you know shows are on the E - a store. I've always wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to play electricity. If really um like okay you know I mean like really really really really really really really excited to play that venue but today on the podcast. I want to like well well well well well well well you know I mean okay you know talk about fucking up and why it's okay okay okay okay okay okay okay to fuck up. Let's get let's get let's get let's get let's get let's get let's let's let's let's let's let's let's get into uh uh well like so I mean this week's episode. Are the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and the intro song this week is um so well well I mean so so so so so so so actually a song that a fan sent in that. I think I think I I I I I I I think I think I think I think I think all y'all are going to like, let's give it a listen. I need me a.