A Florida Desiree and Romi Rain and you're listening to people with Laura and and and and and and and romy. You know um okay so you know okay. It's a whole big mouthful. Mmm. Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm. Welcome to a mouthful with Laura and Romi. We are we are we are are are are are are are we are we are we are we are well like I mean so I mean um um um um um um um obviously starting our conversation with social media. Yeah, you just stumble in on this so so so so so so so so you know like you know like moment of Genius. Everybody did we did did did did did did did to there was like a sudden like hand in okay you know like uh uh well well well well well well well my shots, and he was feeding me like, you know something if uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so you know uh okay it's wow, it's like the clouds open open open open open open open and you're on Mount Olympus and it's just the you know like uh you you you you you you you know okay I mean two of us. Discussing the most philosophical explosive ideas of the day day day day day day day there um uh you know like you know uh are watching us like dance around around around around around around around with a microphone and then we just fade um you know like you you you you you you you know like okay into their lives. I love that. I hope I hope I I I I I I I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope that's how people see us in in in in in in in their uh I mean you know um well okay dreams now. It's probably how how how how how how how they see you. Don't you don't you must have like so uh you know you know know know know know know know okay a lot of scenes that open like that? You're a part of this. This this this this this this. Oh, it's just okay well like okay so you know like a myth girls like like like like like like like walking kind of in we're talking about those are well so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay some of my favorite scenes like, you know, the Gonzo's. Well, it's usually Gonzo Gonzo Gonzo Gonzo Gonzo Gonzo Gonzo a feature and okay I mean like like well I mean that those those those those those those those are the ones were just bright light beautiful girl over lit walking in a bikini suddenly.