Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler in in in in in in in this podcast. Okay well so uh like uh. What we what we what we what we we we we we we we what we what we what we do is we have top ten lists. These are are are are are are are the audio versions of uh like I mean um uh well our videos that that that that that that that were originally published on YouTube. If you enjoy this show, please okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so you know do consider leaving us a review on Apple podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts or Oye podcast. Also, you also, you also, you also, you also, you also, also, also, also, also, also, also, you also, you are um I mean well well so uh say hi to to to to to to to me on social media on Instagram Twitter all of that stuff. I you know well well well well well well well like I mean so you know am at Simon Whistler one word come and and and and and and and say hi to me. Let me so uh so you know well you know know know know know know know know how you liked this show and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon West West West West West West West Earlier, well uh you know I mean um so you're watching top top top top top top top 10 internet. And in and in and in and in and in and and and and and and and in and in the video today. We're looking we're looking we're looking we're looking we're we're we're we're we're we're we're looking we're looking we're looking at like okay like uh um okay the top top top top top top top 10 ways to manipulate your brain without using drugs number 10, the I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like okay uh strange link between infrasound and ghostly apparitions many people will will will will will will will tell you that at one point so like I mean uh uh like like like like like like like or another they have had some experience where they thought they heard a well like like like like like like like um uh so like sound when nothing should be there or they saw an apparition apparition apparition apparition apparition apparition apparition that led them okay you know uh you know so uh to believe that a place was haunted nearly always these stories involve the same basic details and structure people.