Hello again and welcome back everyone to episode 39 of Murphy's Law. This is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is this is this is Charles uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well you know uh okay Murphy hanging out as always with Charles villanueva. Villanueva Villanueva Villanueva Villanueva Villanueva Villanueva. We're super we're super we're super we're super we're super we're super we're super super super super super super super excited today. We've got a couple okay you know okay okay I mean um of of of of of of of a couple cool things to talk about including a an interesting scoop on Mandalorian Mandalorian Mandalorian Mandalorian Mandalorian Mandalorian Mandalorian you know uh like like well so season 2, but first we gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta check in with Charles and see what's going on well okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay um over in the Philippines. I'm not much is going on on on on on on on still saying The coronavirus care still okay you know so so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean happening, but we're still standing here. So let's so let's so let's so let's so let's let's let's let's let's let's let's so let's so let's fucking do this. I well um like well you know so so so so so so so want to hear scoop. Yeah. So this is this is an interesting one and something something something something something something something uh I mean okay okay like uh I've been working on for a while. Obviously you you you you you you you obviously you obviously you obviously you obviously you obviously you obviously you guys that that that that that that that have been listening know like you know uh well like well that Charles Charles Charles Charles Charles Charles Charles and I watched the Mandalorian for season Mandalorian. We both liked it a a a a a a a well uh like um like I mean lot but we aren't usually in the business business business business business business business of getting Star Wars scoops of like well okay so uh uh any kind and and and and and and and so before I share it with you. I want to make sure we know that this.