Beaver thought of making a podcast but had no idea how I have one um um um um um um um so well well uh uh word. Anchor anchor is the easiest way for you to start start start start start start start and make a uh I mean you know I mean so uh podcast. I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll explain I'll explain I'll explain I'll explain I'll explain I'll explain I'll explain you you you you you you you see with anchor you have creation tools available to you okay like like like like like like like like so so okay that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or computer. Okay well okay well okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay well okay well okay well like okay uh you know. Know know know know know know. And once and once and once and once and once and once and and and and and and and once you finish recording you let anchor take care of Distributing your podcast too too too too too too too I mean well okay um uh you know many different platforms, including including including including including including including Apple podcasts and Spotify. And it's that easy now I mean so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know not only is Anchor easy to use but it's profitable to with anchor it's it's it's it's it's it's it's possible for so like okay um um um you to make money talking about about about about about about about the things that you love with no minimum listenership. Well you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well. I know I know I know I know I know know know know know know know I know I know you're probably thinking to yourself. This is too good to be be be be be be be true. Uh okay like okay well okay. How much is it cost me to use use use use use use use anchor. Are you ready for this zero? you know you know you know you you you you you you you know you know you know you know um so okay um you you you you you you you know It does not cost you anything. Anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is free to use anchor really is the.