Hi everybody. I'm here to talk to you about anchor anchors our new so I I I I I I I mean I mean well you know you know podcast hosting service and they make things things things things things things things so simple. It's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's it's it's it's it's it's it's a One-Stop shop when it comes like uh so uh I mean uh to Distributing your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast to all the different platforms Spotify Apple podcast Google like I mean like you you you you you you you know well uh podcast. You name it? They've got they've got they've got they've they've they've they've they've they've they've got they've got they've got they've got a way to distribute to it it it it it it it on top of that. Okay you know like uh you know uh. They have they they they they they they they have they have they have they have they have they have editing tools baked baked baked baked baked baked baked right into the website makes life so much simpler back like well uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay when I started podcasting. It was an entire to do you had to to to to to to to know how to okay like like you know I mean like record it it it it it it it where to record it how to upload it pay for the um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um um hosting did I mention they're hosting is free and they they they they they they they will hook you up you know um I mean okay so so with advertisers advertisers advertisers advertisers advertisers advertisers advertisers so that you can make money download the anchor app or go so I I I I I I I mean um okay uh uh to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You're You're You're You're You're You're You're listening to the tenants like like well well well uh on the Kyle Dempster Studios Studios Studios Studios Studios Studios Studios Network support this and other shows at patreon.com forward so um like okay um well well well well well well well slash Kyle Dempster Studios, you could gain access to an exclusive new podcast okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay uh you know patreon only if you want to hear the inner workings workings workings workings workings workings workings of my weird mind, that's the place to go. We also we also we also we also we also we also we also have twitch coaching lessons.