Hey guys, I'm Megan and I'm Sierra. Welcome back to according to and okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh well okay in this week's episode. We are going going going going going going going to be talking about spring break because fitting okay like um um um you know race race race race race race race coming up. So angry is after you losing to this. It'll be we um you you you you you you you know okay like I mean I mean have week one week of classes still still still still still still still and then spring break is the week after like uh like you know uh uh that. That that that that that that. So March, so March, so March, so March, so March, so March, so so so so so so so March, however, I guess this is probably your weekly Spotlight. We just so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know you know like finished. Well, I finished all of my exams exams exams exams exams exams exams I have before spring break uh um well so uh like so next week. I I I I I I I just I just I just I just I just I just I just have a a a a a a a presentation for one of my classes see um you know uh uh uh okay your your your your your your your husband exam for a class that I'm not in but it's just like we're really like like like like like like like you know um um well I mean home free now, we've finished our last last last last last last last exam today, which is so so you know well okay I mean well uh nice nice nice nice nice nice nice because we had like straight Monday Tuesday Wednesday one exam each day. So I I I I I I I will so um like you know uh I mean say it was like the the the the the the the most stressful thing in the world because like it's really not uh so so well well well well well well well like you know like the hardest classes ever, but it's just kind of you know today today today today today today today and so okay um so uh um I'm out of the way especially because because because because because because because now that I feel like I um you know like uh uh um um um um um um um still don't know my grades are any of them technically, but I still feel like I did find an.