Guys, what's guys, what's guys, what's guys, what's guys, what's guys, what's guys, what's up up up up up up up want to take a quick second to let you guys well well well uh you you you you you you you know well know that our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If you haven't heard heard heard heard heard heard heard uh like uh I mean so um about anchor it's the easiest way to to to to to to to make a podcast. Let me let me let me let me let me me me me me me me let me let me explain it's okay well like like okay like free. Free free free free free free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from from from from from from from so well um so I mean so your phone or computer. I'm doing doing doing doing doing doing doing this ad from my phone as we speak. So I mean uh you know know know know know know know like I mean. Anchor Wilkins will distribute. Sorry your sorry your sorry your sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry your sorry your sorry your sorry your podcast for you. So it can be be be be be be be heard I mean I mean so you know you know okay on Spotify Apple podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with no uh um um um um um um um well okay uh you know minimum minimum listenership. Evidently, I can't talk. It's everything you you you you you you you need to make podcast in I mean um so like um well one place place place place place place place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- I mean you know know know know know know know um like you know you know to get started now back to the show. Show show show show show show. Wash up Walk-Ons fans. We have we have we have we have we have we we we we we we we have we have like like so you know well so a treat for episode 96 today over over over over over over over an hour of Shawn Welsh Hawkeye content you know like you know like so so so so so so so like the good old boy from Dayton Ohio a guy. We spent five years within the program made a ton of memories with knows everything that we went.