What up, guys? This is the Leafs convo pod cast for Oak Ridge Ford Ford Ford Ford Ford Ford Ford like like well well uh um in London, Ontario Oak Ridge Ford.com. I'm enje enje enje enje enje enje enje along with Mike. It is Thursday, March you know um um okay well well well well well well well I mean 5th 2020 the Leafs at the LA Kings this evening. It's a little little little little little little little pregame combo well okay well um like I mean for you Michael. We didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't we didn't we didn't we didn't we didn't we didn't we didn't get a a a a a a a chance to talk after the Leafs loss in you know well like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so like San Jose. But hey, that's okay. They had won three three three three three three three in a row prior uh well okay okay like well The Beat Goes On good good good good good good good morning Norm. Yeah, it yeah, it yeah, it yeah, it yeah, it yeah, it it it it it it it yeah, it does but you have to um so I mean like you know know know know know know know uh sort of reflect on the fact that the Leafs won three games in. Road Road Road Road Road Road Road that you know so you know like you know uh we're key games against against against against against against against teams that were at least on par with them Florida okay I mean I I I I I I I mean well you know uh a few points behind them Tampa Bay ahead of them them them them them them them in the Atlantic you know okay I mean so okay like division and Vancouver Vancouver Vancouver Vancouver Vancouver Vancouver Vancouver who was battling for a playoff spot in the Western Conference. They come you you you you you you you know uh so well uh well up against the team and they play three three three three three three three teams on this west coast swing that so well so so uh like are are are are are are are out of it that are basically, you know, playing out the string and they they they they they they they so uh well I mean like okay got outplayed dramatically by the San Jose Sharks. I have to say that Jack Campbell kept him in.