Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one I'm one I'm one I'm one one one one one one one I'm one I'm one I'm one of the co-hosts on uh you know you know I I I I I I I mean so like the boys podcast before we get this episode Ron. I really really really really really really really do want you know like you know like I mean you know to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk a little bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have a a a a a a a script okay okay okay okay you know so I will admit. So if you you you you you you you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way I mean you know um um um um um um um uh well so to make a podcast, let me explain. It's completely free. There's There's There's There's There's There's There's creation tools that uh okay uh well okay so allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor you know you know okay I I I I I I I mean you know so will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be be be be be be be heard on Spotify like okay so so okay okay Apple music. A podcast my bad bad bad bad bad bad bad and many more you can make money from you know like okay um so um um um um um um um your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's it's it's it's it's it's it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make a okay um uh you you you you you you you know well okay podcast in one place. Anyways, let's anyways, let's anyways, let's anyways, let's let's let's let's let's let's let's anyways, let's anyways, let's anyways, let's get this rolling. Hey guys, welcome back to the the the the the the the well uh I mean I mean like well podcast is the the the the the the the boys again. We got been your host Ethan Patrick. And of and of of of of of of of and of and of and of and of and of you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um um I mean course me. We're all the hosts. Obviously. We got we we we we we we we got we got we got we got we got we got four four four four four four four main hose the four main host. We got a couple guests Merit of their co-hosts. We got Mitchell Preston.