You're listening to come follow me weekly a weekly podcast with thoughts and insights for for for for for for for so uh I mean you know like well the come. Follow me lessons of of of of of of of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day saints. You know you know you know know know know know know know you know you know you know you know okay okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so. I'm your host Heather Webber. Thanks for being here with me this week. Week week week week week week. This episode is you know I mean well uh uh like sponsored by anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor is the app. My mom my mom my mom my mom my mom mom mom mom mom mom mom my mom my mom uses to make this podcast. So okay okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like. If you if you if you if you if you if you if you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard about anger, it's a pretty easy way to start podcasting. Uh you uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you uh you uh you uh you uh you uh you know uh like like like like like like like well I mean. Anchor is free to use and they have a creation tool that that that that that that that allows you so like well well I mean well to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anger will also uh uh you you you you you you you know well okay okay distribute your podcast for you. So it so it so so so so so so so it so it so it so it so it can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcast well like well you know um I mean and many more podcast platforms. Platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you you you you you you you need to make a podcast all I mean uh uh uh well you know know know know know know know in one place. Don't free don't free don't free don't free don't free don't free free free free free free free don't free anchor app or go to a Pratap FM to um well you you you you you you you know so well okay get started this week's lesson is entitled. This is the way and it covers second defy 31 through 33. Okay. Did anyone watch the.