All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, right, right, right, right, right, right, folks here. He is the big fella from the big North. We have have have have have have have we have we have we have we have we have we have you you you you you you you know so so um okay um brought him in yet once again and yet yet yet yet yet yet yet once again another action-packed power suit I mean I mean um like you know know know know know know know I mean Tyler had have you seen something this ridiculous? We asked Alex last last last last last last last week. Have I mean okay um um like um you seen this type of soup soup soup soup soup soup soup come in the studio? It's not ridiculous. I think it's you know um well well well well well well well well okay like a good-looking suit. I it's I it's I it's I it's it's it's it's it's it's it's I it's I it's I it's like a mix of Obama's beige suit and a like like like like like like like um I mean like so so J.Crew model. It's actually a J.Crew suit look, That That That That That That That you Tyler this guy is well so you know okay well um dialed in and and and and and and and now what it what is the flower there? It's a lapel like uh you know know know know know know know um uh um Rob. It's little it's little it's little it's little it's little it's it's it's it's it's it's it's little it's little lapel, you know, it adds a little flare a little spice. You You You You You You You know okay okay uh okay like. So you are and are you going to to to to to to to work right after this? Well, well I mean okay I mean uh uh yeah, you keep keep keep keep keep keep keep getting me right before my work shifts. So well, so you know so you know know know know know know know uh well okay what we're going to do here again, we got a couple action-packed okay like like like like like like like okay like uh so guests for you folks. We got a big before anything. We got a big episode coming out Tuesday with animal planet's Forest galante we brought.