What is everybody this is recovery when I'm Jay lag and I'm NB and and and and and and and I mean okay so well uh so this episode is recapping reviewing the season season season season season season season finale of see of chilling Adventures of Sabrina season um um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um 3 episode 8 and it's called chapter 28. Sabrina is Legend Legend Legend Legend Legend Legend Legend and don't well um so I mean okay I mean forget guys stick around for the the the the the the the any because we are going to go through our recap I mean well uh I I I I I I I mean well um roundups. Our best moments are best lines of the episode. So So So So So So So be sure to stick around like I mean so well um so for that. We We We We We We We also have our contest going on right now for a chance okay you know well so so so so so so so well I mean to win a $50 Amazon gift card and a pop socket. Socket socket socket socket socket socket. To enter just written uh uh so um I mean I mean comments on our our our our our our our iTunes page and you'll be entered in the draw. We're extending this you know uh well well well well well well well uh you know so contest to the end of Riverdale season for so we we we we we we we have lots of time as always um okay uh you know so well to or or or or or or or containing listeners in a brand new ones. Thank you for joining us. Don't Don't Don't Don't Don't Don't Don't forget okay um well okay like uh to like comment and subscribe to the the the the the the the channel. Let's get into the episode. Yo, I mean so well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so let's get into it the season finale. What do you think? It was like like like like like like like uh um uh um well it was good? It was it was it was it it it it it it it was it was it was it was really good. They're a couple things that that that that that that that I think well I mean you know I mean well I mean I would have wanted done differently. But yeah, I'm still satisfied with what we got and.