The truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth you're listening uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so so okay um to think fags. When big bank and DJ Scream Scream Scream Scream Scream Scream Scream laughing first class sounds is the uh so well so like like voice of DJ DJ DJ DJ DJ DJ DJ Scream big Bankers his time for another edition of big fashion um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so okay you know you know big bank. We got we got we got we we we we we we we got we got we got we got family in the building y'all nudity nudity nudity nudity nudity nudity nudity is on big fast, uh like um uh you know I mean nobody. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome. How you feeling, bro? Feeling good. Just nod just nod just nod just nod nod nod nod nod nod nod just nod just nod just nod his head ha okay I mean so so so so so so so I mean I mean like ha ha. It's a conversation. This ain't no interview. Interview interview interview interview interview interview. I think this is just a um so like um um so conversation. It's like like like like like like like talking to you know, one of your partner and well, why okay like like I I I I I I I mean well um don't women man talk real talk, but one thing you got got got got got got got to do we know uh like I mean like um um you're you're you're you're you're you're you're going to do is just addition is swear that you going to tell okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like so well well the truth the whole truth nothing, but it was just just just just just just just big fast tradition. Can you know I mean I mean I mean um so you you you you you you you do that? Hmm? Okay. All right, cool. So what we left off last um I I I I I I I mean so well um uh time we talked it was just just just talking talking talking talking talking talking talking about you and wrapping okay so um um I mean so and being Rapper and how how how how how how how you like you Embrace certain parts of it, but certain parts of okay like I I I I I I I mean um um I mean it you like. So what space are you in now with just the whole rap shit, by the way,.