Hey gang JV here due to its length. This episode of Beyond reality you you you you you you you know uh like uh okay uh has been divided into two parts. This is is is is is is is part 2 in which we talk uh you know um like like I mean about Tim Tim Tim Tim Tim Tim Tim Cohen's book The Antichrist in a cup of tea and which Tim Tim Tim Tim Tim Tim Tim like I mean you know well um like not only claims. The Antichrist the the the the the the the Antichrist the Antichrist the Antichrist the Antichrist the Antichrist the Antichrist is already Among Us. He He He He He He He actually he actually he actually he actually he actually he actually he actually actually actually actually actually actually actually identifies so I mean like uh uh you know him both are fascinating discussions. Discussions discussions discussions discussions discussions discussions. So, please enjoy them and thank you for your I mean uh well so so so so so so so you know um support. The night may be long and the dark maybe deep deep deep deep deep deep deep but the answers are there uh well well like I mean like to be found found found found found found found whether it's the normal the abnormal or the Paranormal you're uh you know um um um um um um um so like um in the right place. Let's go beyond reality Our Guest Tim Cullen Cullen Cullen Cullen Cullen Cullen Cullen author of you know I mean like so so well several books, including the the the the the the the Antichrist in a cup of tea. We're going we're going we're going we're going we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going we're going we're going to be talking about uh so so so so so so so so so like okay that next. But before we do just a quick reminder go to YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube like well like you know uh so If you haven't found our YouTube channel channel channel channel channel channel channel yet and subscribe just search for JV I mean like okay okay well well Johnson Johnson Johnson Johnson Johnson Johnson Johnson when you find it hit the Subscribe button. There's no Gation no fee. Okay um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um like um. It's all free and there's about 550 or so back episodes of Beyond reality on the.