Hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's Deanna from Midwest Chicana. And I am here to tell you know like um um um um um um um well okay uh you about the amazing app. I'm using right now. It is is is is is is is called anchor this okay I mean well you know well okay is the the the the the the the app. I use to create my podcast and I heard about it um so so so so so so so um um so well from a friend of mine who actually does it as as as as as as as well because I thought uh okay well um well so at first oh oh oh oh oh oh oh my gosh, I want to do a podcast. But how am I uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um like going to do it? I have I have I I I I I I I have I have I have I have I have no equipment. I have no money and so so so so so so so well um you know I mean okay I want to ensure that all our our our our our our our voices out here in the Midwest get heard um you know um well so uh and and and and and and and how do we do that on a platform without spending a lot of um um um um um um um um um you know you know well ton of money, especially when you don't know what what what what what what what to do. So she so she so she so she so she so she so she she she she she she she told I mean I mean well like um uh me about anchor it's absolutely free. Free free free free free free. There's creation tools that allow you to record you know like you know so like like like like like like like you know and edit your podcast bright from your phone or computer anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your like you know okay I mean um well podcast for you so so so so so so so we can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more like you know like you you you you you you you know um I mean and you can make money with your pockets, which is the the the the the the the most amazing thing I mean you know like uh well uh ever with with with with with with with no minimum listenership. So if you're ready, I'm going to tell you right now now now now now now now um like uh uh like like to just do it. It's everything you need to to to to to to to make a podcast in one I mean so okay well so well place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.