I did not have sexual relations with that woman. Yes or no. Did Did Did Did Did Did Did you ever take banned substances I mean you know so well you know like like like like like like like to enhance your cycling performance? Yes. I had no prior knowledge of the planned assault assault assault assault assault assault assault um I mean um so I mean I mean on Nancy Kerrigan. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm deeply I'm deeply I'm deeply I'm deeply I'm deeply I'm deeply I'm deeply sorry for my my my my my my my irresponsible and selfish behavior. I engaged in. Um so okay you know okay you you you you you you you know. Ladies and gentlemen, it is. Oops the podcast we are joined as always always always always always always always by well you know uh well um well Francis Ellis. Hey, I'm hey, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm hey, I'm hey, I'm hey, I'm hey, I'm hey, I'm here and we have a a a a a a a special guest today Mateo so like okay well um okay Lane High buongiorno. I done done done done done done done I done I done I done I done I done I done special guests have have have have have have have started 40 minutes ago, but I came uh like you know uh well well well well well well well like in with my PR person my lighting crew my director my I mean, uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so you know well I really divided up walking sure I did this Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Collins to but I mean I mean like uh so like to be be be be be be be fair when I was at his podcast like three years ago. I walked so you know know know know know know know so okay uh um in and he told me on the spot that it was was was was was was was going to be well I mean okay you know like you know on camera and it it it it it it it was Pouring rain. I look like shit Mike. You have you have you have you you you you you you you have you have you have you have to let like so I mean like you know well well well well well well well people fucking know you're going to be on fucking camera. I let him have it like 20 minutes.