This week's episode is all about working away from the home Mamas and and and and and and and the stay-at-home like okay so okay um uh moms. And we and we and and and and and and and we and we and we and we and we just kind of want to share share share share share share share our experiences since I stay uh I mean you know so okay okay at home home home home home home home with my kids Sam works out of the home and just kind of of of of of of of okay okay okay I mean so I mean bring a little bit of insight and show you you you you you you you that there are really great things. Uh you know um I mean so like. Like like like like like like. There are some really messy Parts about each roll. So go so go so go go go go go go go so go so go so go so go and do whatever you I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like you know I mean you know um do when you listen to podcasts whether whether whether whether whether whether whether you're cleaning your kitchen or throw your kiddos I mean so you know know know know know know know um so uh in their stroller and go for a walk and let's chat. Chat chat chat chat chat chat. Hey mamas, I'm so um you know like I mean um Sam and I'm Taryn Taryn Taryn Taryn Taryn Taryn Taryn and together. We're the messy Mama's we've created the messy Mama pod like so so so so so so so well like I mean I mean because we've both experienced the messiness that motherhood brings. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're completely unfiltered and you know so uh um like um unapologetically ourselves as we we we we we we we chat about all things motherhood. Once a month were like um um I I I I I I I mean I mean um going to be spotlighting one of you mama's so that you you you you you you you can share your like uh well uh well so story advocate for your your your your your your your babies and connect with the other messy moms in our community uh well um um um um um um um uh um um dry. Shampoo is our best friend in this shirt may or may not be Queen. Our lives are completely chaotic.