Welcome to the Chromecast the official podcast from chrome on box where we unpack so um um um um um um um uh so okay so everything from Hardware to software in the world of of of of of of of Chrome and Chrome OS so that um uh uh well you know I I I I I I I mean you can be more informed on all the latest updates changes and and and and and and and devices. You know you know you know you know you know you know you know know know know know know know you know I mean you know well I mean. This episode is brought to you by by by by by by by anchor when we decided to create a well I mean you know you know know know know know know know well you know podcast. We wanted we wanted we wanted we wanted we wanted we we we we we we we wanted we wanted to figure out the easiest way to do it. And anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor you know uh you know you know okay you know is exactly that they they they they they they they give you everything you need in one place for free so well like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know and you can use it from your computer or your phone. Phone phone phone phone phone phone. There are a couple things I mean uh okay okay I mean uh we really like like like like like like like about anchor they have some creation tools that allow you so well um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so so to record and edit your podcast. They'll distribute they'll distribute they'll distribute they'll they'll they'll they'll they'll they'll they'll distribute they'll distribute they'll distribute they'll distribute your podcast for you so that you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll well so okay you know so so be heard everywhere and they have some ways ways ways ways ways ways ways for you to make money on your okay uh you know okay uh okay podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with no minimum listenership. So if you want to give it a try and make um um um um um um um well you know so I mean like your very own podcasts We download the anchor a poor head over to Anchor FM. What's up everybody and welcome.