Hey guys, quick add break here to talk to you about anchor this is um um um um um um um okay I mean like well I mean the app that I actually use to make make make make make make make and distribute bitch work is how I first like um well I mean well okay got got got got got got got started with the podcast and it's so incredibly easy to use. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's an it's an it's an it's an it's an it's an it's an app okay so so so so so so so okay okay I mean okay you download on your phone it's free and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's essentially a creation tool that okay so uh um um like allows you to record record record record record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. You know you know you you you you you you you know you know you know you know you know I mean so okay you know know know know know know know well. Anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you. It's so incredibly easy so it can so um like I I I I I I I mean well okay be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and so much more bitch work work work work work work work literally got uh I mean okay so well so distribute it to Modify Modify Modify Modify Modify Modify Modify an apple podcasts within a day of me uploading my first episode uh well well well well well well well um um well I mean you can make money from your podcast on anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor with no minimum listenership okay um so I mean okay um and it's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you need to make a podcast and wine place. If you guys I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean like I mean want to get started making a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast or have an amazing idea download the free well I mean you know so so so so so so so you know like anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey guys. Okay okay you know uh um so. I am so excited to bring bring bring bring bring bring bring you this week's episode of a bitch um so uh I mean so I I I I I I I mean work podcast. I am here with yeren Kim and assistant editor at 17. We're actually.