What's up - Lapham. Welcome to taking sides the marriage podcast with Dylan and Ashlee Ashlee Ashlee Ashlee Ashlee Ashlee Ashlee like okay um um like uh of the - Lee's we are on a high high high high high high high right now. We just filmed one you know like you know so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay podcast with one of my heroes in this world Ralphie Jacobs from taking taking taking taking taking taking taking from okay uh um so well okay taking sides from Simply on purpose - - - - - - - we should ever on this podcast. So that's going okay uh you know like so so so so so so so so to be on big little life right now. We have all of your emails. Emails emails emails emails emails emails. Well uh well you know um you know. We're just going to go through them answer answer answer answer answer answer answer them with our heart. I'm really like okay okay you know uh well trying to to to to to to to answer these well for you guys down and I are just two uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean like okay so normal people. Or and we have our own own own own own own own struggles. So we're just going to tell you like so okay okay I mean well what we we we we we we we would hope that we would do in these situations. We would hope that um well well well well well well well I mean you know uh I mean we would do and will also tell tell tell tell tell tell tell you what we have done which was probably what you know um like well well well well well well well um like we hoped. We wouldn't do combined with some things. We've We've We've We've We've We've We've learned we've learned we've learned we've learned we've learned we've learned we've learned in in in in in in in marriage therapy like uh so you know okay well and books and all that good good good good good good good stuff. So without further Ado, let's get started by you know uh I mean like like like like like like like you know you know do it looks of mine with the stuff from books. Books books books books books books. Hey everyone, you're listening to taking sides with the - Lee's a show where couples and.