Hey everyone. I want to tell you about something that I like. It's anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor so um okay um well okay if you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast first you know so you know so so so so so so so well uh off. It's free doesn't cost you a dime. In fact, it can make make make make make make make you money. Okay so uh I mean so uh. There's creation tools that allow allow allow allow allow allow allow you to record and edit your podcast right so like like um like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh from your phone or your computer. In fact some episodes of Nintendo switch craft craft craft craft craft craft craft have so so well you know um uh been completely made on. My phone phone phone phone phone phone phone anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it so it so it so it it it it it it it so it so it so it uh uh so uh like I mean can can can can can can can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and anywhere else where you would download so so so so so so so you know I mean um okay so a podcast. This one's huge. You don't need need need need need need need a minimum listenership in order to Make well um you know uh you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh money from your podcast anger will sell the ads for you you record the ones ones ones ones ones ones ones uh so okay um you know like that you want and they go on on on on on on on your podcast. It's everything that you need to make um you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know like a podcast all in one place. So if you've always wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to start a podcast, but you know you know so uh um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean never known where to start now, you do download the free anchor app app app app app app app or go I mean I mean you know uh uh uh to Anchored on on on on on on on FM to get started today. On episode 484 of Nintendo switch craft Bill. Where Where Where Where Where Where Where the where the where the where the where the where the where the hell have you been.