We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about starting starting starting starting starting starting starting I mean okay well well you know like your own podcast, let me tell you you you you you you you something. If you haven't heard about anchor I mean like I mean uh um I I I I I I I mean is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's it's it's it's it's it's it's free uh so well okay so uh their creation tools that allow you to to to to to to to record and edit your podcast right you know well I mean uh okay uh from your your your your your your your phone or computer. They'll distribute they'll distribute they'll distribute they'll distribute they'll distribute they'll distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute they'll distribute your podcast for you. So you so you so you so you you you you you you you so you so you so you can be heard uh uh like like like like like like like like so like on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your your your your your your your podcast. Okay okay you know well um so. No minimum listenership. It's everything you need need need need need need need to make a podcast in one place. Like um like okay um um. So download download download download download download download the free acre app or go to Anchored ifm to get okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um like started. Hey, do hey, do hey, do hey, do hey, do do do do do do do hey, do hey, do you want to join in on the excitement Live Live Live Live Live Live Live join me uh well I mean um okay okay every Tuesday night 7:00 p.m. On On On On On On On the Chevy dude YouTube channel. If you can't make like um so uh so you you you you you you you know it check out your favourite podcasting platform at 6 a.m. Eastern time like um um um um um um um you know uh uh well every Wednesday morning. This is beyond where you'll learn tips and and and and and and and techniques on the car buying um uh so okay I mean well process. Us Us Us Us Us Us Us how to get the best deal what stands to watch out for and much more.