Happy birthday, the weed tube. You're two years old. And I love you. This This This This This This This is like well so you know um well fun to speculate a podcast where we we we we we we we speculate about wild and crazy ideas. And now and now and now and and and and and and and now and now and now and now well uh okay like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like here's your host Aaron Richard. Hi everybody Welcome to a brand new new new new new new new episode of fun to I mean so um you know well um speculate. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your host Aaron Richard and sitting next to me is producer vlad. I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean you you you you you you you know like I mean uh I mean. Hi guys. I'm back. Well, yes you were were were were were were were sick last for the last episode. Uh well I mean um I mean well. Well well well well well well. That's right. Yeah, because in the grand scheme of things we recorded it's actually uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean okay been a while since we like sat here to do do do do do do do and episode 2 because we so I mean I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know recorded so many episodes in like a three-day time span and we we we we we we we had a you know so like you know uh uh nice little break in in in in in in in between and now we have to catch up and record well um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay like one like every week or schedule another week of insanity. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's okay you know okay I mean um you know so though. I love love love love love love love this show. I love I love I love I love I love I love I I I I I I I love this show. I want this show. I well like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know hope everyone in the world listens to that's a little bit extreme, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, you like okay you know like I mean you know know, I hope hope hope hope hope hope hope a lot of people enjoy it. I hope we keep the topics you know so so so so so so so um you know like you know coming in good thought-provoking ways, and I just hope we always keep it entertaining for you. So, thank you.