These entrepreneurs these entrepreneurs these entrepreneurs these entrepreneurs these entrepreneurs these entrepreneurs these entrepreneurs are are are are are are are are one very Savvy some have been through it before some um you know know know know know know know okay so like I mean have been through multiple exits others. This is a a a a a a a first-time kind of thing, but they okay um okay so well so all have one one one one one one one common thread which is they know where there's a pain I mean okay um like like like like like like like I mean um in sports or Esports. They know they have a solution for for for for for for for that and they know that uh okay so you know like you know there there there there there there there are people willing to pay for that pain to go away. You're listening to so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay well well sports Tech feed the global Sports technology podcast. Fast Fast Fast Fast Fast Fast Fast that's right. You listen I mean I mean I mean okay like uh to sports sports sports sports sports sports sports take feed. I'm your host. Tom salome's great to have you joining us. Um Um Um Um Um Um Um I um I um I um I um I um I um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um I mean um uh. Once again, we've got a really insightful and interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting discussion today with Tim Hayden I mean uh you know um um you you you you you you you know Tim's the co-founder and managing director of stadia Ventures. Stadia is stadia is stadia stadia stadia stadia stadia stadia stadia is stadia is stadia is stadia is stadia is a global Sports well well okay um um um um um um um uh like Innovation Hub, including accelerator and fund for early-stage investments in sports sports sports sports sports sports sports and Esports. They've had you know well okay like well like over 40 cohort cohort cohort cohort cohort cohort cohort company since it launched in 2015, including five successful exits, and I okay uh um you you you you you you you know well you know was lucky enough to judge their Global demo and selection day a few weeks ago and sent Lewis and.