Greetings Prince apps welcome to the second episode of the government being cast a uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know like okay you know podcast dedicated to discussing the adapters. Titanic's Titanic's Titanic's Titanic's Titanic's Titanic's Titanic's will gain produced by Games Workshop. This um um I mean well you know uh is the the the the the the the second ever podcast I've ever made. So I hope this isn't too horrible okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so okay okay and still trying to find my feet. So I hope you you you you you you you are bear like um I mean okay okay um with the bad editing in in in in in in in places. I've done my best to fix stuff and re-recorded um I mean like like like like like like like well well um sections that were terrible. Anyway, let's get on with the the the the the the the show in this show. You know like I mean uh so um. I cover recent recent recent recent recent recent recent news and questions that I've been asked by the community. I so I so I so so so so so so so I so I so I so I so so so you know you you you you you you you know like then spend the rest of the show focus on a conversation about maniples maniples maniples maniples maniples maniples maniples the basic building blocks like um I mean you know you know well of the the the the the the the game. I was intending to spend some time discussing how to use them as as as as as as as well like so like okay um narrative devices, but following some feedback and realizing realizing realizing realizing realizing realizing realizing have a lot of Basic Ground you know well like I mean you you you you you you you know okay to cover I'll be focusing on the man of courses primarily from from from from from from from gaming perspective. You know you know you know you know you know know know know know know know you know you know um um uh uh you know. This is a longer longer longer longer longer longer longer episode than I initially planned and you'll probably so so so so you know know know know know know know okay notice a slight change in Styles throughout the main section of the shug. This week week week week week week week work uh I mean like well okay like was a lot busier than I was expecting and much for my normal recording time was taken by.