Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would would would would would would would like I mean I mean so well well so to encourage all of you to to to to to to to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Todd um like well I I I I I I I mean I mean you know FM to get started on this. It has made made made made made made made it. So easy guys, I did well um um you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I if I if I if if if if if if if I if I if I if I had only known like you know so I I I I I I I mean you know so it like five ten years before early because all I need need need need need need need to do is download okay like you know um okay like the anchor. Anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click post and anchor well well well well well well well okay uh you know okay like will do all the job for me. Me me me me me me. It will publish it in all the like um um uh you know so so so so so so so major podcast sides. You know you know you know you know you know you you you you you you you know you know apps that are available and I do not need I mean um so so so so so so so okay you know so to do anything else. So this so this so this so so so so so so so this so this so this so this is just too awesome guys. You also also also also also also also you also you also you also you also you also you also okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh well need to make use of it. If you if you if if if if if if if you if you if you if you if you have a message if you have some some some some some some some um okay well okay um you know come content, which you feel that needs needs needs needs needs needs needs to reach out to the world um well uh so so so or simply want want want want want want want to post something make sure you use this mascara namaskaram everyone. Welcome I welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome I welcome I welcome I welcome I welcome I welcome I mean you know like like like like like like like okay uh well to buy shoes podcast. So today's daily log. I have restarted restarted restarted restarted restarted restarted restarted my uncle I mean uh well so uh well more than a practice and it was very very good. I like sweated, but it felt very good actually.