If you if you if you if you if you if you if if if if if if if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let so so so so so so so well okay uh so so me explain it's free. So if you want to start start start start start start start a podcast, but so okay um well uh you know not sure if it's it's it's it's it's it's it's going to be something you want to keep up with. There's um there's um there's there's there's there's there's there's there's um there's um there's um there's um there's um um um well I mean well well well well well well well no money to put into it. So you're so you're so you're so you're you're you're you're you're you're you're so you're so you're so you're just doing it and if it works like like like like like like like I mean I mean you know I mean uh out great, you keep doing it it it it it it it at no cost but there was no money okay like uh like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean out of your pocket, which was a big incentive for me to want to go go go go go go go like so so so so like with anchor. There's creation tools that allow allow allow allow allow allow allow you to record and edit your podcast right okay I mean I mean well well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay from your phone or computer super easy. GE will distribute your podcast for you. Okay okay like like like like like like like like um you know. So it so it so it so it so it so so so so so so so it so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more more more more more more more and you can well well so like like so make money from your podcast with with with with with with with no minimum listenership. I have not found that any okay okay you know uh like like like like like like like like other podcast Creator and it's really everything you need to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast in you know uh um okay well so one place download the free anchor app app app app app app app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get get get get get get get started. You won't you won't you won't you won't you won't you won't you won't regret it. Thanks guys.