Hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need more like uh well well well well well well well um okay like voices in the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and and and and and and and holding fast to well so okay like well so the Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this this this this this this this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding before I mean I mean like I mean um uh our our our our our our our eyes. There are a lot of ways to get involved and an okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like you know like you know easy one is to start a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast anchor dot f m is a great like uh I mean uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh podcast hosting platform. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way like like like like like like like okay okay okay I mean you know to make a podcast. Let me let let let let let let let me let me let me let me let me let me explain it's free. Free free free free free free. There's Russian tools that allow you like uh um well well okay to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute so well you know uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and so uh like um uh you know many more you can actually make make make make make make make some money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. Well you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's it's it's it's it's it's it's everything it's everything you need to make a podcast in one convenient location. So you know know know know know know know okay so so uh okay if you're interested download the free anchor app or go go go go go go go to Anchor dot f uh um you know well okay I mean m-- to get get get get get get get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.