Hey guys, before we go into the episode. I want to talk to like like like like like like like like so well okay I mean you about anchor if you haven't heard about about about about about about about anchor you are so missing out. Anchor uh okay I mean you know know know know know know know um um is the easiest way to make a podcast. Not only that it's it's it's it's it's it's it's free. There are okay okay okay like so I mean creation tools that will will will will will will will allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your like okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay phone or your computer. And the and the and the and the and and and and and and and the and the and the best thing is Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like okay you know well. So you so you so you so so so so so so so you so you so you so you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts Google Google Google Google Google Google Google podcasts and many more. It's uh um okay okay okay well everything. You need need need need need need need to make a podcast all in one place, so don't If you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay uh I mean we anchor up today or go to Anchor dot dot dot dot dot dot dot f m-- to get started. So well you know okay like um. Alright now, let's go go go go go go go into the episode. Hey, hey. Hey, what's up you guys? Welcome back like so well like um um um um um um um uh to what's on your mind podcast. This is episode number four and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's uh I mean like okay okay um so crazy to think that we've been doing doing doing doing doing doing doing this together for four weeks. I um you know like well okay I I I I I I I mean guess what they say about time flies when you're having fun. It's true, true, true, true, true, true, true, or at least so um um I mean I mean uh it's true true true true true true true for me. I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I I I I I I I hope it's true for you too. So I think you can guess that I use anchor to.