Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to the cosmic. I show I am your host Jason bolton. Okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean. Oh and I have on the phone Chris Sheridan. Mr. Chris shared in other other other other other other other words, uh you know I mean well so like otherwise known as it's going going going going going going going to mr. Christie, but that's mr. Christmas to you. So uh okay okay you you you you you you you know uh. What's your what's your what's your what's your what's your what's your your your your your your your what's your name Chris? Mr. Darkness Mystic Mist aggressive try that next time at the I I I I I I I mean like uh uh you know so casino tables young and montero's I'm going to to to to to to to I'm going to really date myself. They um uh uh you know like so call call call call call call call me. Mr Tibbs mr Tibbs mr Tibbs mr Tibbs mr Tibbs mr Tibbs mr Tibbs Tibbs Tibbs Tibbs Tibbs Tibbs Tibbs Sydney quick to remember that. Yeah. And it's Sydney. I like I like I I I I I I I like I like I like I like I like like uh well like I I I I I I I mean you know to pronounce it. Mr Sidney mr Sidney mr Sidney mr Sidney mr mr mr mr mr mr mr Sidney mr Sidney mr Sidney Poitier what he really gotta you gotta really get get get get get get get like um like so uh like into and a pause in between there. Let's get get get get get get get out. There's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a a a a a a a problematic pause so well uh um well well as they surged about. It wasn't a stage stage stage stage stage stage stage and Screen. Yeah, stay yeah, stay yeah, stay yeah, stay yeah, stay yeah, stay yeah, stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stage and I mean uh you know um well uh screen if if if if if if if you wish and there you go you are without electricity today. Like um um so so so so so so so um you know. So we're going to try to make this a brief show. I know know know know know know know I know I know I know I know I know I know you're you're you're you're you're you're you're like like like well like I mean working on battery power over there. So I I I I I I I so I so I so I so I so I so I have a a a a a a a good signal and I have like so so you know um like plenty of of of of of of of power. So I so I so I so I so I so I so I think we're good to go. And so we are good to go. We are speaking.