Hi, everyone, what's happened? And I'm here with Johnny. Bargain has all she on on on on on on on top like well you know so well so and Blake all good. So today today today today today today today we are recording the first episode of the I mean well well you you you you you you you know so well podcast that we've been talking about recording for at least two or or or or or or or three months. He has he has he has he has he has he has he he he he he he he has I mean well well okay like okay smelt a long story short may not not not not not not not going to be in touch for I mean um okay um well you know a a a a a a a while and I made not for sample cups of coffee on the lisburn road and and and and and and and like like I mean well like uh we thought that the ideas and the conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation we were having may help a few I mean like um uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay older. So this is all very much part in those thoughts into action. Action action action action action action. And if we you know I mean like uh so I mean can help at at at at at at at least one other person as a byproduct of our conversations so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh um recording and Publishing it then we think this is a a a a a a a very valuable form to okay uh you know I mean so I mean do. So, So, So, So, So, So, So, so first of all, we're just going to basically introduce ourselves so you okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean um like you know can get to know us that more more more more more more more about who you actually listened to and like I mean so um okay I I I I I I I mean then down the line move very much want to delve into some some some some some some some of uh okay you know you know well you know those deeper questions questions questions questions questions questions questions that may help others. So just by where personal I mean like well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well introduction my name is Asha Monaghan. I'm from a gallon which is about 10 minutes from the organ.