Before we get jumped into this first episode just want to shout out. Thank okay okay okay okay okay okay okay thank okay thank okay thank okay thank okay thank okay thank okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well like you so much for tuning in listening. We hope you like like like like like like like it. We hope we hope we hope we hope we hope we hope we hope you you you you you you you like um so so like like enjoy it. If you if you if if if if if if if you if you if you if you if you do, please leave a a a a a a a five-star rating subscribe to our podcast uh so you know okay like well that will really really really really really really really help us out especially here in the beginning. We're trying to you know uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so well grow this thing. This first one really is just us talking about about about about about about about some stories you know I mean I mean uh um so going to get you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you know a feel for what we're going to be doing so okay you know I I I I I I I mean so like with this. We hope you like it. Also a also a also a a a a a a a also a also a also a also a big shout out to well like like you you you you you you you know I mean uh Eric case dude. Thank you so much for the software that you've you've you've you've you've you've you've recommended gotten us past I mean well I mean so like I mean our first first first first first first first couple of weeks of difficulties, but I think we're on the I mean well so so so so so so so okay uh um right track now also forgive us for the sound quality quality quality quality quality quality quality at the moment. That's something like well well so well uh we're working on. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're we're learning. We're trying to figure out how to edit it you know well well well well well well well well okay so so and smooth everything out that's best for your ear holes holes holes holes holes holes holes so that you well so uh so uh okay can enjoy the podcast as as as as as as as much as we do. Thanks for hanging out with us again. Like the like the like the like the like the like the like the podcast subscribe to.