What a paper change welcome to another episode today. We're going we're going we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going to talk about the you know know know know know know know like well uh well uh gross margin impact of a successful launch of of of of of of of the Plaid mode Model S well so you know so well so and plasmid model X X X X X X X on Tesla by this is something I'm really really excited about I mean well you you you you you you you know well so I mean from a financial perspective. So going to nerd out on this this this this this this this shout out to okay so okay uh I mean you know the third row row row row row row row podcast. I came up the idea for this episode. We okay uh you know know know know know know know like well okay were just recording and we're talking about this new track package that that that that that that that came out for the you know I mean I mean okay um uh model 3. It's like like like like like like like a $5,500 upgrade where you can basically get these really you know okay um um um um um um um like like okay cool looking new tire. Hours for your performance model 3 which which which which which which which already cost um I mean so I mean uh like 60 Grand Grand Grand Grand Grand Grand Grand and then you pay five and a half Grand more for these so so um um um um um um um like okay like new tires and these brake pads which are geared to make make make make make make make it perform better on the uh so well so so okay track. It's gotten gotten gotten gotten gotten gotten gotten some awesome reviews. So that's a really cool thing. And I was um I I I I I I I mean you know well I mean well just thinking like wow, there's so much opportunity for Tesla Tesla Tesla Tesla Tesla Tesla Tesla as sort of this well so uh I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh luxury Performance Brand to upsell all of these fancy new features and services that that that that that that that sort of so okay uh well uh I mean Die Hard fans and and and and and and and like Tesla nerds would love and the track package is one um okay well well well well well well well you know you know okay example, but what I think is an even bigger example of this trend and what's really going to happen in late 2012.