Hey everyone. How's it going? It's been a while. I miss you guys. Hope I I I I I I I mean uh uh so uh like you guys are all having a lovely lovely week week week week week week week so far now before this episode well uh so um like so starts. Starts starts starts starts starts starts. I just want to give a quick announcement. So the so the so so so so so so so the so the so the so the so the title of this podcast well well well well well well well well I mean so um I mean is called catch open me at the time time time time time time time that I started this podcast. I thought like I mean like I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know, what like catching up with friends. Just talking about random stuff, you you you you you you you know uh I mean you know so okay uh catch up with me sounds like like like like like like like a good title. But then as I recorded the um you know okay uh uh so past past past past past past past few episodes, I've noticed something I started to figure out what the I mean I I I I I I I mean you know well well you know theme of this podcast should be. So So So So So So So if you know notice a lot of the um okay uh like okay okay things things things things things things things that we covered from the past few episode is about mental health growing like like like like like like like I mean um so like I mean up and things we deal with as as as as as as as a teenager or as a young adult. So you know uh I mean um um um um um um um um like with that said the new title of the podcast will be basically growing up. Up up up up up up. Um okay um okay um okay um okay um okay um okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um so well. I finally figure out what the theme of this this this this this this this podcast should be. So basically okay I mean well well I mean like growing up up up up up up up is going to be having guess hopping onto the podcast and basically having okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean so them share what they think is important for us teenagers and young adults to know what it's like going up on their side.