Today's episode of the Hatchery podcast is brought to you by Luxor technology technology technology technology technology technology technology North well like so like so um America's largest mining pool lectures goal is is is is is is is to operate enterprise-class mining pools with professionalism and okay okay you know um uh well an an an an an an an intense customer focus. They provide a top-notch user experience and have a great selection well so so so so so so so you know okay like I mean of pools for you to mine to from from from from from from from a variety of notable altcoins to Big so you know okay I mean like okay Daddy Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin for which they launched their mining pool in October. So be sure to to to to to to to okay so you know okay you know uh go and check them out. We are are are are are are are incredibly grateful that Luxor is chosen to sponsor the like like you know know know know know know know um like so show going into 2020. We would love it if you as as as as as as as listeners would support you know okay so so um you know the show by Ting Ting Ting Ting Ting Ting Ting them you can find them online at Luxor dot Tech and well so so so so so so so you know I mean so you know give them a follow on on on on on on on Twitter at Luxor Tech Team. Hey, everyone Thanks for tuning uh like well well well well well well well I mean well uh into the hash rate podcast the best crypto mining podcast in the the the the the the the history of the world you know like like so I mean you know on on on on on on on today's episode mean hash and I are joined by mr. Seth estrada. Okay so so so so so so so um uh well okay. We talk about building communities around proof of work projects. We We We We We We We talk about um okay um I mean well like masternodes. We talk a little little little little little little little bit about Prague pal and mean hash has an well I mean you know know know know know know know well okay okay epic rant on the inclusion of big Tech into the crypto space. Space space space space space space. So I like I mean I mean I mean like uh hope you all enjoy this episode. If you would please leave us a rating.