Greetings feminist greetings feminist greetings feminist greetings feminist greetings feminist greetings feminist greetings greetings greetings greetings greetings greetings greetings feminist survival project 2020 listeners Emily here with a fun and exciting announcement. I wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted um uh so uh I mean like to let you all know that we have have have have have have have joined the Frolic podcast like you know like uh like uh Network front leg is a a a a a a a podcast community of everything romance and romance related as I mean like I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know uh you know, I am both a reader of and author of romance romance romance romance romance romance romance fiction and Amelia. Well romance okay okay well like like uh is not necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily her direct thing is a super fan of many kinds of genre. Okay you know know know know know know know um like I mean you know. Fiction and Anyone who reads and or or or or or or or writes romance knows the value of so so so I mean like so self-care. Self-care self-care self-care self-care self-care self-care. So we're really excited to be a part of this community. If you're you're you're you're you're you're you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know uh like into romance in any flavor check out the the the the the the the other podcasts on the I mean well I mean okay okay okay Frolic Network. It It It It It It It includes it includes it includes it includes it includes it includes it includes one one one one one one one of my very favorite podcast smart bitches trashy books, okay you know okay okay um so so so so so so so which is Sarah Wendell's podcast about romance. She's super amazing a million. I have been been been been been been been you know uh uh well like uh on it a couple of times. We love her a lot. What does this mean for?.