What is what is what is what is what is what is what is up up up up up up up guys? This is Stu is what the fuck Jim talk. So I so I I I I I I I so I so I so I so I so I made okay so I I I I I I I mean uh well well a post the other day about the you know, I I I I I I I even made a like you know so I mean well so podcast it was probably one one one one one one one or two podcast back now from here maybe but about so well you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know you know, your gym not being the best our today, today, today, today, today, today, today, you know, I think it like uh okay uh um well should be more of of of of of of of a pillar of the schedule and I made this Instagram post uh you know know know know know know know so so okay so and I dropped it in a couple of Philly at owners owners owners owners owners owners owners groups. And anyway, and anyway, and anyway, and anyway, and anyway, and anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, and anyway, like okay so like you know uh obviously you can imagine the the the the the the the feedback was was was mixed and one individual this Rob well well so like like like like like like like okay you know he owns a gym. I believe it's called CrossFit rise again. Again again again again again again. I apologize okay uh so okay so okay Rob if I'm fucking that up. Up up up up up up. You know, he shot me a DM and you I mean um okay I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean just like bro. I don't I don't agree. I I I I I I I think this argument is pointless. I like okay um like you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean don't get it. You should strive to do both like and he just didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't uh I mean like you know uh uh agree with it which was was was was was was was but he reached out to me and show me a you know you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay DM and I do what I typically do when I hit him with with with with with with with an audio like I mean well I mean so okay message and explain my position position position position position position position and you know next thing, you know, we're back so so so you know okay you know know know know know know know and forth with a few audio messages and the guy, you know, we're we went from adversarial to you know, I probably go get a beer the.