Hi all 90-day Bri here with your tea on AfterBuzz TVs. 90-day fiance News News News News News News News so well so you know you know uh Daily. We haven't gotten to see much much much much much much much of Stephanie on the new season like uh okay well uh you know of a a a a a a a for the 90 days, but we know that she has a plastic okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so okay uh well anemia that her girlfriend from the show lives in in in in in in in Australia and that her family okay well like I mean I mean I mean is is is is is is is unaware that she's dating a woman what you might not know about Stephanie okay um um um um um um um um okay so okay though is that she sells naked photos of herself online. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's right. Stephanie has a you know uh I mean like uh you know patron patron patron patron patron patron patron where she has content. That's a bit risque. It seems some people may well well well well well well well well like okay like uh have found this out though as Stephanie took took took took took took took her Instagram stories to lay uh I mean uh uh okay um everything out. Out Out Out Out Out Out Out she out she out she out she out she out she out she she she she she she she states that she is not ashamed of this content and that having uh like you you you you you you you know um so okay the patron has financed her documentary as well as other other other other other other other creative projects and it's uh like um okay like you know also helped her income income income income income income income in general. She ends she ends she ends she ends she ends she ends ends ends ends ends ends ends she ends it saying I'm a hello an advocate um like like okay so like like like like like like like a writer a content creator a dumbass. I'm allowed to be everything. I'm allowed um um um um um um um well like I mean so like to love whoever I want. I am not not not not not not not definable good for you girl. A I mean well I mean um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh woman should be allowed to do whatever she wants with her body and her patreon patreon patreon patreon patreon patreon patreon is 18 like um well well okay you know plus. So not just anyone can watch if you want to support her and her Patron head over to patreon.com.