Hey, Joel, since we just finished our podcast. How are we going to upload upload upload upload upload upload upload well like like um uh so this stuff? You haven't heard about anchor dot. Dot dot dot dot dot dot. F m-- Nah, man. What is what is what is what is what is what what what what what what what is what is it well um okay well I mean so all about Oh Sees easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast really so well, first of all, uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know well it's completely free. You don't go to pay nothing. Really? yeah. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. So are we I mean so like um I mean um just dumping the audio audio audio audio audio audio audio on the Internet or is there a ways to uh I mean okay I I I I I I I mean uh you know do things with it then? Oh, no oh, no oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, no oh, no oh, no oh, no oh, no anchors got creation tools allow you you you you you you you you know like I mean um I mean I mean to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. Wow. That um I I I I I I I mean um well so um is so awesome. Yes. Now is it? It just it it it it it it it just it just it just it just it just it just on anchor or does does does does does does does it well okay um so okay so go anywhere else after you post it? Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, once you post anchor anchor will distribute it um well um so uh you know know know know know know know out so I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch more more more more more more more like you know you know uh like I mean places. You don't have to do do do do do do do anything but post it to Anchor. Awesome. Is there like you know well um I I I I I I I mean I mean any way to make money off of it? Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, you can make money starting with your uh uh well you know like so podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with no minimum listenership. You can make money right away. You can start making you you you you you you you know so you know okay um okay money man. That is awesome. So what so so so so so so so what so what so what so what so what so what you're you're you're you're you're you're you're saying is it's everything you well like um I mean you know like need need need need need need need to to make a podcast in one place. That's exactly what I'm saying. Wow. So download the free anchor app or go to.