Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so so uh I mean to encourage all of you to download the free free free free free free free anchor app or go like I mean like uh you know so to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy so so so so so so so easy so easy so easy so easy so easy so easy um uh well I I I I I I I mean okay okay guys, I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. Easy easy easy easy easy easy. If I I mean like okay uh okay um had only known it like like like like like like like five ten years before early because all I need to so I mean well you know well well well well well well well so do is download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and like like like like like like like like so I mean okay so just click post and anchor will do all the job for for for for for for for me. It will it will it will it will it will it will will will will will will will it will publish it well uh so uh like you know in all the major podcast sides. Sides sides sides sides sides sides. You know apps that are available and I uh well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so do not need to do anything else. So this is just too awesome like like like like like like like uh like so I mean okay guys. You also you also you also you also also also also also also also you also you also you also need to make use of it. If you have a a a a a a a message if um well you know like uh I mean you have some some some some some some some come content, which you feel that needs to reach out to the so uh well well well well well well well okay I mean well world or simply want to post something make sure you you you you you you you use this. Mascara. Namaskaram so well okay okay well okay everyone, welcome back to my my my my my my my shoes podcast. So in so in so in so in so in so in so so so so so so so in today's podcast, I will be answering some queries that they receive on a day-to-day basis.