Hello, welcome to the theology pug cast and we're glad to have you with us us us us us us us again. Okay I okay I okay I okay I okay I okay I I I I I I I okay I mean you know well I mean uh. And it's and it's and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's and it's and it's and it's and it's the whole crew here today and and and and and and and we're going to do this ourselves well okay uh I mean okay uh in a a a a a a a minute, but guys, I realized just the other day that we've been at you know know know know know know know you know you know well so so this for a year. Well, I think this this this this this this this is like episode 56 or something. Maybe okay like okay um like okay it maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe that's wrong. We need the fact Checkers out there to correct us, I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like okay um um well you know, occasionally we do say things that are not correct correct correct correct correct correct correct often speak for yourself. You know um I mean like I mean you you you you you you you know. Awesome, we correct each other in the course of the show, but that that that that that that that just has well like you know you know uh I mean because we do is almost almost almost almost almost almost almost zero prep. We just kind of come from wherever I mean okay like okay um well well well well well well well we are and we sit down and and I think most of the the the the the the the time we do okay I mean you know like like you know catch catch catch catch catch catch catch each other but Caitlin someone Catches Us from someplace else. Never glad. I'm glad that that that that that that that um you know um um well like I don't think it's ever happened to to to to to to to Glenn. I'm glad you got me last week I mean so okay uh well like like like like like like like on Warfield and Whitfield. I've not heard the end of it my colleague Frank Frank Frank Frank Frank Frank Frank a mullet. Yeah initially yeah initially yeah initially yeah initially yeah initially yeah initially yeah initially when you.