Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's it's it's it's it's it's it's um okay like I mean you know you know the app I'm using it is definitely the the the the the the the easiest one to use it's I mean so okay well so um free and there's there's there's there's there's there's there's creation tools straight in the app that allow you to edit like like so so so so so so so I mean you know you know your podcast from your phone or computer and it will will will will will will will also distribute your podcast to uh okay I mean like I mean so Spotify apple apple apple apple apple apple apple and many more without having to do anything which is great and um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like like I mean you can make money from the podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership, which is also uh okay you know okay okay um great man. You gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta grind you got to get to where you're going. Um I mean like like like like like like like like like you know. So it's everything you need to do all one place and and and and and and and to download the well I mean you know um um so app go to anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor on the App Store anchored on FM online to get I mean well um you know well well well well well well well so Started let's get in the madness. Yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, this is I'll bleed blue you know know know know know know know you know okay uh I mean so forever. Listen to my man. Everything in YG's YG's YG's YG's YG's YG's YG's podcast Your Grace showed man loved listening. Keep I keep I keep I keep I I I I I I I keep I keep I keep I mean I mean uh so you know you you you you you you you know it up. Keep doing what you're doing man. Great show great. Listen, love love love love love love love listening. Keep you keep you keep you keep you keep you keep you keep you you you you you you you know so well so like you know it up on a Giants players free agency cap space who ever listened to my man.