All right guys, if you're anything like me then you are all too good good good good good good good at okay like I mean okay you know like procrastinating and you know what what what what what what what 2020 not about that. I wanted to make this um um you know okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay podcast forever ago. And finally and finally and finally and finally and finally and finally finally finally finally finally finally finally and finally I'm starting I'm using anchor as my platform. Anchor is uh you you you you you you you know I mean um I mean okay the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let Let Let Let me explain. It is free totally free. Um okay like you know you know you know. Know know know know know know. Its creation tools are super easy to use and it allows you to record record record record record record record and okay um like you know I mean well edit your podcast right from your your your your your your your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um so like okay so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many many many many many many more platforms you can well well um okay uh like make money from your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right away with no minimum listenership guys. It's that good. Okay, um okay, um okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, um okay, um okay, um okay, um okay, um well I mean I mean you know know know know know know know um it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place, please download well well well well well well well like okay I mean so like the free anchor app or go to to to to to to to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Trust um trust um trust um trust trust trust trust trust trust trust um trust um trust um trust um I mean okay okay I mean uh me. Me me me me me me. You will not regret it. Hey guys, welcome back to my podcast or okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know uh so Thea here. What what? How's it going? Happy Monday or whatever day you're listening to this.