If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me me me me me me me explain. Uh well uh well uh well uh well uh well uh well uh well well well well well well well you know well okay okay. First of all, it's free. You don't you don't don't don't don't don't don't don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't have to put any money money money money money money money up front for someone like so like you know like so who's starting out out out out out out out podcasting. That's a pretty big deal. There are creation tools that allow you um um um um um um um you know you know well you know um to record and edit your podcast right right right right right right right from your phone or computer. You have like like like uh so um to to to to to to to go out and spend a lot of money buying software paying for recording like so so so so so so so like well like okay equipment anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it so so so so so so so it so it so it so it so it so it can be heard um um um um um um um you know uh you know okay I mean on Spotify Apple podcast and many more more more more more more more and the best part you can make um well um well okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make make make make make make make a um uh well so like you know podcast in one place doubled the free anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F okay you know like so so so so so so so so okay m-- to get started reads ranches proud apart with Marcos Garza and the Garza Garza Garza Garza Garza Garza Garza Law you know I mean okay well well you know Firm. Find yourself needing needing needing needing needing needing needing a lawyer for a DUI. If you need a criminal uh so uh um um well well well well well well well defense lawyer, if you need a personal injury lawyer, Mark, Rose Garza and his his his his his his his team can I mean well uh uh well so handle all three Garza. Law.com 8 6 5 5 4 0 8300 before you say.