Hey for Center fans. Great Star Wars discussions are on the way. But first, first, first, first, first, first, first, like okay um like uh uh let me tell you about anchor it's the the the the the the the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me like um uh you know well so explain explain explain explain explain explain explain first. It's free. That's the truth. It's free and there's creation tools that that that that that that that allow well I mean uh like I mean I mean you to record and and and and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor I mean well well well well well well well uh I mean I mean like will distribute your podcast for you. So So So So So So So going to be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and like uh okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so many many more places to list keeps on growing and you you you you you you you can make money from well so I mean uh like um your podcast with no no no no no no no minimum listenership. It's everything you need. Need to make a podcast you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well you know you know in one place. So get started today today today today today today today start your podcast get your voice out there I mean you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F F F F F F F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean so um started and now a word about Spotify on Spotify. You You You You You You You can listen to all well so well you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean of your favorite artists podcasts and even podcasts about artists all in one one one one one one one place for free. Uh um like uh like you know. You don't even need a premium account account account account account account account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts I mean so okay okay so so so so so so so okay on every topic including the one you're listening to right now for Center talking about Star Wars Spotify also has a.