Hi, welcome to you were taught that in school episode 1 taxes, everyone always always always always always always always writes you know like okay um I mean um after they get out of of of of of of of school about how they couldn't do their taxes and how well so like like like like like like like uh I mean I mean they wish school and taught them to do their taxes. Taxes taxes taxes taxes taxes taxes. And why didn't somebody um um so you know I mean um teach them do do do do do do do their taxes what you were taught that in school. It's called it's called it's called called called called called called called it's called it's called it's called it's called basic like okay so so okay like like like like like like like math in first grade or 2nd grade. They taught you how to add add add add add add add and subtract okay like well okay I mean I mean numbers. That's how you do do do do do do do taxes. You line you line you line you line you line you line you line line line line line line line them up in a column you you know um like you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh add some together, you subtract some the Part about that is you uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so well okay I mean were taught how to follow directions. There's directions directions directions directions directions directions directions at the top of the paper. You like well like so like like were were were were were were were supposed to read them. You read those directions and you follow them. So well so so so so so so so I mean like I mean. So you were taught that in school that was was was was was was was in elementary school the fact so okay like um so uh that you can't can't can't can't can't can't can't follow directions and do simple math doesn't mean that you weren't um well I mean well well well well well well well uh like taught that in school. It just means that you can't do simple math math math math math math math or so you know you know okay well you know follow directions. This has been you we're taught that in school episode 1. See you next week.