Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, if you you you you you you you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know well podcast Let Me Explain real quick first, it's free. How could could could could could could could how could how could how could how could how could how could you get anything anything anything anything anything anything anything better uh well so okay so like at something that's free. There's also also also also also also also creation tools that allow you to record and uh I mean well like uh uh edit edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or computer how convenient anchor will also distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute like so so you know so well your podcast for you. So it so it it it it it it it so it so it so it so it so it can be heard on on on on on on on Spotify Apple podcast and I mean uh uh like you know um many more more more more more more more you can make money from your podcast to with no minimum listenership. It's well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay uh everything you need to make. Podcast at one place place place place place place place download the free anchor so you know um you know uh I mean app app app app app app app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Once again that's that's that's that's that's that's that's anchored like um well so uh um on FM to get started. Welcome to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to immerse immerse immerse immerse immerse immerse immerse boys immersed with the boys and like I mean okay well well uh be immersed immersed immersed immersed immersed immersed immersed by the boys. Yeah, there we go coming at you week I mean so um um um um um um um uh uh like three, but four you probably week one. Hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully week one because we've we've we've we've we've we've we've had a few if you miss allocation. Yeah. Yeah. It's been good. We're getting getting getting getting getting getting getting we're getting we're getting we're getting we're getting we're getting we're getting better though mistakes.