So I so I so I so I so I so I so I I I I I I I guess we'll start off with a question this week. My first of all, uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh well um okay it's episode 4 for 4, fuck me and my feelings. Feelings feelings feelings feelings feelings feelings. Yeah. So anyway, you know like you know like I mean so Mike I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm gonna ask you a question. Yes watching. It's not a trick question. Okay. I mean like like like like like like like you know I mean like well. Do you think the Earth is flat? No good. I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't have to fucking kill uh uh I mean so you know so you you you you you you you because I was looking in the news. Out of the day that died. Died died died died died died. I mean um you know uh so you know. Yeah, you fucking doubt. He's He's He's He's He's He's He's fairly he's fairly he's fairly he's fairly he's fairly he's fairly he's fairly he he he he he he he said his whole life trying to prove you know okay I mean okay so like like like like like like like the Earth is flat. He said he said he said he said he he he he he he he said he said he said he spent his days for $18,000 making a rocket. Uh you you you you you you you know uh well uh you know. He said I happen when the rocket took off off off off off off off the parachute went off of well um you know like like like it. Like here's here's here's here's here's here's here's like here's like here's like here's like here's like here's like here's the the the the the the the rocket the pair she fell out class as we could okay uh uh okay so so so so so so so okay have been a fucking idiot. That's what you get for being a fucking idiot idiot idiot idiot idiot idiot idiot $18,000 um um okay well okay um built a whole rocket bro. That's like like like like like like like that's like that's like that's like that's like that's like that's like we like it's it's it's it's it's it's it's amazing. That's a that's a that's a that's a that's a that's a that's a nice Camry and SpaceX or $18,000 is like the chairs they put in that.