Hello and welcome to this episode of the ESG Fitness podcast. I've got Andy on on on on on on on which so like um I mean uh you know means we are answering your questions Andy, Andy, Andy, Andy, Andy, Andy, Andy, how are you? I'm good. Thank you. You know okay I mean you know uh okay. Okay okay okay okay okay okay. How about yourself? I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I'm okay the last couple of days my back was much you know you know know know know know know know you know well I mean okay better. But now it's really bad again might have been been been been been been been because I try to train I mean so like um you know okay legs. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, that's knocks. That's not a smart idea. I mean are you I didn't so like like like like like like like um um okay um even do that before I hurt my back you're as as as as as as as you see you're one well so okay okay uh um of these people who who who who who who who actually huzzah An excuse not to treat legs. Yeah. Well I've well I've well I've I've I've I've I've I've I've well I've well I've well I've well I've like I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um learnt from I say I've learnt from that. I've definitely not as as as as as as as soon as uh well like well like uh it feels better again. I will will will will will will will I will I will I will I will I will I will be doing the the the the the the the same thing, but well um I mean okay like okay I am using this special injection injection injection injection injection injection injection into my piriformis on Monday. So fingers crossed that okay like you know so so so so so so so um I mean it's going to improve things for me ideal ideal now if you you you you you you you don't be a like um well I mean well okay good good start First question. Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay is quite a long one. And normally and normally and normally and normally and normally and normally and normally I make excuses that it's not.