Just got to get up and tell the devil who you are. You gotta you you you you you you you gotta you gotta you gotta you gotta you gotta you gotta uh okay like like like like like like like like like like tell that devil who you are today. I woke up and and and and and and and I told uh um okay so so um the devil who I am in in in in in in in Christ. I am I am I am I am I am I am I am am am am am am am complete in him who is the well uh so I mean like like head of all all all all all all all principality and power. I am alive in Christ. I am I am I am I I I I I I I am I am I am I am free um uh uh like okay like from from from from from from from the law of sin and death. I am far from oppression and the enemy cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot come okay you know okay like okay you know near me. I am I I I I I I I am I am I am I am I am I am born of God and and and and and and and the evil one cannot touch me. I Am you know so okay so so well well well well well well well Without Blame before him in love. Love I am in right standing with the the the the the the the father. I mean well uh uh so okay. I have the mind of Christ. I have have have have have have have the peace of God that surpasses um you know okay uh uh uh all understanding greater is is is is is is is he that is in me than he that is in uh um you know know know know know know know I mean you know well the world. I have received the power of the Holy Holy Holy Holy Holy Holy Holy Spirit. I have put you know uh so okay uh um up the old and put put put put put put put on the new I have been given and it's been like uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh so given to me. I have I have I have I have I have have have have have have have I have I have no lack for my God shall supply all my needs. Needs needs needs needs needs needs. I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I I I I I I I mean okay like you know you know like. According to his riches. I have have have have have have have I have I have I have I have I have I have been called out of Darkness Into The Marvelous Light of the Gospel.