Well, either freaks, it's your boy Marty been here to introduce this flash flash flash flash flash flash flash I mean like well so I mean like episode of Tales from the Crypt sat sat sat sat sat sat sat down with our good friend Bitcoin I mean well well so um uh Tina to to to to to to to talk about the perfect storm of things that are happening in the world world world world world world world uh like so you know so I mean that are bullish for Bitcoin a a a a a a a lot going on right now particularly this week in okay well so I I I I I I I mean okay um American markets globally with the coronavirus reading I think you guys are are are are are are are gonna okay uh I mean um like I mean like it quick one always always always always always always always bullish bullish as always with our good friend tina. Like so like so so so so so so so like so like so like so like so like so so uh um okay. This This This This This This This episode is brought to you by the cash yet freaks are null. Um, like like like like like like like um, like um, like um, like um, like um, like um, like you know know know know know know know uh uh you know well I was actually had a friend reach out to me the the the the the the the yesterday the other not the okay you know well like okay like other day day day day day day day yesterday. He was like, ah, let's see easiest way to buy bitcoin. Um um um um um um um um okay so you know okay. Remember you told me download that what was it it it it it it it the cash yet? That's what that's what that's what that's what that's what that's what what what what what what what that's what I I mean so like uh you know uh said. It's the it's it's it's it's it's it's it's the it's the it's the it's the it's the it's the easiest way way way way way way way to buy Bitcoin. He had to be refreshed his memory had to so like like like like like like like you know like I mean like be refreshed yesterday did a little video on my cell cell cell cell cell cell cell phone showing them how um okay I mean um uh I mean to buy bitcoin. Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin. I did that thing where you record your screen went to the cash app scroll over to the squiggly line the.