Hello everybody and welcome to the podcast. Why don't you go ahead and introduce our our our our our our our you know I mean like well um okay name? Not your not your not your your your your your your your not your not your not your not your name the name of our podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. It's called speaking for the bag. You know um um you know like so. So so so so so so. And the and the and the and the and the and the and the reason reason reason reason reason reason reason why we picked that name, I mean, it's pretty self-explanatory. Obviously, so obviously, so obviously, obviously, obviously, obviously, obviously, obviously, obviously, so obviously, so obviously, so obviously, so obviously, so well well so you know know know know know know know I mean we in our bag we in the bag we got the bags bags bags bags bags bags bags of cured. Like you know uh I mean so you know. No, that's no, that's that's that's that's that's that's that's no, that's no, that's no, that's no, that's no, that's what it is. Obviously Obviously Obviously Obviously Obviously Obviously Obviously the obviously the obviously the obviously the obviously the obviously the obviously the end goal goal goal goal goal goal goal is to make money off you know I mean so uh you know um um um um um um um this that is not the only reason we're doing this. I'm doing this for well well well well well well well um um so you know okay my love of public speaking and podcasting and and and and and and and making other humans happy with my well like I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh voice Okay, we see what we see what Carson over here is in um uh um um um um um um um I mean you know well it for I guess anyway, so I am a a a a a a a pretty I'm pretty experienced you know so okay like um well in this business. Honestly, Honestly, Honestly, Honestly, Honestly, Honestly, Honestly, I have this fenced account and I've already made like six podcast and they're pretty viral. So total of.