A quick aquick aquick aquick aquick aquick aquick word about my sponsor anchor if you've you've you've you've you've you've you've ever thought about creating well you know okay like so um your own podcast piece of of of of of of of advice for you. Use anchor anchor is well well uh like um well your One Stop Stop Stop Stop Stop Stop Stop Shop for creating your own podcast. It's free. It allows you to record record record record record record record uh okay okay like um um and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone or your computer. It also distributes your uh I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well um podcast to most major podcast platforms. And finally, it gives you an opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity to monetize your you know I mean uh I mean okay like podcast. So So So So So So So if podcast or something you're looking to get into download the uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well um like free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m It It It It It It It started. Hey, welcome back. Uh um uh so um um. So been so been been been been been been been so been so been so been so been so been a couple days since I I I I I I I did my last podcast as well as my um like you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like last, you know update on this kind of coronavirus and all the things um um um um um um um you know like like I mean you know kind of surrounding that that's you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, this this this podcast this YouTube channel okay okay I mean uh so so so so so so so I mean could almost be called, you know, coronavirus Central and it has been been been been been been been that way since you I mean you know so you know so I mean know, know, know, know, know, know, know, January 21st, when I kind of first started talking about it and and and and and and and so uh um so well you know well and for good reason obviously, I think that should be obvious to everyone you occasionally the comment and I'll see you at.