Spoiler alert, spoiler alert, spoiler alert, spoiler alert, spoiler alert, spoiler alert, spoiler alert, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So um okay well um okay like tune out out out out out out out if you want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I I I I I I I I mean I mean so I mean I mean like reported that Madison Pruitt with seen seen seen seen seen seen seen in Auburn filming something with a production um um well so um you know crew crew crew crew crew crew crew Link in the description and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated speculated speculated speculated speculated speculated speculated uh like you know you know so I mean that Maddie was certainly going going going going going going going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially well well uh um uh well dead dead dead dead dead dead dead because Claire Crawley was announced as next season's leading woman. So let me like you you you you you you you know um okay uh well get this straight. Maddie was filming something weeks after after after after after after after production wrapped, but she's not the uh um so like well uh Bachelorette so she has has has has has has has to be the winner of this season, right? Is there any other well well well well well well well well like I mean I mean I mean reason Maddie would have been filming this this this this this this this is unconfirmed. But as of right now you know you know okay okay uh like I see see see see see see see no other explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let me know your um I I I I I I I mean you know okay so um thoughts down in the comments below. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's all I've got for today on Bachelor News um uh like like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Daily. But if you're new to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep deep deep deep deep deep deep dive uh like like okay um like on her earlier today. So check that that that that that that that out on this channel and make sure you uh you know you know um um um um um um um like um check out our Bachelor after show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific Pacific Pacific Pacific Pacific Pacific Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.