Hey, what's up? Welcome back to the Purple Monkey podcast. We got a great great great great great great great show for like so okay well like uh you guys today Beauty right boys, beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful show introducing a new market today. Okay well so um um like. We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll The Savage if that's me. I'm well, or will the Savage on this this this this this this this chord? uh you know I mean uh I mean well That's great. That's a a a a a a a big. Thanks very soon. That's pretty Savage so money update two so uh I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so episodes in we not the not the most fruitful episodes. I'd say say say say say say say I'd say I'd say I'd say I'd say I'd say I'd say we're at four four four four four four four uh okay uh so so you know dollars 48 cents should Chang it's still we're almost almost almost almost almost almost almost at five dollars and was a um you know uh you know okay I I I I I I I mean $5. That's the point that I think we can probably Go to the the the the the the the dollar store uh okay uh well um uh almost five round trips. Yeah, that's that's that's that's that's that's that's really awesome. We can buy a bouncy ball like um uh uh so uh or or or or or or or like a confetti Pauper like five of those not like a beef beef beef beef beef beef beef stick you know you know you know um I mean I mean or this that that that that that that that oh, maybe beefsteak say we can see ya Takin darts at a um I I I I I I I mean I mean um uh you know dart for the Marlboro Man sponsorship backwards good good good good good good good idea. So this is the most packed um okay like like uh okay episode episode episode episode episode episode episode we've ever had that's cool. It's cool it's cool it's cool it's cool it's cool it's it's it's it's it's it's it's cool it's cool five for the boy likes five people you know uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um uh what could go wrong? We would have to my tested fate. Let's just put it like that practically kissing.