What's up, y'all? Just wanted to take a minute and say if you've you've you've you've you've you've you've ever you know um um like well um considered starting a podcast now is definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely the time anchor is definitely the place I can't tell you know like so well well well well well well well well well you how easy it was for me to start my podcast and get it it it it it it it up um like um I mean like like and running. Thanks to Anchor with with with with with with with a couple clicks of the button. I had I had I had I had had had had had had had I had I had I had my you know um like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay podcast out ready to go on Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms again. It was it was it was it was it was it was it was was was was was was was so um okay uh okay you know you know easy. I can do it from from from from from from from my phone from my computer. It doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it it it it it it it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't really matter. Okay um so uh you you you you you you you know um. Whatever. Why I want to do I can do it. It's free free free free free free free absolutely free well you know so so so okay and they help you with sponsorships. Sponsorships sponsorships sponsorships sponsorships sponsorships sponsorships. They helped me with so much. They literally do so well I mean uh well well well well well well well I mean it. All I can't think of a better place to start a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for okay so okay uh so so a beginner for a pro. It doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't matter again. Again again again again again again. So download the free app today okay um um like you know so or go go go go go go go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started again download the app you know know know know know know know uh uh uh well okay today. It's free, or you can go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. So let's jump back into the podcast.