Wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from well from well from well well well well well well well from well from well from well from hard work grows over time Proverbs um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like uh you know 13 11. I read I read I read I read I read read read read read read read I read I read a story recently about a 24 year old who went I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh you know uh I mean so to visit a financial planner the the the the the the the financial planner asked to see her spending habits I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh you know the author of the article shared that through to over the the the the the the the phone sessions in a like well so you know um well couple of weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks of financial reflection. She found she found she found she found she found found found found found found found she found she found that she didn't have to give like okay okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um up things. She really loved to save money that realization helped helped helped helped helped helped helped her get past well like I mean um well well Financial anxiety and and and and and and and helped her to make productive spending cuts during the sessions. Which like which which which which which which which like which like which like which like which like which like like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know each lasted about an hour they discussed her background shared screens to look look look look look look look at well uh like like um well a monthly credit card statement and addressed goals goals goals goals goals goals goals for the week. The financial accountability well I mean well I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay was intended to help her prepare and save for the future. It's encouraging I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean okay you know okay uh to know that the Bible is full of of of of of of of wise advice on how to handle um like uh so uh I mean and how how how how how how how to view Money In fact money is mentioned hundreds so okay you know like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean of times in the Bible including the verse from Proverbs we we we we we we we heard today. Let's okay uh um like you know so hear it again wealth from from from from from from from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time. It's also it's also it's also it's also it's also it's also it's also important to remember.