Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys quickly about you know um like uh you know um Spotify on Spotify. You You You You You You You can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcast and I mean okay um um um um um um um uh like you know one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium premium premium premium premium premium premium account and that okay you know you know um you know uh is great because because because because because because because let's face it. We are all trying to save a little bit well well well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So you you you you you you you never miss an like okay okay okay okay well episode you can share whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever you're listening to with your friends on Instagram and premium you know well well well well well well well like I mean you know okay users can even download episodes to listen to to to to to to to offline wherever and whenever you are if you know okay okay like so you you you you you you you know you're like me, you probably have too many. The apps downloaded already but but but but but but but this one uh um so okay well I mean is actually useful. So if you you you you you you you haven't done so already download the Spotify app search well so uh well you you you you you you you know you know for your favorite podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts in the you you you you you you you are Library tab. Um I mean I mean well so um. Also, make sure sure sure sure sure sure sure to follow us on there. So you never miss an episode of um so well like like like like like like like like uh optimal living advice. That being said, let's get into today's episode. Hello, everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody Welcome so like uh I mean so okay to episode 45 of optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal living advice the podcast where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.