Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to on the spot the podcast where no question is off the table okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay well okay uh each week. We invite we invite we invite invite invite invite invite invite invite we invite we invite we invite we invite a guest to sit down with mayor mayor mayor mayor mayor mayor mayor Marvin Reese well I mean I mean like uh you know posing the questions questions questions questions questions questions questions that really matter to Brazilians and the City of Bristol from I mean well like like like like like like like you know uh I mean transport to safety and housing to the harbor. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's time it's time it's time it's time it's time it's time it's time time time time time time time to put the okay so I mean um you know uh mare in the hot seat. Seat seat seat seat seat seat. My name is Jasmine Jenkins and I'm studying broadcast journalism like you know well uh like like like like like like like okay at the University of the west of England. My name is Simon white. I'm studying studying studying studying studying studying studying okay okay well you know uh you know media and journalism at you as well. And And And And And And And I'm in the second I mean like like um okay like year. What is is is is is is is the impact of the withdrawal from the EU on the student um okay well well well well well well well I mean well so population? Well, I understand from what I understand from from from from from from from for universities directly. The numbers so um well um okay like of students applying applying applying applying applying applying applying for overseas hasn't necessarily been adversely impacted. I think they've been so you know know know know know know know uh okay well you know very proactive. I'm reaching out and from the very firm the very beginning. I've worked with University leaders to send messages as.