Hey Tim here from the Sun solar panel podcast. If you haven't heard heard heard heard heard heard heard about anchor so well uh uh okay okay get it is the easiest way way way way way way way to make a podcast. I want to explain. It's actually you know well I mean well well well well well well well like like where we host our podcast at for one. It's free. There's a creation creation creation creation creation creation creation tool you know like like like well um that allows you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone so uh okay like I mean well or your your your your your your your computer if that's how you want to do it. That's not how we I I I I I I I mean um like you know uh uh do it. But I suppose you could could could could could could could anchor will distribute your podcast for you. Like okay I mean you know I I I I I I I mean you know. So it can be heard everywhere. That's Spotify. That's Apple that's that's that's that's that's that's that's Apple that's Apple that's Apple that's Apple that's Apple that's Apple podcast Stitcher many many more I I I I I I I mean like okay so you know um and you can make money. Money money money money money money. From your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything I mean uh um I I I I I I I mean so you know you need to make a podcast and one place. So go go go go go go go ahead and well okay um I mean I mean well download the free anchor app app app app app app app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get well uh like uh okay so so so so so so so started. And now for the sun solar panel podcast. Hey, it's a spool back to to to to to to to um so um well um like tell you about our friends at Spotify. That's right, right, right, right, right, right, right, that's right, that's right, that's right, that's right, that's right, that's right, you you you you you you you know Spotify for well so so you know so um music, but now guess guess guess guess guess guess guess what you can find all your favorite podcast there as well. You know, I love listening to my music. I love listen to my.