Hello Madge fans and welcome to Mage the podcast the podcast that works hard hard hard hard hard hard hard um you know okay I mean um um towards Ascension. So you don't have have have have have have have to I'm your host Adam Simpson and I am joined by you know I I I I I I I mean like um like like terrie Robinson. And today we are going to talk about about about about about about about the dream speakers in another uh uh um uh like um episode of tomes tomes tomes tomes tomes tomes tomes of magic. But before we do, I thought it might be nice so um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay to cover some announcements and also Terry how you doing. I I I I I I I am I am I am I am I am I am I am doing doing doing doing doing doing doing fine. I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like okay okay okay uh. I was on the Midnight Express podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast to talk about the woo Kang now uh you know well um like well we we we we we we we talked for almost two and a A half hours just about the so so so so so so so um okay like well like Wu-Tang because B ches discussion of the Hem Caso back back back back back back back where they take it okay okay like okay uh you know where he takes 18 pages pages pages pages pages pages pages of material and talks about that for two hours wasn't uh um okay so so so so so so so so I mean quite enough but the key mistake I made was I forgot that that that that that that that Australian summer so okay well um like well time and North American summer time do not not not not not not not occur at the same time. So I'm I mean um uh uh okay okay like, let's let's let's let's let's let's let's figure out a time to record what will be good and I'm well so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so I mean like 9:00 p.m. Your time sounds good and I work work work work work work work backwards and like I can like so well uh so you know wake up at at at at at at at that point you're in this portion is bloody. But and then only later did I find out that.