Hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, welcome back back back back back back back to the latest episode of survive. HR. My name is Kelly well well um well um um um um um um um okay Scheib. For those of you guys that are first-time listeners. I'm here I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here joined by by by by by by by my co-host Steve well I mean well well well uh now we are so so so so so so so we had a plan for today and as is typical with my life, you you you you you you you know okay okay well uh so we change the plan because there's this this this this this this this little known virus out there that's causing well um you know I mean uh like like like like like like like a lot of noise and we thought it was incredibly relevant to have um well well well well well well well um so okay you know a podcast on that topic today if it weren't you you you you you you you just in, California. Yeah, I okay um uh uh you know okay was and I'm isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't that where the clock is Coronavirus is originated. I well I well I well I I I I I I I well I well I well I well so okay like I mean um think that that that that that that that we need no well, like have you been watching United States? like okay um um um um um um um okay you know um I think you weren't tested when you came back. Nobody's looked nobody's nobody's nobody's nobody's nobody's nobody's nobody's looked nobody's looked nobody's looked nobody's looked nobody's looked nobody's looked at you you you you you you you they haven't I mean okay I mean well well okay even taken taking my my my my my my my temperature. All right. Well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, well, well, well, well, well, well, I'm well, I'm glad we've got the experts we well well so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh have here today to talk to us. So today we are joined by by by by by by by dr. Patel. Yes from proactive MZ huge supporter of proactive and D. So I'm excited that.