Welcome to level out with Cheryl and Danny way he to help you take take take take take take take your um uh uh I mean so um health Fitness and wants it it it it it it it to the next level. It's time to level up. Hello like I mean so so so so so so so so like you know and welcome to episode 14 of level up with Cheryl and and and and and and and Danny today's episode is well you know I mean well you know okay called movement movement movement movement movement movement movement is medicine. I just I just I just I just I just I just just just just just just just I just rolls off the tongue doesn't it? Does it uh um so well well well well well well well you know uh I think it's what we've been saying for the last few few few few few few few weeks. I feel I feel I feel I feel I feel I feel I feel feel feel feel feel feel feel I mean okay um okay you know okay like we've been saying movement is is is is is is is medicine. It's cool it's cool it's cool it's cool it's cool it's cool it's it's it's it's it's it's it's cool to see everyone sharing the arm like you know uh you know so well the the the the the the the post that we put on the Instagram page as well. Absolutely. It's about I mean so so so so so so so like so okay okay yes branding that positive message and helping everyone feel good. Good good good good good good. And we're and we're and we're and we're and we're and we're and we're we're we're we're we're we're we're here to really so well uh so like so talk about something that I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm super passionate about and I know you are too. SLI okay okay okay uh I I I I I I I mean so everyday your training working hard and all of that. I work as as as as as as as an osteopath. Uh um um you know um okay. So this is really our our our our our our our bread and butter, isn't it? Well, it's your bread and butter, well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean um well like but I'm here for the ride as well. Fantastic. You're always always always always always always always welcome to come to the light. So today so today so today so so so so so so so today so today so today so today we've set it up as a Q&A style. We really.