Welcome into the double dribble podcast as always. My name's Jordan Harper and join with me me me me me me me so okay so I mean um uh as Matthew Landry who seemingly always comes in on on on on on on on after an Alabama win and um like I mean um well so seems to duck out out out out out out out on me when Alabama loses so glad to have you back um um I I I I I I I mean like like um here Matt. How are you doing? Yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's good to be here good to to to to to to to get a you know you know like um uh you know win so I can can can can can can can actually record today. So it's so it's so it's so it's so it's so so so so so so so it's so it's pretty good pretty good. Yeah, I'm um like like so okay you you you you you you you know glad to have you here too. It gets lonely sometimes but especially after losses. Losses losses losses losses losses losses. Well I mean you know you know uh uh. But today but today but but but but but but but today but today but today but today but today we're glad to be be be be be be be joined by Blake level who's the host of um okay uh okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh walked on a sec podcast. You can you can you can you can you you you you you you you can you can you can follow him on Twitter at Blake okay like I I I I I I I mean like okay okay level and he he's someone that is Alabama fan by by by by by by by day Auburn fan okay well I mean uh so um by night and it's very very very very very very very popular within the SEC basketball community and does a I mean uh like like well well well well well well well um great job of covering SEC basketball and I mean without further Ado. How How How How How How How um so I mean like well well are you doing boy? Well, it's funny you you you you you you you guys. Talking about getting the record okay um okay well well you know know know know know know know after a win. What about me? I've got a record after a loss here. So So So So So So So I so I so I so I so I so I so I mean, you know, right I.