Spoiler alert, spoiler alert, spoiler alert, spoiler alert, spoiler alert, spoiler spoiler spoiler spoiler spoiler spoiler spoiler alert, spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out out out out out out out if so okay uh like uh well you want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this this this this this this this season couple weeks ago. I um uh okay you know uh like reported that Madison Madison Madison Madison Madison Madison Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew Link in in in in in in in I mean well okay I mean okay I mean the description and I along with with with with with with with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that so I mean I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean Maddie was certainly going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially officially officially officially officially officially officially dead because uh okay like um so well Claire Crawley was announced as as as as as as as next season's leading woman. So let so let so let so let so let so so so so so so so let so let me get this straight. Maddie like so um so well well well well well well well uh was filming something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so so so so so so so she has um you know okay I mean um I mean to be the the the the the the the winner of this season, right? Is there any other reason Maddie you know know know know know know know like so um I mean like would have been filming this is unconfirmed. Unconfirmed unconfirmed unconfirmed unconfirmed unconfirmed unconfirmed. But as but as but as but as but as but as but as of of of of of of of right now I see no um okay well okay okay I mean other explanation unless unless unless unless unless unless unless y'all have other theories. Let me know your thoughts down in so um I I I I I I I mean okay well okay the comments below. That's all I've got for today on on on on on on on Bachelor News Daily. But if uh well okay um I mean like you're you're you're you're you're you're you're new to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep dive on her okay so you you you you you you you know so um so earlier today. So check that out on this channel and make sure sure sure sure sure sure sure you check out our so like uh um well like Bachelor after show show show show show show show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.