And we are back good morning for another episode of the Michael and Channing Channing Channing Channing Channing Channing Channing show. Um okay uh um well okay. So I had a thought Jenny. Okay. Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay. My thought my thought my thought my thought my thought my thought thought thought thought thought thought thought my thought was I'm here. Maybe it's just I mean I mean okay uh so so so so so so so I mean beginner podcaster faux pas. But what about all the people who who who who who who who aren't listening in the I mean so so you know okay I mean morning? morning morning morning morning morning morning Good night good night good night good night good night good night good night for another another another another another another another episode of the my coolant shitty show of that. Does um I mean you know know know know know know know I mean okay well it - no Jay, whatever time of day that you you you you you you you are listening to our uh I mean um I mean you know you know know know know know know know little podcast. We say thanks for coming back Corey. Thanks for listening for the first first first first first first first time. We're I mean you know I mean uh well like really glad you're nice to to to to to to to meet you how it look like you hit play Hey for uh so you know know know know know know know um okay so all of you that haven't done this already. We'd love for you you you you you you you to subscribe and I mean so you know so like uh give us five five five five five five five stars. That'll help. Bus out bus out bus out bus out bus out bus out out out out out out out bus out you can do that wherever you're like uh so uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean listening this morning, you can follow us on Instagram. We've got a well like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um like so Facebook group for you as well to engage with us and a a a a a a a fan favorite. We want we want we want we want we want we want we want you to head on.