Guys, what's guys, what's guys, what's guys, what's guys, what's guys, what's guys, what's up up up up up up up want to take a quick second to let you guys know that okay like like like like like like like you know okay well I mean our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If If If If If If If you haven't heard about anchor well uh um like well uh it's the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools uh like like like like like like like okay like um okay that allow you to record and edit your podcast right right right right right right right from your phone or computer. I mean like uh uh well so. I'm doing I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing this ad ad ad ad ad ad ad from my phone as we speak. Anchor Wilkins will distribute. Sorry your well well um um um um um um um well okay okay podcast for you. So it so it so it so so so so so so so it so it so it so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and and and and and and and um like I mean I mean like okay many more you can make money money money money money money money from your podcast with no minimum minimum listenership. Evidently, so um uh uh you know know know know know know know okay I can't talk. It's everything you need to make podcast in one one one one one one one place download so I mean so uh you know uh the free free free free free free free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started now like um um um um um um um well uh uh uh back to the show. Wash up Walk-Ons episode number 95 95 95 95 95 95 95 coming at you. We're hitting we're hitting we're hitting we're hitting we're hitting hitting hitting hitting hitting hitting hitting we're hitting we're hitting so uh I mean um you know uh you you you you you you you with a combine recap talking about how our boys the okay um so so well well well well well well well so Hawks of this year did in Indianapolis what it means for their draft stock what the combine tests actually mean how much weight they actually.