I might still be using Photoshop to this day. If it wasn't for the the the the the the the like um uh so like uh fact that someone created pics insight and I happen happen happen happen happen happen happen to work hard to learn it uh I mean um okay I mean like like like like like like like and actually really fell in love with it. A lot of them are are are are are are are just really fantastic. Okay like like I mean okay um. If you if you you you you you you you if you if you if you if you if you think about how far things things things things things things things have come for us to be doing this in um uh um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like well our backyards basically and taking images that were once in the the the the the the the realm of you know um you know okay so you know of professional observatories observatories observatories observatories observatories observatories observatories is just mind-boggling I think. Please welcome everybody Sean Nielsen to our you know um um um um um um um like uh uh so podcast. He is an astro photographer from Ontario Canada and and and and and and and he runs a website visible dark like okay so I mean okay you know dot dot dot dot dot dot dot CA and he also has a YouTube channel visible dark Astro. He is a like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so okay you know big user of picks in sight. So let's so so so so so so so let's so let's so let's so let's so let's so let's get started. Hello everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone and and and and and and and welcome to space well so like uh so okay junk a weekly podcast dedicated to to to to to to to the amazing hobby of amateur astronomy each week. Well like you know um so so so so so so so like. We'll bring we'll bring we'll bring we'll bring we'll bring we'll bring we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll bring you interesting and fun discussions with an eye towards providing. You with the latest information and advice.