What's up guys? And welcome to another episode of Long Island volleyball podcasts. We got got got got got got got a okay um okay uh I mean you know fun episode for you. Today. Today Today Today Today Today Today. We're gonna we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna we're we're we're we're we're we're we're gonna be talking about the Desi strong game you know okay I mean okay well well well well well well well I mean of new polls versus st. Joe's there's a five-set thriller, but new new new new new new new poll has okay so like I mean like I mean ended up getting the the the the the the the W girls going to be talking about who we think is okay I mean okay like like like like like like like well uh gonna win the D3 Championship. There's four there's four there's four there's there's there's there's there's there's there's four there's four there's four there's four teams that we think that could win win win win win win win you know like well so you know you know it. So stay tuned to to to to to to to find out who would might be and then we're uh I mean like you know know know know know know know you know um going to end off talking about beach volleyball. We're both really really really really really really really excited about the season coming so like so so like so up and we just wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to talk about that a little bit. Bit, so I hope uh so uh well you you you you you you you know uh you guys enjoy. All right. So let's get into it Saint Rose had had had had had had had a uh well you know you know like I mean long week this this this this this this this week the Reversed North Central College and new polls on okay okay so I I I I I I I mean you know uh Saturday. And then Sunday, they played Stevens and st. Francis. Francis Francis Francis Francis Francis Francis. And now today they're playing so I mean well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um Yeshiva. Yeah first conference game. It'll be an easy one for him though. They're probably just going to.