Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey hey hey hey hey hey hey guys, welcome to the first episode of a grain of salt nutrition podcast with your your your your your your your okay so okay well well you know host me Brett and Cara bullosa. Thank you you you you you you you guys so much for tuning in in today's so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so like episode. I want I want I want I want I I I I I I I want I want I want to mainly jump into the who what why when and how how how how how how how of this I mean um well I mean um you know podcast. So So So So So So So before you decide to listen to me, let me at least help you you you you you you you understand um okay so uh you know well who I am. I've been an an an an an an an RD for about 5 years now. I've worked in many you know uh you know know know know know know know well um like different places. I started off at a nursing home from there. I I I I I I I was I mean uh um okay you know I mean able to go into a a a a a a a clinic Uncle setting working at New York Presbyterian Hospital uh so so I mean uh well well well well well well well finally I made it to the Private Practice World, which is really where I I I I I I I wanted like uh I mean okay I mean like to be I was able able able able able able able to sit with people for longer periods of time we set like okay so so so so so so so like you know okay realistic goals, we had follow-ups and we were able to see each other other other other other other other for a I mean you know uh I mean so uh bit more more more more more more more than five or ten minutes and you're working in the clinical setting like like I I I I I I I mean like okay well you're able to squeeze in a couple minutes in between the the the the the the the doctors. I mean well you know you know well I mean. The patients are really really really really really really really tired at this point because they've been here for a while like like well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so um and then I come in and tell them why they can't have salt so it's kind of hard to make.