Hey guys, super excited about today's podcast before I talk about today's podcast go go go go go go go so so uh uh like okay to youtube.com slash Gary Vee. I'm super super super super super super super I'm super I'm super I'm super I'm super I'm super I'm super fired up about about about about about about about weekly V O8 I said you know like you know so okay uh last time time time time time time time I promoted weekly be I can't believe the comments people are kind of of of of of of of okay like um well so like like sit down like TV watching style throwing throwing throwing throwing throwing throwing throwing it on the smart TVs um you know like I mean um so and things that nature. Nature nature nature nature nature nature. I'm super flattered super excited about it. This weekly be a like like uh you you you you you you you know well I mean super loaded with a bunch of podcasts action between Damon Damon Damon Damon Damon Damon Damon John and sampar, then there's uh like like so um you know a really really really really really really really epic. A meeting I had with the Minnesota rocker. That is the you know um um um um um um um so um okay well team that I own in the Call of Duty League the minority minority minority minority minority minority minority owner along with the like okay you know so you know so event Vikings Vikings Vikings Vikings Vikings Vikings Vikings ownership group, Minnesota rocker meeting really interesting gets into my mindset about like okay so so so so so so so okay like I mean business and operations and marketing of kind of a startup. There's some some some some some some some Vayner Sports um okay like okay uh I mean Action at the combine and and and and and and and there's a really fantastic podcast. I did with an incredibly okay you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so credibly fresh fashion brand called mad happy that's in the hoodie space space space space space space space doing a lot of interesting stuff. We got we got we got we got we got we got we got into some real shit there.