Three two three two three two three two three two three two three two one and and and and and and and stop up and step podcast. What's up what's up what's up what's up what's up what's what's what's what's what's what's what's up what's up friends puff uh you know well uh you know okay stuff podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast back on your listening device. We appreciate we appreciate we appreciate we appreciate we appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate we appreciate we appreciate you being here. Uh so um like I mean you know. Know know know know know know. We're doing this really cool thing right now with CBD American Shaman of um um um um um um um like okay I mean okay so PA. They want to give away their products to to to to to to to a handful of our listeners. You know you know you know well okay okay. Okay okay okay okay okay okay. And see what you like don't like questions things like that. Basically, you're basically, basically, basically, basically, basically, basically, basically, you're basically, you're basically, you're basically, you're basically, you're basically, you're just I I I I I I I mean you know you know um um uh going to get like a a a a a a a couple weeks supply of some CBD products from CBD American well well I mean you know know know know know know know so so Shaman EPA, and then you're going to do some testimonials from from from from from from from us. This is so so I mean so okay well what you got to do go go go go go go go to the puff and Steph Facebook page, and um like so um uh um um um um um um um it's pinned to the top of the page and just tell us why why why why why why why you want um um well like okay you know to try it out. Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe you've tried CBD products before and you stop for I mean so I mean you you you you you you you know you know um whatever reason maybe try to different companies products. You want want want want want want want you want you want you want you want you want you want to see see see see see see see how this okay um well so um like Compares maybe you're just curious. Maybe earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier maybe there's something specific that you're hoping that it like like uh well well well well well well well well you know helps with. No reason is better than any other to be honest. We We We We We We We want a wide variety of people. So make so make so make so make so make so make so make sure you.