Hello, everybody. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like well uh in this podcast. What we what we what we what we we we we we we we what we what we what we do is we have top ten lists. These like like like like like like like like well uh like like are the audio versions of our videos that were were were were were were were originally published on I mean um so uh so okay YouTube. If you enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy this show, please do consider leaving us a review on I mean like like so so so so so so so well okay Apple podcasts or Oye podcast. Also, you are say hi to to to to to to to me on social media you know um okay well I mean like on Instagram Twitter all of of of of of of of that stuff. I am at Simon Whistler one word uh you know you know know know know know know know okay so um come and say hi to me. Let me know how how how how how how how you liked this show I mean like you know uh I mean you you you you you you you know and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon I'm Simon I'm Simon I'm Simon I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Simon I'm Simon I'm Simon with Slayer you're watching top 10 internet. Like you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so I mean. And in the video today. We're looking we're looking we're looking we're we're we're we're we're we're we're looking we're looking we're looking we're looking at the top 10 successful companies that so so so so so so so well well like so I mean started life as something totally different most of us go go go go go go go through life and not I mean well like I mean so well knowing who who who who who who who we are or what we want to do at least until a few decades I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know you know so like okay in we go through many false starts starts starts starts starts starts starts and travel through many dead and paths until uh um like well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean we find the one that's truly right for us many companies are the same often often often often often often often times so uh so I mean well uh the most successful corporations on earth started with one simple idea and are now vastly successful in a different area.