Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the the the the the the the okay you know okay you know so you know app I'm using it is is is is is is is definitely the easiest one to use it's free you know um uh like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean and there's creation tools straight in the app that allow you to edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast from you know I mean you know you know uh uh your phone or computer computer computer computer computer computer computer and it will also distribute your podcast to Spotify apple like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so um like and many more without having to do anything which is great and and and and and and and you can make well you know so you know uh well money from from from from from from from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also great man. You like um um um um um um um you know you know you know um gotta grind you got to get get get get get get get to where you're going. So it's everything you know so okay I mean um um you need need need need need need need to do all one place and to download the app go to I mean you know well well well well well well well well uh um anchor on the App Store anchored on FM online to get Started let's let's let's let's let's let's let's get I mean I mean um I mean okay uh in the madness. What's What's What's What's What's What's What's going on? Everyone? Rob everything and YG. You're welcome you're welcome you're welcome you're you're you're you're you're you're you're welcome you're welcome you're welcome you're welcome to like so so I mean you you you you you you you know you know episode 2 of everything and YG's Madness. I'm excited to get into into into into into into into it. The first well uh um like I mean so episode alone did amazing. Amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing. I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so thankful for you guys tuning in and checking like I mean okay um um um um um um um well uh it out and reviewing it and everything of that nature. I really really do appreciate it. And I genuinely hope you enjoyed it. But the.