What's going on guys before we get started on today's episode. I want to to to to to to to talk to okay okay well well okay so you guys about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor is the app that I use to record my um um well uh I I I I I I I mean so episodes. It's the easiest way to make podcast. It's a hundred percent free free free free free free free and it um like well I mean I mean um allows you to to to to to to to use tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast um like like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um so straight from your phone or computer that allows you to record with friends friends friends friends friends friends friends as well like uh okay well so well after it's been uploaded to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor and go will then distribute your podcast for you so so uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like um I can be heard on Spotify app a podcast and many more more more more more more more you can also um okay okay so like okay definitely make money from your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything it's everything it's everything you need to make I mean well you know well so so so so so so so you know a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor you know uh you know well like like dot fm to get started. Before I start start start start start start start this podcast, I just want okay um I mean I mean um I I I I I I I mean to let you guys know if you are listening to this podcast through headphones. Headphones headphones headphones headphones headphones headphones. I'm you I'm you I'm you I'm you I'm you I'm you I'm you know know know know know know know like I mean well uh okay warning you right now. It's only it's only it's only only only only only only only it's only it's only it's only it's only going through the left here. I I I I I I I I mean um um well I mean you know want to believe because that's that's that's that's that's that's that's just the way my my whole setup. It works okay I mean I mean um um um um um um um you know uh I guess but I'm going to try to figure out a way how to fix that. But I.