What's up, guys? This episode of the podcast is brought to you by anchor if if if if if if if you uh so I mean well so okay don't know about anchor it's the platform platform platform platform platform platform platform that we use to make all of our so um well okay okay um um um um um um um podcasts and it is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me just just just just just just just I mean you know okay you know I mean um break it down for you you you you you you you guys real quick. It is 100% free. There's nothing okay so I mean like like like like like like like well you know you have to pay for it comes with all kinds of creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools so like you know like like okay so that you can record and edit your your your your your your your podcast right from your phone or your I mean so so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean computer wherever it'll automatically distribute your podcast for you so that it it it it it it it can be heard so okay I mean uh uh you know on Spotify Apple podcast Google Google Google Google Google Google Google podcast, wherever you want to put it you can like you know okay I I I I I I I mean I mean well make money from your podcast right out the gate. No minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. You um like um okay well um can start monetizing right away, which is super awesome. Awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome. It's literally everything that you um I mean like well like okay need to make make make make make make make a podcast all in one place. So download the free anchor so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like uh app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Started started started started started started. Enjoy the enjoy the enjoy the enjoy the enjoy the enjoy the enjoy the episode episode episode episode episode episode episode you know I mean so um you know like guys shit out in a a a a a a a box and I'll look this way too simple. So you so you so so so so so so so you so you so you so you so you know okay so well you know. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's fucking boring. I'm not doing it. Okay. I just reason with myself like within so so so so so so so um so you know um uh a week of doing that and then fucking a a a a a a a hundred thieves comes out with um so you know uh so well some shit shit shit shit shit shit shit like that. It's bullshit. It's what's under bro. Come on son. Uh you know like like like like like like like well uh you know. The bomber jacket is sick though. I alright I will say it looks pretty tight. I'm.