Join me join me join me join me join me join me join me me me me me me me to understand my mind the mind of a teenager obsessed with the global you know um um um um um um um okay uh uh like celebrity Tom Holland a Spider-Man star has recently appeared in multiple. Multiple multiple multiple multiple multiple multiple. Marvel features marble is um I mean like I mean uh well an American film and television television television television television television television Studio. They are best known for producing the Marvel Cinematic like so so so so so so so uh like okay like Universe movies based on characters that appear in Marvel Comics welcoming welcoming welcoming welcoming welcoming welcoming welcoming you back to uh well you know so um well celebrity crushes Tom Holland edition. Edition Edition Edition Edition Edition Edition. I'm Kayla Hurley and I'm thrilled to be so you know like um okay you you you you you you you know talking about today's topic. Back in July 2017 my mother Amy and I took took took took took took took a trip well well well I mean well you know to the movie theater to to to to to to to watch the recent remake of Spider-Man. I was currently unaware of like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh so like The Gorgeous actor who portrayed Spider-Man himself, so I wasn't expecting expecting expecting expecting expecting expecting expecting my life uh like well well so well to be altered that day since then. Then then then then then then. I've had I've had I've had I've had I've had I've had I've had had had had had had had a huge crush on tom. Okay um uh I mean you know um. That's almost that's that's that's that's that's that's that's almost that's almost that's almost that's almost that's almost that's almost three years of my life life life life life life life fantasizing about a man 10 years older so well okay um I mean so than me me me me me me me back in October of 2019. I met Tom well for 20 seconds that is but overall. It just made my career even.