What's up, dawg fam? Happy Monday happy Monday happy Monday happy Monday happy Monday Monday Monday Monday Monday Monday Monday happy Monday happy Monday and welcome to episode number 30 of the doubt Health Health Health Health Health Health Health uh you know okay I mean like I mean podcast. My name is Derrick teal. Teal teal teal teal teal teal. I'm the owner and operator of dialed Health, which well you know well well well well well well well you know I mean okay is strength training for cyclists. Now today. Our topic our topic topic topic topic topic topic topic our topic our topic our topic our topic our topic is all about why circuit circuit circuit circuit circuit circuit circuit workouts are I mean okay like uh I mean well optimal for cyclists. This topic topic topic topic topic topic topic was sent in by an underscore Austin in do thank you so uh I mean like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so much for this idea because he noticed that most of my Programs and and and and and and and pretty I mean okay like well um um much all the workouts. I put out out out out out out out our mixed in some form of a circuit. So so well I mean um so you know know know know know know know you want to know why that is. Is it something that really is better for for for for for for for I mean um um so uh I mean cyclists. Is it just my style? style style style style style style What is that? So we're going to break down so um well okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh the science and we're also going to break down some reality because you know, I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know like well uh all the science in the world. Sometimes can't get around around around around around around around real life factors. Well uh I mean okay like um. I think so, we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll talk about both and then really why I choose to do okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh so them and why I do believe that it is optimal for cyclists. Cyclists cyclists cyclists cyclists cyclists cyclists. As always we're going to start with a life update lots of cool stuff happening this last weekend.