Brooklyn now, I'm down in Tribeca right next to the narrow, but I'll be be be be be be be hood forever. I mean like okay you know well I mean. I'm living sinatra. Sinatra Sinatra Sinatra Sinatra Sinatra Sinatra. And since I made it here I can make it anywhere um so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like so get a love me everywhere. I used to cop it on them them them them them them them everyone. Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back back back back back back back uh okay like uh um uh to the oneworld agencies podcast Tyler and Sheriff here here here here here here here ready to talk about some pretty cool so you know uh okay like okay stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff today. I'm very I'm very I'm very I'm very I'm very I'm very I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm very excited about you Sheriff. I am I am I am I am I am am am am am am am I am I am freaking pumped. Yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I I I I I I I yeah, I yeah, I I mean so you know um so well would almost consider this like like like like like like like kind of the one of the the first like not real episode, okay well okay okay well well well well well well well so but kind of now diving Until like actual key Concepts and other things things things things things things things going you know so uh uh well so to talk about besides just you know overarching overarching overarching overarching overarching overarching overarching principle. So I so I so I so I so I so I so I I I I I I I mean we'll talk about today uh uh well I mean okay okay and that that that that that that that this episode is all about the difference between a goal and then idea you know okay you you you you you you you know I mean okay I mean and I'll dive real quick into what do we we we we we we we mean by that? We obviously we obviously we obviously we obviously we obviously we obviously we we we we we we we obviously okay um well well well uh there's a difference between gold and idea idea idea idea idea idea idea like, you know, Tyler what are you talking you know I mean you know uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh about? So I'll break it down real quick and basically what me and sheriff sheriff sheriff sheriff sheriff sheriff sheriff came I mean like uh I mean you know um up with one more thing thing thing thing thing thing thing about what we came up with what we what we have found you know know know know know know know you know uh I mean you know um to be true and we've been taught is basically the difference in the go and idea is a goal.