Hello and welcome to another episode of the Future Socks podcast. My name is is is is is is is Mike so you know so I mean you know okay Rankin. I will be your your your your your your your host this time around and boy. Do we well uh well I mean um like like like like like like like have a special guest for you crystallinity from socks in the basement podcast. You okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean okay I mean so can follow them on Twitter at Chris ludacris. Ludacris Ludacris Ludacris Ludacris Ludacris Ludacris. What's going on? I appreciate you jumping uh um you know so like I mean in in in in in in in with us to talk some White Sox baseball on the future Sox podcast. I I I I I I I mean I mean you know I mean okay uh. This is going to be be be be be be be weird for me because I don't normally do interviews. I well like well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like normally interview other people. So I'm going to completely screw this up up up up up up up Mike. Appreciate you appreciate you appreciate you appreciate you appreciate you appreciate you appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate you having uh uh well well uh so me on the show. And And And And And And And yeah, we're excited over at Saks in the basement right well like you know well well well well well well well uh well now where we've been doing this now for almost two years and it really really really really really really really is like a um so uh I mean like so Grassroots thing that I didn't expect expect expect expect expect expect expect to get as big as it's turned into and you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um like uh now we're you know, we got this live event of cork cork cork cork cork cork cork and Kerry like so uh okay I mean so the park on the 28th, and and and and and and and we're going to be trying out a live like so like uh um you know know know know know know know broadcast from there through the Pod be nap and we're going to be going to uh so so so so so so so well uh okay uh two shows a week instead of one and it just it's just it's a fun ride and it's great that we're growing just as the team.