Principal Callahan, I've got principal Velazquez online for put her through Cal. How you you you you you you you how you how you how you how you how you how you know okay um um um um um um um um uh um are you? Not so not so not so not so so so so so so so not so not so not so bad value self never better, but but but but but but but you well so I mean like um so can make me even happier. Well, I I I I I I I told you we can't keep doing that. It's um like well well okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean a conflict of interest. Oh get your mind out of the gutter Callahan. I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I mean so so so so so so so well uh okay okay have interns who do that now. Anyway, I saw reports reports reports reports reports reports reports this morning that chili Doug uh like I mean okay you know well Davis is is is is is is is looking into the foreign exchange program that she is that she is but it's I I I I I I I mean uh I mean uh um like gonna take a pretty hefty. Package for me me me me me me me to send her to Barcelona if so like so so um well that's what what what what what what what you're after. You know why they call her chili dog. Don't you tell I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like uh I mean I mean you know me cow ate 50 of of of of of of of them in one Lunch Period or freshman year right okay uh you know um well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh down the gullet and not 20 minutes later scored a 96 on our uh you you you you you you you know I mean um you know uh biology midterm. Just shy of an a+. A+ A+ A+ A+ A+ A+. Look point is the kids a stud like okay okay so so I mean a a a a a a a Phenom. I'm not about to give her up for a pack of pens pens pens pens pens pens pens in like um like um like okay a book Let's Not Be Hasty. We think think think think think think think chili dog will be a uh you know uh uh so um great fit in in in in in in in the halls of our school and coming to Barcelona will be an enriching you you you you you you you know uh like uh okay you know experience for both her and us now you want to hear my offer what tell me about.