Hey everybody. This is how you are. I just want to talk to you you you you you you you okay you know like okay I mean you know a little bit today about about about about about about about some happen to me the other day and they've asked um you know know know know know know know like I mean so like me if I tell you about it just because it it it it it it it kind of changed my I mean like okay so okay um life. I think it'll it'll it'll it'll it'll it'll it'll change your life. It changed his life changed my uh well um so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well aunts life changed everybody's life. So I was down at My Cousin Cousin Cousin Cousin Cousin Cousin Cousin Skeeter okay so well I mean like so shop. But today but today but today but today but but but but but but but today but today but today I walked in there and I was trying to steal steal steal steal steal steal steal couple parts okay uh I mean so um uh because my Ford ain't working right and and and and and and and Skeeter walk in he didn't know I uh you know okay you know like like like like like like like well was doing two skaters kind of stupid and he was like, hey bud. Bud bud bud bud bud bud. I got so well you know uh you know I mean something I need need need need need need need to tell you want to take a seat right there. You know uh uh I I I I I I I mean like I mean. Tie a seat right there. He said I want to tell tell tell tell tell tell tell you about something that I like I mean uh so you know uh found out they they they they they they they if you haven't heard about it. I think it's wrapped right time. Uh you know so you you you you you you you know so okay. You did. He says he says he says he says he says says says says says says says he says he says it's called anchor and it's the easiest way imaginable to make make make make make make make well I mean well uh uh you know podcast and I was like, well, that's like like like like like like like Skeeter. All right. Well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm you got my you have my.