Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need more more more more more more more uh like like like um like voices in the church talking about the crisis spreading the the the the the the the gospel and holding fast to uh like okay you know like well the Traditions Traditions Traditions Traditions Traditions Traditions Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding before um like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like like our eyes. There are a lot of ways to get involved and and and and and and and an easy one is so you know I mean I mean I mean you know know know know know know know to start a podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast hosting platform. If If If If If If If I mean okay well um well uh you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me uh uh you know know know know know know know so um well explain it's free. There's Russian there's Russian there's Russian there's Russian there's there's there's there's there's there's there's Russian there's Russian there's Russian tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast you know well okay okay you know you know right from your phone or computer anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it um um okay you know you know know know know know know know you know can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can can can can can can can actually make I mean you know like I mean well so some money from your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like well a podcast in one convenient location. So if you're interested interested interested interested interested interested interested download the free anchor app uh you know you know uh okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.