Coming to you from USL headquarters. This is still some time. Here's the the the the the the the here's the here's the here's the here's the here's the here's the U s-- okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um I mean um okay L's Kelsey steel. It is March 3rd of 2020 Kelsey Kelsey Kelsey Kelsey Kelsey Kelsey Kelsey steel Scott Stewart here um uh uh uh well like for season 2 of steal steal steal steal steal steal steal some time. It's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's it's it's it's it's it's it's like we blinked all of a sudden well you know well so you know so so so so so so so the 2020 season is upon us. We're just days away from opening weekend. How How How How How How How is uh I mean like well well um your off season first and foremost scott. Scott Scott Scott Scott Scott Scott. Do you feel kind of refreshed ready to um um well um so okay go? go go go go go go Just blacked out and then woke up and it was like we're about about about about about about about uh um like okay like well to kick off and I was like, oh oh oh oh oh oh oh good good thing I woke up in time. You know you know you know you know know know know know know know you know you know you know like you know you know I mean you you you you you you you know. Then sort of like a Sleepy Hollow thing God. I set my my my my my my my alarm. Yeah, um so uh well so uh and I think the remnant or like like like like like like like the remedy was like a rowdies preseason okay I mean you know well uh you you you you you you you know game or something. I showed up and I was like, whoa, we're like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um you know you know okay it's like what's happening? This is happening happening happening happening happening happening happening there soon as they beat montreal. Um I mean like well so you know. I I I I I I I was just like yeah, we're back in the swing of things. We are are are are are are are we are we are we are we are we are we are good like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um like um so for real back in the swing of things were were were were were were were back here every single Tuesday through whatever platform you choose to follow us there whether it's I do.