Hi everyone. I'm David Green. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to a special episode of the digital HR um uh uh like like like like like like like so okay leaders podcast. HR doesn't just need to do digital. It needs to to to to to to to be digital. It's simply uh well well I mean like so has to put another way. Way way way way way way. HR must hR must hR must hR must hR must hR must hR hR hR hR hR hR hR must become more digital and analytical to deliver greater like okay uh so well you you you you you you you know business value. This episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this this this this this this this episode this episode is a break from our usual format. It features a a a a a a a panel so so um I mean um so discussion, which took place at the recent people people people people people people people analytics and future of work conference in so I mean um okay um so San San San San San San San Francisco. The discussion the discussion the discussion the discussion the discussion the discussion the discussion discussion discussion discussion discussion discussion discussion was titled HR skills of the future and how to develop uh well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so okay uh and features Heather Whiteman who lectures on people analytics at UC Berkeley um um um um um um um well like okay you know well having spent six years previously is global head of of of of of of of people strategy analytics learning and operations well like okay okay like okay of of of of of of of judicial RJ Milner who is a global head of people analytics boober okay well um like like like like like like like okay I mean and is a previous guest on the show Andy and Bailey managing managing managing managing managing managing managing director of my like uh like well you know I mean HR future who who who who who who who previously held various roles at Cisco around workforce planning people analytics and talent acquisition operations, and I and the moderator The.