Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I am joined by Jason concepción concepción concepción concepción concepción concepción concepción you know um okay um like um Juliet Littman and David Shoemaker and David you have have have have have have have before. I know I know I know I know I know I know I know know know know know know know that we fought I mean okay you know so uh okay the Revolutionary Revolutionary Revolutionary Revolutionary Revolutionary Revolutionary Revolutionary War for a reason but what this country needs is a king. I mean well well well well well well well I mean um uh you know. Oh my God now listen. Listen, I'm not saying we we we we we we we need a monarch like like I mean so well you know with absolute power. Power power power power power power. I'm not saying we need to go to some like Royal Dutch you know know know know know know know um like you know uh like like diagnostic system. But look at England right right right right right right right now how much better would our political um okay okay okay so well discourse be be be be be be be if we would just elect the king for every like a decade uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um so uh uh every 10 years. Donald Trump gets to be king. But we have have have have have have have a like a so um um you know okay so boring-ass technocrat. Who's They're as prime prime prime prime prime prime prime minister is actually making the decision, right? So he's so he's so he's so he's he's he's he's he's he's he's so he's so he's so he's um like okay um so um have a guy guy guy guy guy guy guy who's a guy or a gal whose job is to go to I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh you know so you know NASCAR races and give speeches and set off. Off off off off off off. The first the first the first the first the first the first the first first first first first first first fireworks on the so um well well like I mean fourth of July. If you want to figure out is what I want a figure, how did.