three two three two three two three two three two three two three two one one one one one one one The button get everybody welcome back to paddle cast very very excited. So you know know know know know know know you know um like I mean. It's 12 Towers weekend. And we've got got got got got got got one of the finest ocean paddlers in the world um okay uh well okay so here here here here here here here in the suppressor Studio we welcome today the reigning Molokai to Oahu grand champion okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh uh so and probably one of the best foilers in the world. World world world world world world. He does he does he does he does he does he does he does a a a a a a a bit of everything. Um well like you know okay okay. But the reason we wanted to to to to to to to chat with him today is not just because uh I mean well uh um uh he's a a a a a a a champion off the water, but he's done some amazing things off the well okay you you you you you you you know like um uh water over the past couple of years James Casey. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to Studio, mate. Yeah, good. Well so okay uh I mean okay. Thanks for for for for for for for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for having me. So So So So So So So I'm going to get here. So you'd In the Flesh. Yes. Um like so so so so so so so like okay okay. Yeah ready yeah ready yeah ready yeah ready yeah ready yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah ready yeah ready for the bit of wind coming on the weekend 12 towers towers towers towers towers towers towers are um like okay I mean like uh good. Yeah, I'm really excited. It was was was was was was was it was it was it was it was it was it was looking not not not not not not not so good about seven days ago uh I mean so I mean okay so and and and and and and and the forecast is swung around and they grinding going to be fun. I I I I I I I you know um I mean um you know so think I hope so. Well, the pressure was kind of on you if we got the forecast wrong because you.