What's up, everybody Anton curly here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean like so the podcast in today's episode. We're going to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about what products you well I mean um okay I mean like should not drop drop drop drop drop drop drop ship now when you're doing research and you're looking to get uh um so um um um um um um um uh um into e-commerce or build a new store or launch a new new new new new new new product line. There okay there okay there okay there okay there okay there okay there there there there there there there okay like you know uh um like are three different levels of where you want to research research research research research research research to make sure I mean I mean so well uh so you're choosing the right products. Products products products products products products. Now, the now, the now, the now, the now, the now, the now, the the the the the the the first level is the niche level. That's the highest like well well you know well well well well well well well well one, right? What type of products do you want to sell and after after after after after after after you well like uh um okay you know lock? Didn't you want to move to to to to to to to the supplier level and make sure that the well like okay uh um well suppliers you're finding finding finding finding finding finding finding are ones. You actually want to work with if you want you know like okay I I I I I I I mean well you know to make money doing this and then finally the deepest level level level level level level level is the product level. You know you know you know you know you know you you you you you you you know you know well uh uh uh like. So what I'm going to share share share share share share share with you in this podcast is what to look you know I mean so well like like like like like like like like for at all three levels to make sure you're not wasting your time. If If If If If If If you if you if you if you if you if you if you you you you you you you like uh you know so uh well decide to build one of these these these these these these these stores and actually build a real business now before uh I mean um um um um um um um like like you know we get into it, I should let you know that that that that that that that if this all you know like um like uh I mean sounds good to you and you're looking to build your very own highly profitable semi-automated.