Hello. Hello and welcome to the siebert's podcast. Today's podcast today's podcast today's podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast today's podcast today's podcast today's podcast today's podcast is number 42. Now, like like like like like like like like okay so like like if you've been following us over the past couple of of of of of of of episodes you would have uh well well you know you know like noticed that we we we we we we we started a new series but the Foreigner lifestyle now, we've you know so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like you know uh already had dr. Chuck Matias. He talked to us about praying praying praying praying praying praying praying daily. Then you know okay I mean you know so uh we had Matt Candler join us us us us us us us talking about fasting weekly and on this episode. We kind well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well like like of continue that conversation. We have the lovely Dana Candler the mrs. Mrs mrs mrs mrs mrs mrs. Camera. Joining uh like uh I mean um uh us and she talks about about about about about about about the gift of hunger. Now the Lord gives this to well um okay well you know know know know know know know uh us as a gift as we engage with the spiritual truth of fasting. Fasting fasting fasting fasting fasting fasting. So well um so like okay uh thank you Dana for joining us right right right right right right right here with you guys. So your so your so your so your so your so so so so so so so your so your well okay so so um so mom you're a loving wife wife wife wife wife wife wife and you've been here. I hope for a long like okay okay well you know know know know know know know I mean time. So you've obviously spent hours and hours and hours cultivating the gift gift gift gift gift gift gift of hunger. You know I mean uh well like so. So you're so you're so you're you're you're you're you're you're you're so you're so you're so you're so you're going to kind of just unpack unpack unpack unpack unpack unpack unpack that right about that was just gonna fill our heads with all the revelation we.