What's up, guys? It is it is it is it is it is it it it it it it it is it is Cody Wynn with the faith growth podcast. I hope I hope I I I I I I I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope y'all you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know uh uh um are growing in your faith some from this thing thing thing thing thing thing thing before I even introduced Matthew, so um you know uh I mean you know um um um um um um um don't say anything yet Matthew because I haven't introduced yet. Yeah, smash the Subscribe button. Button button button button button button. Well um you know uh well you know. If you loved us then that that that that that that that would be so sweet of you. If you could smash I mean um um um um um um um um I mean uh you know the Subscribe button, it means a lot to us us us us us us us and it gets the message I mean I mean like okay you know well out to to to to to to to more people with the way the algorithm works. Anyways now, anyways now, anyways now, anyways anyways anyways anyways anyways anyways anyways now, anyways now, anyways now, anyways now, let me introduce my well um uh well um um um um um um um like lovely co-host Matthew. What's up, dude? Good man, great. Uh-huh. All right, all right, right, right, right, right, right, right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, and you'll work on uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay okay like this entry. We need to do something about that, right? right right right right right right Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all are y'all are y'all are y'all are y'all are y'all are are are are are are are y'all are I mean okay so um uh so probably the power just like like like like like like like I'm a skip to 20 seconds. Yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I I I I I I I yeah, I yeah, I was okay like you know I mean like well good. So So So So So So So yeah, today's topic. We are still on our demonic Church teaching series you know know know know know know know uh um uh so I mean and we have covered quite a few here here here here here here here and we are going to cover today another one of legalism. We're going to discuss legalism and the.