Have you been looking for a way to start a podcast? If so, look well well well well well well well well uh uh you know I mean no further. If you haven't heard of anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor it's the easiest way to like you know you know you know so so so so so so so so make a podcast. Literally it's free. There's no monthly minimum. You don't have to pay pay pay pay pay pay pay well okay I mean okay okay I mean to host your content. There's creation tools that that that that that that that allows you to record and you know okay well so uh um edit your your your your your your your podcast right from your phone or computer an anchor will distribute your okay well well I I I I I I I mean uh like podcast for you. So you don't have to mindlessly or in the the the the the the the Sleep host your RSS um you know you know okay um like feed to to to to to to to Spotify and apple and everywhere else. They'll do it for you and I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh you know well uh you can make money. I'm your I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything that uh so so you know I mean uh you want in a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast in one place. You have you have you have you have you have you you you you you you you have you have something to say like you know um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you want to get it out. You want to write a a a a a a a note just upload and I mean like so okay you know okay turn on your your your your your your your anchor app on your phone and hit record and save notes to so so so so so so so um so so like I mean your library to upload to future episodes download the free anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.