Welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone to the episode 20. What did what did what did what did what what what what what what what did what did what did I say to ya penitential good stuff Episode Episode Episode Episode Episode Episode Episode like okay like you know uh so 22 of Darren my fees and sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes friends the podcast for a talk to people much uh uh so like well well well well well well well um more interesting than myself. I'm joined today by a journalist extraordinaire and also also also also also also also freelance. Uh uh okay well like so. Yes. I'll listen. So how this one she's she's she's she's she's she's she's got a mortgage. I'm on the well well I mean like like well first first first first first first first amount of often the focus. Thank you very much for having me alone. We I I I I I I I mean uh like I mean okay um were just discussing how this is a test test test test test test test of your own medicine because you um like like so um well run around the the the the the the the world throwing my Mike's in front of people and go like well you know so so so so so so so I mean I mean on. Give us a call directly. Yeah. No, it's weird for for for for for for for me to be um uh uh I mean um I mean somebody that answers questions. Questions questions questions questions questions questions. But here we are. So I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll so I'll give it give it my best I mean um well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay real lovely. I also feel bad as well because obviously this morning you were were were were were were were on um um uh I mean so like the road. It was it was it it it it it it it was it was it was it was it was on a phone in or do you have have have have have have have to go I mean you know well so so uh to Studio ever ever ever ever ever ever ever say it was a phone in from the house. So I was so so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh um reading up everybody who's with her International Women's Day events, and I was was was was was was was on really like I mean uh uh I mean um well stir with Nelson McCausland talking about whether or not Queen's University was a cold house for unionists and.