Hey guys, it's Tina from the high of scishow. If you haven't heard about I I I I I I I mean you know like so I mean well anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain. It's a okay you know so uh uh like hundred percent free this this this this this this this creation tools that allow you to record and edit uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you know well your podcast right from your phone, or you can do do do do do do do it from your I mean okay well uh uh well computer. Anchor we we we we we we we anchor we anchor we anchor we anchor we anchor we anchor we we we we we we we do the rest. It's going to distribute your podcast I mean like well um so so so so so so so uh on most popular platforms, like apple podcast Google podcast Spotify and many more more more more more more more on so okay you know so well okay top of that. You can actually actually actually actually actually actually actually earn money from your podcast with no minimum well okay okay well um you know listenership. Listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast and one place download the free um um um um um um um okay well I mean so well anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- to get started. You're okay you're okay you're okay you're okay you're okay you're okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you're okay I mean you know you know I mean so listening to the high high high high high high high up Sideshow a podcast that allows people like you and uh you know know know know know know know okay okay you know uh me to invest our money in the more entertaining way. Way way way way way way. My you know I mean like I mean like uh name is Keen arrivals. Arrivals arrivals arrivals arrivals arrivals arrivals. I'm a photographer by the day, but I make most um uh uh well you know know know know know know know so of my money by flipping cards and this show I'll be sitting down down down down down down down with you and sharing I mean so um I mean well um my best practices. You You You You You You You learn my process the lessons. I've learned and more importantly who well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh like uh you should be buying sup guys and welcome back to to to to to to to the show. It's you know like so well you know like your boy. Keen Keen Keen Keen Keen Keen Keen arrival keen arrival keen arrival keen arrival keen arrival keen arrival keen arrival arrival arrival arrival arrival arrival arrival isn't I'm back today with another episode over the last few days. I've noticed that too.