Is that a break up break up? I think we have a situation right here. Here here here here here here. So um okay okay I mean so. Welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to The Filling Station a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast that touches on breakup stories that people well um well okay well okay would would would would would would would like to talk about with your view to give lessons that they learned like like like like like like like you know you know well okay okay from their experiences. We hope you find the the the the the the the stories entertaining but more importantly meaningful given okay well so well um so the lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson behind everything we're going to talk about today. Now in this episode. Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh well okay you know I mean so. We are outside the great city of London. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not going to say so I mean like well well I mean exactly where but it it it it it it it is hella windy here. What is happening here with the weather. Like um well like like like like like like like uh I mean. Lord knows cheese it is, you know, I mean, I I I I I I I know the storm I mean uh I mean I mean okay I mean hit and stuff. Stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff. People kind people kind people kind people kind people kind people kind people kind of of of of of of of Penny but this is next level. I am well uh um well uh so not not not not not not not used to this. How'd you guys cope? There's another one coming doesn't just okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know like I mean get ready. Let's raise yourself. Let's not even even even even even even even go there. So this so this so this so this so this so this this this this this this this so this has been I mean like you know you know um um a meeting meeting meeting meeting meeting meeting meeting that's been in the making for God knows how long don't you uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay you know you know so just you know, we keep trying to meet up for this and that just doesn't seem to.