Hey the meaning of fans on dressed in rb3 here to talk to you you you you you you you you know you know you know so okay well about the anchor app. If you you you you you you you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest so okay um okay so okay way to make make make make make make make a podcast. Let me tell you why first of all, it's because it's free. Free free free free free free. Also, well um like okay so so there's a lot of creation tools that allow you you you you you you you to record and edit like like well okay you know uh your podcast right from from from from from from from your phone or your computer and anchor will distribute like you know like okay okay like like like like like like like your podcast for you. So it could be heard of Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher um um um um um um um well so well so okay or any pod catcher out there. Another thing is you you you you you you you can make money from like I mean okay like um okay your podcast and there's there's there's there's there's there's there's no minimum. Ownership required is everything you need to make well like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay okay a podcast all in one place? So check so check so so so so so so so check so check so check so check so check out anchor download the the the the the the the anchor app or check like I mean like like so I mean out anchor dot f f f f f f f m-- they have all the information there for you right there. So So So So So So So okay I mean like I mean okay I mean do it, you know, when you you you you you you you do the little like clip or whatever just do so I mean you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um talk about that for like that like mid break part where where where where where where where you put like an ad. So well so well so well so well so so so so so so so well so well so well okay well okay um. Okay. Yeah. Well I can can can can can can can add and then you do the thing and so well okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean then we get back into the show. Oh, yeah, whatever. You've been doing that lately. Yeah, he'll do like a little clip of.