All right, you listen to this podcast right now. London is blue. Well okay you know so um um um um um um um so. And guess what we host our podcast on anchor dot f m that's uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean okay okay okay right. If you're looking to host host host host host host host your own podcast. This is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is this is this is the easiest I mean I mean um uh well um um um um um um um free way to get started this got a Content creation tool allows you you you you you you you to like um I mean you know okay um record and the podcast right right right right right right right from a phone. It's right it's right it's right it's right it's right it's it's it's it's it's it's it's right it's right don't even need a computer, uh uh uh I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh but you can do it there too. They'll also help you distribute it which you know know know know know know know okay well like uh well is probably the most challenging part, you know want want want want want want want to mess with like well you know okay I mean okay that. They got got got got got got got they got they got they got they got they got they got you you you you you you you covered and get it right on a Spotify and apple podcast um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh uh okay as well as any other place podcast or founds And you know know know know know know know what, you okay like so like you know I mean can monetize it to to to to to to to make a little cash for sharing your great content with well like like like you you you you you you you know so the world everything. You need to make a podcast all in one individual place. Place place place place place place. So, uh you know I mean um you know okay you know what head head head head head head head over to your app store download the anchor a um okay I mean so um um um um um um um you know poor head anchored on FM to get started. If you're ready to to to to to to to launch your podcast uh you know um well I mean so and make it happen. Happen happen happen happen happen happen. This is Reuben of the cheek. This is this is this is this this this this this this this is this is this is this is wien amazing uh so so um um I I I I I I I mean amount. You're listening to the London is blue or cocks. All right, Chelsea fans, welcome back to another episode of your favorite mid-week.