You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make I mean so I I I I I I I mean um I mean um a podcast. Let me explain. It's a proof. There There There There There There There are certain tools that like okay I mean um so um allow you to record record record record record record record and edit your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor well well like like like like like like like okay like so will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard heard heard heard heard heard heard on Spotify Apple podcast okay uh uh I mean I mean um and and and and and and and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's so well um you know okay so everything you need to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast in one place. Is arranged marriage a scary um like so well okay well proposition proposition proposition proposition proposition proposition proposition last year three of my friends had terrible experiences involving arranged marriage in the okay um um um um um um um I mean uh like uh first experience. The two parties are engaged and right before the the the the the the the wedding the girl okay so uh like okay so told him that she she she she she she she loves somebody else in the second experience as a wedding date um like like like like like like like okay you know okay okay approached the girl ran away with her boyfriend in the the the the the the the third experience the like you know so okay uh you know two parties got married, but but but but but but but within a month my friend found out that she like uh so so um um um um um um um you know was still in touch with her ex-boyfriend and probably had an affair and and and and and and and asked you know okay like uh I mean I mean he filed for divorce divorce divorce divorce divorce divorce divorce right away. Such experience has made me wonder what are the reasons that make people go for an arranged matters on man.