Uncle Si back in the office and in today's video, I'm going to be explaining explaining explaining explaining explaining explaining explaining okay I mean okay like uh well to each and every single male out out out out out out out there specifically how to become more masculine so uh you know well so you you you you you you you know to determine your fate. And the reason why I feel that this is such such such such such such such like okay like you know okay like an important topic is because people people people people people people people have no idea nowadays how to actually control I mean uh uh you know know know know know know know so um their Destiny or how to actually control their fate so that that that that that that that way they're in so um you know okay I mean you know control of of of of of of of what they would like and as a man this is important to I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean um okay okay okay your success. This is ridiculously important to your your your your your your your happiness. And not and not and not and not and not and not and not only only only only only only only that if I mean like I mean I mean um you know you want want want want want want want to become a man of value so that way other men or other I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um okay uh I mean like people in general can lean on you. You're going going going going going going going to have to learn this. So um so um so um so um so so so so so so so um so um so um uh I mean you know um um here's the the the the the the the deal. If you don't have a very high attention span, if you're uh well um um um um um um um um uh um a person who cannot sit there and focus for two to five minutes, minutes, minutes, minutes, minutes, minutes, minutes, you're not going um like I mean you know uh so to do do do do do do do very well. Okay, because this video might take me a little bit so like like like like like like like I mean like so like to explain so grab a pen grab a paper. Paper paper paper paper paper paper. If you if you if you if you if you if you if you can't can't can't can't can't can't can't take five um um uh uh so well to ten minutes to learn this material you're going to be seriously flawed when it comes to the real.