With traffic with traffic with traffic with traffic with traffic with traffic with traffic errands and and and and and and and parking cars can be a chore but a great car uh uh you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well can be an adventure a getaway and a prized possession whatever your budget budget budget budget budget budget budget or well I mean so I mean well so family require. There's a car out there. There there there there there there. You'll love you'll love you'll love you'll love you'll love you'll love you'll love we're we're we're we're we're we're we're here to help you like so you know well so um find it. It it it it it it. I'm Todd. I'm Paul I'm Paul I'm Paul I'm Paul I'm Paul Paul Paul Paul Paul Paul Paul I'm Paul I'm Paul and this is the everyday driver car debate. Okay you know know know know know know know um so like so. I am I am I am I am I am I I I I I I I am I am so happy for you that you got the Lotus out the heating heating heating heating heating heating heating pads weren't uh uh I mean um um so you're happy for me. I'm thrilled I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm thrilled I'm thrilled I'm thrilled I'm thrilled I'm thrilled I'm thrilled for you're happy happy happy happy happy happy happy for me. Honestly driving. You know okay um uh like uh. Sports cars in in in in in in in the winter sort of revelatory isn't out but just driving it like um like like like like like like like well I mean like period it honestly I last started it the day after Christmas Christmas Christmas Christmas Christmas Christmas Christmas because I had to um like um well um uh get it out of the the the the the the the garage and having some work done start start. I'm trying I'm trying I'm trying I'm trying trying trying trying trying trying trying I'm trying I'm trying I'm trying so well I mean so okay you know to to to to to to to wrap my head around this you started it last night started was was was was was was was the day so well okay well I mean well after Christmas. So that's been been been been been been been like what three months as of this report. Last okay last okay last okay last last last last last last last okay last okay last okay last okay well you know so okay so so so so so so so time. It moved it moved it moved it moved it moved it moved it moved was was was was was was was a month before that. Oh my gosh. So the so the so the so the so the the the the the the the so the so the tires by the um well so you know like like like like like like like like way, where there's one thing. I mean I could tell mean granted it's not a a a a a a a um you know um um like uh heavy car is true. I could tell that that that that that that that the tires needed a kind of they needed to go in a circle for a bit.