Welcome to another episode of the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay um I mean um um um um um um um you know you know your host Simon and in today's episode. This is is is is is is is the audio version of video that like well you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well we originally published on YouTube here for your listening convenience. If you like like like like like like like this like uh um so I mean you know show, please do consider leaving leaving leaving leaving leaving leaving leaving us a review or ever get your podcasts. That so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so you know you know would be awesome and let's get into it. Hello. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Simon Whistler you're watching top 10 uh so um uh like so internet. And in in in in in in in the video today, we're looking at the top 10 real-life spy like like well well well well well well well well like like bungles on the 21st of July 1973 Israeli agents of The Mossad killed killed killed killed killed killed killed uh uh uh so I mean uh a waiter in Lillehammer Norway seeking revenge for for for for for for for the 1972 Munich Olympics Massacre of Israeli you know well uh you know um um um um um um um like athletes. The hapless victim was innocent and had nothing to do with the terrorist terrorist terrorist terrorist terrorist terrorist terrorist like um like so I mean so attack. And the murder was just another blunder by by by by by by by a country attempting to conduct like I mean well I mean I mean um um um um um um um Spy Games over the years there have been some egregious Errors By um okay well well well well well well well um okay well secret agencies and here we have 10 of those Biggest Oops moments moments moments moments moments moments moments just um well I mean okay um well before you get into the list. I I I I I I I will I will I will I will I will I will I will say that that that that that that that this is a collaboration with dr. Matthews has acne of history and headlines.com. So go over to.