What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 26 of the how to Hardscape um well well well well well well well okay um you know uh podcast where we talk to you about how you you you you you you you can start and grow your um like so uh um okay hardscaping business business business business business business business in this week. We are we are we are we are we are are are are are are are we are we are going to be tackling a marketing week. Like um like um um um um um um um like um like um like um like um like um I mean like like like like like like like um well. That means that means that means that means that means that means means means means means means means that means every day this week. You are likely going to get an episode episode episode episode episode episode episode uh you know you know well I mean you know based on the topic topic topic topic topic topic topic of marketing. So we've so we've so we've so we've so we've so we've so we've we've we've we've we've we've we've got a lot of value come um so like so like um and actually actually actually actually actually actually actually this week is starting with today's episode is Mark Morrison. Mark is uh I I I I I I I mean okay you know I mean so actually a longtime friend of mine. Mine mine mine mine mine mine. He works for Intrigue media and he's here to you know you know so you know you you you you you you you know you know talk with us about acquiring the right type of Clients for your your your your your your your business not just any you know um you know uh um I mean clients, but but but but but but but the best clients into your business. How do how do how do how do how how how how how how how do how do how do I identify them and how you know uh okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um to get them into your business as leads and where to take it it it it it it it from there? I mean well like well you know okay So an awesome interview coming up up up up up up up with Mark Morris and here. So without further like well uh um like well Ado Ado Ado Ado Ado Ado Ado here is our interview with Mark Morrison today. I'm joined by Mark I mean you you you you you you you know you know okay uh um Morrison. He is a business development manager for intrigued intrigued intrigued intrigued intrigued intrigued intrigued media a digital marketing services provider okay like uh well like well for businesses in Canada Marcus actually a longtime friend of mine, and he's here to talk with us.