Everyone welcome back to a conversation with the boys. You did. I'm them and I'm Johan okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean you know um um and this week. We've got a new segment, segment, segment, segment, segment, segment, segment, I guess. Yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, so I guess we're going like I mean um okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay to try and just talk about something reason that's happened in the news and I I I I I I I okay so um well you know uh think the bigger story which we thought was was was was was was was kind of entertaining was Donald okay um so well uh you know Trump and and and and and and and Modi had a little chat together. So Trump went to India. Oh, I mean well you you you you you you you know you know so uh yes Trump went to India and then when he he he he he he he was there, I mean, okay look like like uh okay I mean like before we we we we we we we These I know everyone like beats up on Trump all the time uh like so so so so so so so I mean like uh and we've tried to avoid it because they like to to to to to to to be boring right I mean I mean I mean so like okay now. I want want want want want want want to hear about this. Yeah, but this is hilariously like this uh so I I I I I I I mean well I mean well is hilarious. So I think I think everyone would have seen seen seen seen seen seen seen the movie names I mean um uh like so I mean and stuff. You're talking about about about about about about about Sachin Tendulkar and Virat Kohli, right? Yeah, and I mean like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean like he tried his hardest to get there like to to to to to to to talk about them, which is so like I mean you know well okay good. I mean who's who's who's who's who's who's who's having a leave the most unqualified person to talk about Cricket? so uh okay well well well well well well well uh like Yeah. That's very very true. But man he butchered be fucking me push it. Okay, you said.