Hey friends, welcome to another episode of that sounds fun. I'm your I'm your your your your your your your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host an okay um um um um um um um well I mean like um EF down. So happy to be here with you today today today today today today today the music in the background, okay uh you know okay I mean uh you you you you you you you know, it's from our good buddy. Mr. Toren Wells make sure you grab a copy like like like like like like like like so okay you know I mean of his new album citizen of Heaven. Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey friend. Just wanted to thank you for your uh um okay uh like well kindness kindness kindness kindness kindness kindness kindness to Dave Kevin and his wife Jill this week continue to send um like like like like like like like like so um uh your love prayers. And if and if and if and if and and and and and and and if and if and if you would like to donate to help them uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like you know like it's again at pray for Jill.com. They on the the the the the the the show is one of my favorite so okay like um okay okay the one one one one one one one of the OG bloggers one of the original people that were okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean uh okay writing in our space one of my favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite friend. She's just she's just she's just she's just she's just she's just she's just just just just just just just hilarious Melanie Shankle. She's okay I mean like um okay so a New York York York York York York York Times bestseller and her most recent book just came out last week okay um like um um um um um um um okay like if called on the bright side and it is excellent. We jumped jumped jumped jumped jumped jumped jumped right okay you know you know you know I mean well in we we we we we we we haven't caught up in a little bit and I think you're going to enjoy just to proper catch up between good friends. So here's a conversation with.