Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys quickly um so I mean I mean uh um about Spotify on Spotify. You can can can can can can can you can you can you can you can you can you can listen to all all all all all all all of your favorite you know uh like you know like like artists and podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like well you know account and that is great because let's face it. It it it it it it. We are we are we are we are we are we are we are all all all all all all all trying to I mean you know um so I mean uh save a little little little little little little little bit these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your I mean you know like you you you you you you you know okay you know favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode you can share share share share share share share whatever you're listening to like well uh uh um well with your friends on Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram and premium users can even download episodes to listen so uh um okay okay okay to to to to to to to offline wherever and whenever you are if you're like me, you probably have um um um um um um um I mean um okay so so too many. The apps downloaded already but this one is actually actually actually actually actually actually actually useful. So if well I mean so you know like like you haven't done so so so so so so so already download the Spotify app search for your favorite you know um like so um I I I I I I I mean podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts in the you are Library tab. Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, make sure uh well uh I mean you know um to follow us on there. So So So So So So So you never miss an episode of optimal living I mean you know you you you you you you you know you know you know okay advice. That being said, let's get into into into into into into into today's episode. Hello, everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, everybody Welcome to episode okay um you know like you know well 46 of optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal living advice to podcast where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.