It's a truth business Airbnb or otherwise, if you don't have customers you don't have have have have have have have like okay you know you know I mean I mean a business but with Airbnb Airbnb Airbnb Airbnb Airbnb Airbnb Airbnb and gets worse because you have expenses. If you don't um so like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh have customers you will quickly lose money and eventually have to close up shop. Shop shop shop shop shop shop. Here's you know okay okay so you know um what to do. If you're not not not not not not not getting bookings 8 strategies to revitalize your listing so um you know like like like like like like like like uh make your offer more appealing and to get back in search results ultimately ultimately ultimately ultimately ultimately ultimately ultimately winning you you know I mean so okay well okay more bookings and possibly possibly possibly possibly possibly possibly possibly at a higher price point taking you from the red um like you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well into the black with your air B&B. This is Sean Sean Sean Sean Sean Sean Sean Rocky GH with Airbnb automated um like okay um you know okay and let's talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about how to get get you more bookings. Welcome back are like okay uh so so so so so so so well well being the family these eight strategies will get you more bookings and and and and and and and I'm going to order uh so uh okay so I mean them and level level level level level level level of difficulty / a level of commitment or permanence. Some of these you know so so so so so so so like you know well I mean are going to be super simple to implement. They're They're They're They're They're They're They're just going to be a so um you know so well okay couple of of of of of of of small changes. Some of them will require some deep thought some might even like like like like like like like you know well you know I mean so require a little bit of of of of of of of investment and this will really depend on why you're not getting bookings which ones that you'll implement. But by the end.