Hello and welcome to patch and this is a podcast. That's about OverWatch. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm always amazed you know I mean okay so well okay with much League hosting hosting hosting hosting hosting hosting hosting skills, huh? I'm always amazed with your hosting uh you know I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like skills. I mean, I wasn't really listening to you. I was tuning you out. Out out out out out out. I've like you know like so so you know already listened to you enough enough enough enough enough enough enough the last two days, but welcome. We have we have we have we have we we we we we we we have we have we have a lot I mean okay uh you know I mean so of of of of of of of stuff to go over today. Not really because we just watch the same teams okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so you know well like play for the last five weeks, but we we we we we we we got hero pools now. Yeah. Thanks well thanks well thanks well thanks well thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks well thanks well thanks well like like you know like I mean both of you you you you you you you on the ends. The fuck the fuck the fuck the fuck the fuck the the the the the the the fuck the fuck do I was listening back to the so uh well well you know I I I I I I I mean companion stream and you were like, oh, it's not that bad right on this this this this this this this pan. So well okay okay okay you know. So now you're actually targeting me during during during during during during during the podcast when I I mean you know so uh I mean like like like like like like like saw you live say I did not that bad. But what but what but but but but but but but what but what but what but what but what I'm doing is I'm you know know know know know know know well I mean well like I mean trying to dig into your own insecurities about about about about about about about picking Rhino. I'm so happy about I mean um okay um I mean um it. It it it it it it. Yeah hiring yeah hiring yeah hiring yeah hiring yeah hiring yeah hiring yeah hiring hiring hiring hiring hiring hiring hiring happy with my selections about you. You were the worst uh well you know know know know know know know I mean you know you know I couldn't think of to like, I woke woke woke woke woke woke woke up this morning. I thought about it. I was like all I play is hitscan Heroes.