You guys you guys you guys you guys you guys you guys you guys are are are are are are are the best I do prong collar place for extending time before structured I I I I I I I mean you know I mean like like uh walks. It has helped. My dog's anxiety anxiety anxiety anxiety anxiety anxiety anxiety tremendously good. Yeah, I think I I mean like um uh well well think think think think think think think duration work in general helps dogs anxiety. I think teaching a dog how to um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like well you know so do nothing for long periods of time helps with with with with with with with anxiety. Don't get me wrong. Well uh um well well so. I'm a huge advocate advocate advocate advocate advocate advocate advocate of exercise like we never usually talk about exercise on so uh um like well well well well well well well okay the show, but it's like I'm a huge advocate of exercise. I'm a a a a a a a huge you know I mean so you know so so advocate of proper diet. Diet diet diet diet diet diet. We feed raw you don't have to feed raw, but there's I mean so uh you you you you you you you know okay you know not too many good. Good commercial grade Kibbles available. In In In In In In In fact, we've got a great well I mean like like like like how to start your your your your your your your dog on Raw e-book on our website that you can buy. Okay uh okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay uh okay uh okay uh okay uh so okay okay well. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like 1999 and and and and and and and you can download it and and then we're big on engagement okay okay okay um um um um um um um so like games or big on training, but we're really big as pet dog. Dog dog dog dog dog dog. Remember we're pet dog like I mean um well uh um trainers. So So So So So So So as so as so as so as so as so as so as a pet pet pet pet pet pet pet dog trainer most of the time the dogs that we've got five dogs here all lying down doing nothing and they're not tired.