Hey dance, hey dance, hey dance, hey dance, hey dance, hey dance, hey dance, hey dance, dance, dance, dance, dance, dance, dance, dance, like files fans. I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here here here here here here here here I'm here I'm here to talk about anchor why because so well um well you know know know know know know know know well well it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain number one. One one one one one one one. It's free. Okay uh like um uh so I mean. It's free. It's free. I I I I I I I I could stop there. But let's but let's but let's but let's but let's but let's but but but but but but but but let's but let's go on there's creation tools I mean so okay you know know know know know know know know like um um that allow you to record and edit your podcast right right right right right right right right from your phone or computer. Anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will will will will will will will will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will you know um okay I mean so so so so so so so so like so distribute your podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcast and so uh so well so you know okay many many more. Seriously, there's places places places places places places places places my podcast is on. I've never I've never I've never I've never I've never I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've never I've never I've never heard um uh uh um um so uh of thanks. Thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks. Anchor you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. I mean I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean um um um um um um um um like you know like you know uh. It's everything. You need to make make make make make make make make a podcast in one place. I get asked well like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay a lot can I'm thinking of starting a podcast. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm well, I'm telling you start um okay okay um I mean you know so that that that that that that that that podcast with anchor download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. Dot dot dot dot dot dot dot. F like so um you know you know uh so m-- to get started today. The The The The The The The The following is a presentation of morning drive media broadcasting from beautiful Burbank, California. This is an.