You're listening to a purple Radio podcast with me probably share our for rights rights rights rights rights rights rights rights reasons you know well so okay you know I mean you know the music in in in in in in in in this podcast is shorter than the original version on demand. I mean well you you you you you you you you know well well so um. So a big warm welcome to my guests on on on on on on on on the show tonight and you know so okay um uh okay so a a a a a a a a Colgan and loose and Berkeley the InStep presidents your oh, yeah, and of well so so so so so so so so um uh um so you know course, we've got a lot of things things things things things things things things to talk about We're not gonna uh well so so well uh um get get get get get get get get into it just straight away no first. Of all just tell us us us us us us us us about uh um so well I mean I mean so yourselves and ye introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce yourself to listeners at home. I know I know I know I know I I I I I I I I know I know I know I know you very well, but uh like so so so so so so so so you know well well you know obviously people at home though. So yeah. Okay, I'll go go go go go go go go first. Hi. I'm Hannah Colgan uh uh I mean I mean okay well okay a second second second second second second second second year from Hill bead studying physical geography from London. Yeah, that's it. That's so that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's so that's so that's so that's so that's so that's so that's so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so well you know so great. That's great. That's perfect. That's what you you you you you you you you wanted and you lose it. Hi. I'm okay uh okay I mean so so so so so so so so I mean uh Lucy. I said, I'm not sure Sciences. I'm also a second-year student student student student student student student student from Hill beard. Me and Hannah live next door to each their last year. Yeah, and.