When Marnie when Marnie when Marnie when Marnie when Marnie when Marnie when Marnie Marnie Marnie Marnie Marnie Marnie Marnie Marnie when Marnie and I force are doing our podcast we had nothing to do you know know know know know know know know like well so like like you know with uploading it and putting it online. Online online online online online online online. But now we do it was kind of well I mean uh um well I I I I I I I I mean like complicated and confusing it was nice to have it all done for us us us us us us us us and we you know okay uh you know well uh like went through a a a a a a a a few different platforms, but eventually we found anchor dot f m well so I I I I I I I I mean you know well I mean like which is awesome and who we we we we we we we we currently use now it's free. It's got creation okay like you know like like like like like like like like so I mean you know tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right right right right right right right right from your phone or computer. Uh so um um uh like okay. Anchor will also also also also also also also also distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh like well uh you know apple pie. Podcasts all over the place and you you you you you you you you can make money from your you know so I mean uh you know well well well well well well well well like podcast with no minimum listenership. So if you have a hundred listeners a month, month, month, month, month, month, month, month, guess like I mean okay you know like I mean okay what you can can can can can can can can so make a couple of bucks from that and I think like you know know know know know know know know you know I mean so well uh it's worth it all the other sites sites sites sites sites sites sites sites make you pay to upload your like you know um uh um I mean okay podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and do not get you money in the process. So it's everything that you you you you you you you you okay so uh you know you know like you know need to make a a a a a a a a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or so like okay um um um um um um um um well like um go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. So my brother and I have been having this little Feud back and.