Friends, I'm going to interject for just one second. Have you have you have you have have have have have have have have you have you have you have you have you ever thought about well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay like um okay starting your own podcast? You know you have if if if if if if if if you haven't heard about anchor it's the I mean I mean I mean like like like like like like like like you know um um easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain first and and and and and and and and foremost, it's free. That like I mean um uh you know I mean you know know know know know know know know means no money out of your pocket. Anchor has anchor has anchor has anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor has anchor has anchor has anchor has anchor has creation tools that allow you to to to to to to to to well um like um so like I mean record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or computer. It's just that like um uh so well so so so so so so so so okay easy anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on on on on on on on on like uh so you know you know well you know Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcast and many more the soap opera royalty podcast is on eight uh like like like like like like like like so uh so like like different. Forms all thanks to Anchor friends you can make make make make make make make make money from your podcast and you okay um uh like um like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean don't have to have any minimum listenership. Anchor is everything you need to I mean I I I I I I I I mean like um you know um you know make a podcast in one place. Place place place place place place place. So what do you do download the free like uh you know okay um you know know know know know know know know so anchor app or go to Anchor dot? F m-- to get started and now now now now now now now now back to the podcast. Hi friends, hi friends, hi friends, hi friends, hi friends, hi friends, hi friends, hi friends, welcome to the soap opera royalty podcast.