Welcome, welcome. Welcome to the prospector podcast. I'm your host Scott Knudson call today. Today today today today today today today. I'm you I'm you I'm you I'm you I'm you I'm you I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm you I'm you know you know I mean um well okay well talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking with Natalie colegrove. Natalie is natalie is natalie is natalie is natalie is natalie natalie natalie natalie natalie natalie natalie natalie is natalie is natalie is a junior at Cupertino High School and I I I I I I I I mean so I mean like so well okay a national euphonium player in Natalie's Natalie's Natalie's Natalie's Natalie's Natalie's Natalie's Natalie's first three years of Performing. She was selected as well you know uh um um um um um um um um um like uh the principal euphonium player for the 2017, California Junior High at All-State honor band band band band band band band band in um you know well I mean well you know so 2018 choose accept accept accept accept accept accept accept accept into the California Allstate honor bound and ranked as one like okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like uh of of the top high school euphonium players in california. California California California California California California California. Most recently Natalie has been you know you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay you know accepted into the HonorBound of America the most most most most most most most most prestigious honor bound in the nation this well like well you know well um well well well well well well well well past summer Natalie's placed second in the student division of the international euphonium you know know know know know know know know okay um you know I mean you know like and tuba is festivals festivals festivals festivals festivals festivals festivals festivals solo competition. Now, the also has a band memes account like you know uh um um um um um um um um so well you know called youth he's life which has 33 thousand followers and has a and she has a business selling music apparel with that.