And we're and we're and we're and we're and we're and we're and and and and and and and and we're and we're live another episode of athletic insights. We're joined here by our guests guests guests guests guests guests guests guests Jackson you know I mean like I mean so well so Bales and Connor Connor Connor Connor Connor Connor Connor Connor Kelley Jackson. How you doing tonight? Doing pretty good. How are you? um um um um um um um um uh well you know okay I mean okay Good good, Connor, what's going on on on on on on on on with you along grades? I thanks for having you know like well like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh like me and Jackson on no. I mean, I'm really excited. This This This This This This This This is this is this is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this is so uh I mean uh um well I mean the podcast. I I I I I I I I originally wanted to do back in January. So it's so it's so so so so so so so so it's so it's so it's so it's so it's so it's really uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so well I mean so um cool. Nice little nice little nice little little little little little little little little nice little nice little nice little nice little nice little full-circle moment for the the the the the the the the three of us to finally be able um you know I mean okay so um um um um um um um um okay to do this and on such a such a high note. Note. So for those those those those those those those those uh um well so okay okay um of you listening at home both both both both both both both both Jackson and Connor here are from Brockville and they'll like um so um so so so so so so so so um um both be playing in Nationals this weekend in Ottowa for men's you Sports basketball basketball basketball basketball basketball basketball basketball basketball so Connor, why um um you know I mean you know okay so don't you just just just just just just just just tell us a little bit about growing up and playing for the you you you you you you you you know I mean well you know I mean you know you know blues with Jackson, Jackson, Jackson, Jackson, Jackson, Jackson, Jackson, Jackson, you know, so like yeah, like I said it back on you know know know know know know know know well okay like uh uh um my first podcast like me and Jackson kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of started this thing together like a big part of that because of our dads are dads became.