All right, I hate doing this but we got to pay the bills bills bills bills bills bills bills bills and I well I mean uh like like uh so don't know how you're listening to to to to to to to to this podcast right now. Thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank you thank you thank you for listening by you know like uh well well you you you you you you you you know like the way, but if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to to to to to to to to make a podcast. I mean um uh okay so well uh. I know I know know know know know know know know I know I know I know I know I know I know everybody's been locked locked locked locked locked locked locked locked up during this quarantine and a few people have reached uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well so so you know you know out to me and asked for advice advice advice advice advice advice advice advice on how to get their podcast started or uh uh you know you know okay so so so so so so so so I mean distribute it out there and anchors the best way to do it. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's free. There's okay there's okay there's okay there's okay there's okay there's okay there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's okay there's okay uh um so I mean um um creation tools that allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow you to record and edit the podcast, right? Your phone or your well well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh so um computer? You can have your fans leave messages. Thank you you you you you you you you to those of you that have well like okay you know I mean like like like like like like like like you know been doing that by the way, keep them come and keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep harassing us and anchor like okay you know so uh okay I mean will will will will will will will will distribute the podcast for you and can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh well I mean you know um and a bunch more this this this this this this this this so many channels that are podcast is on some um I mean like like like like like like like like well um well you know of them. I never even heard of so it it it it it it it it does the work for you and you uh well okay okay okay so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can just hit the ground running.