Ladies and gentlemen before we get started here. If you haven't heard about anchor so so so so so so so so like uh um um you know uh it's the easiest way to make a a a a a a a a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's like there's like there's like there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's like there's like there's like there's like there's like uh you know so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from from from from from from from from your phone okay so uh okay like you know um or computer anchor distributes your your your your your your your your podcast for you. So you can be heard on well I mean um uh um um um um um um um um like uh Spotify Apple podcast and whatever else they distribute to you you you you you you you you can make money from okay you know well like well uh well your your your your your your your your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make like you know know know know know know know know you know so like I mean like a podcast in one place. Download Download Download Download Download Download Download Download the download the download the download the download the download the download the download the the the the the the the the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot okay so like you know um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay f m-- to get started. Thank you. And here and here and here and here here here here here here here here and here and here and here and here we go. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you you you you you you you you know okay you know uh uh uh well you for tuning in. This is is is is is is is is the Hawkeye Outdoors podcast. We're no longer Hawkeye waterfowl. Well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well um I mean you you you you you you you you know uh you know. We felt it. Waterfowl kind waterfowl kind waterfowl kind waterfowl waterfowl waterfowl waterfowl waterfowl waterfowl waterfowl waterfowl kind waterfowl kind waterfowl kind waterfowl kind waterfowl kind of just kept us on on on on on on on on one basis and we okay you know uh well so uh um kind of do a a a a a a a a little bit of this that and everything else. So we so we so we so we we we we we we we we so we so we so we so we changed the name Hawkeye Outdoors. Hopefully Hopefully Hopefully Hopefully Hopefully Hopefully Hopefully Hopefully that hopefully that hopefully that hopefully that hopefully that hopefully that hopefully that hopefully that brings a lot more cool stuff to.