This is your everyday positivity here on Vale. Hello. I'm Kate Crocker. I I I I I I I I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're well uh okay uh I mean I mean so well today. Do you do you you you you you you you you do you do you do you do you do you do you think you you you you you you you you are challenging yourself enough? I had a moment this you know um you know okay well well well well well well well well so okay week with my coach about accountability and I was really surprised. It's always really really really really really really really really okay I mean um so you know so okay surprising when you think I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've got that bit sorted and I'm always really good at so you know I I I I I I I I mean you know uh well um that and then someone asks you a question and and and and and and and and you go always like that. I you know okay well um you know like you you you you you you you you know think I'm good at that or the time actually good at that that that that that that that that so I have well like uh I mean okay you know well been challenged challenged challenged challenged challenged challenged challenged challenged this week and And it's hard. It's hard pushing yourself through those so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um well uh uh like challenges. It feels it feels it feels it feels it it it it it it it it feels it feels it feels it feels uncomfortable you get that vulnerable feeling around your your your your your your your your heart and you your well well I mean well okay um like instinct says says says says says says says says right. I need to move away from this. I don't want uh I mean like like like like like like like like um okay I mean um to go there t harv Eker in his book. Book book book book book book book. The millionaire the millionaire the millionaire the millionaire the millionaire the millionaire the millionaire millionaire millionaire millionaire millionaire millionaire millionaire millionaire the millionaire mindset says life well so um okay like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay gets easy when you do the hard stuff and challenging yourself is about doing the um um um um um um um um you know okay you know you know so like hard stuff. So So So So So So So So something so something so something so something so something so something so something so something is is is is is is is is really challenging you at the moment leaning take it on and know that when you come out the other side.