Hello, my name is Kate Coker. And this is your everyday positivity on on on on on on on on Vale. I so I so I so I so I so I so I so so so so so so so so I so you know so um so like so was scrolling through Facebook the other day day day day day day day day and someone suggested a Stevie Wonder song as so so I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um well the best song on the planet. Can you can you can can can can can can can can you can you can you can you can you can you beat it? And all and and and and and and and and all and all and all and all and all and all and all it did did did did did did did did for me okay uh you know well well okay like was remind me of of of of of of of of the greatest TV Wonder song for me of all time, which is well well well well well well well well you know well like uh okay um called Love's in Need of Love Today. I I I I I I I I mean, first of all when you come um uh well so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh up with a song lyric like that, you've got to go. Um, man, I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've nailed like um well okay uh I mean you know life love is in need need need need need need need need of Love Today and He's my favorite Stevie Wonder song and okay so uh you you you you you you you you know like like well I love sitting and listening to it the message message message message message message message message on it. Is that Love's in uh well um um like like uh Need of of of of of of of of Love today? We need to give the love back to ourselves to for I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh so so well okay loved it. It's that it's that it's that it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's that it's that it's that it's that it's that cycle and I wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to get you to consider that I mean I mean well uh um you know know know know know know know know like you can apply this to lots of things in your life and fundamentally fundamentally fundamentally fundamentally fundamentally fundamentally fundamentally fundamentally you are okay I mean so you know uh like so in need need need need need need need need of you today. So put some time aside today to really do something that brings you Joy.