What's up, ladies and gents? I'm Owen I'm Owen I'm Owen I'm Owen I'm Owen I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Owen I'm Owen I'm Owen and I'm Zach. I'm Charlie and like um you know know know know know know know know so you know so so where the Kool-Aid Jammers today. We will we will will will will will will will will we will we will we will we will we will we will be discussing the the the the the the the the fabulous short story lamb to uh uh okay you know uh uh well the slaughter slaughter slaughter slaughter slaughter slaughter slaughter slaughter by Roald Dahl. It will be discussing plot characters setting conflict in irony you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like well like I mean in the short story lamb to the slaughter. Slaughter slaughter slaughter slaughter slaughter slaughter slaughter. This book was written by the prestigious uh I mean I mean so well well well well well well well well I mean I mean Roald Dahl. He was he was he was he was he was was was was was was was was he was he was he was born in 1916 and unfortunately died in 1990. 1990 1990 1990 1990 1990 1990 1990. He okay uh I mean um uh well I mean is most famously known for for for for for for for for writing Charlie and the Chocolate Factory The BFG um uh you know well okay so so so so so so so so uh and Matilda. He has he has he has he has he has he has has has has has has has has he has he has sold over 250 million copies worldwide. What a legend now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, so uh okay I mean you know you know okay let's talk about the plot plot plot plot plot plot plot plot Expedition begins when Mary Maloney is waiting in her um so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know like house for her husband turned from work. It seemed seemed seemed seemed seemed seemed seemed seemed it seemed it seemed it seemed it seemed it seemed it seemed it seemed to to to to to to to to be a normal night for mr. Millhone, um um like you know well well well well well well well well well well but he seemed to be acting unusual. He's drinking he's drinking he's drinking drinking drinking drinking drinking drinking drinking drinking he's drinking he's drinking he's drinking he's drinking he's drinking stronger drink than usual to miss Maloney knew something was up.