Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to haken in Animal Crossing podcast your podcast dedicated to all things you you you you you you you you know so well okay I mean I mean uh Animal Crossing episode 120 120 120 120 120 120 120 120 is brought to you by Lindsay Hiller one of our um uh so so so so so so so so so like like okay newest patreon patrons today Sergio and I are going to to to to to to to to go over the uh so you know well uh I mean I mean week's week's week's week's week's week's week's week's countdown questions talk about all the new information. We learned we learned we learned we learned learned learned learned learned learned learned learned we learned we learned we learned we learned from PAX East and okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean so um like I mean there will be a very special interview with with with with with with with with Great Fairy. Carrie and her like like uh uh okay uh well experience playing Animal Animal Animal Animal Animal Animal Animal Animal Crossing New Horizons at PAX East so to begin. Hello Sergio. How um you know know know know know know know know um you know okay uh well you doing? Hello. Chewy. I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing pretty awesome. You know, you you you you you you you you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you you you you you you you you know, it's been a really productive you know you know so okay well well well well well well well well like like week. But in terms of Animal Crossing, it's been a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of weight. It's been uh I mean uh uh well you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean filled with a lot of news and then I also got some amiibo cards. Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like um so okay you know you know you know. I mean putting those in the the the the the the the the album's and it's just been a great great week. Yeah, you sent me a picture of the Box you got.