Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to to to to to to to to give okay like well um you know so like you guys a quick heads-up about about about about about about about about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of your you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh okay okay favorite artists and podcasts in one place. That's for that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's for that's for that's for that's for that's for that's for that's for free hallelujah. Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah. No premium account necessary you know um well so you know well um Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening you you you you you you you you know okay okay I mean well uh uh to right now and you can can can can can can can can follow those podcast. So you never miss an you know uh okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know uh episode you can share what you're listening to with friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends on Instagram. And if you are well so uh like I I I I I I I I mean uh um a premium user you can download episodes to listen to offline no matter matter matter matter matter matter matter matter like well you know well like um so where you are. So if you you you you you you you you haven't done so already be sure to download so like so you know well well well well well well well well so you know the Spotify app search for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts in in in in in in in in the your library so uh well like uh well uh Tab and give us us us us us us us us a follow. So you never miss an episode speaking of which um so uh like like like like like like like like um so um let's see what we've got on The Ledger today. This is optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal relationships you know I mean you know well so I mean you know daily episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode 646 guilt and shame good and bad ways to feel bad by Keith Wilson of Keith Wilson. Counseling.com. Hello everybody. It's a brand-new Monday.