So in so in so in so in so in so in so in so so so so so so so so in this episode, let's have a look at act 3 of Macbeth. First of like like like like like like like like uh so so um um uh all going to look at a summary of of of of of of of of what happens in seems one uh uh well so okay okay uh and two of of of of of of of of act three scene one begins just after Macbeth has been crowned so like okay well well well well well well well well well um so King Banquo speaks to himself. He's afraid the Macbeth has done something bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad to get the uh like uh so I mean you know like crown. Crown crown crown crown crown crown crown. He says I fear that place the most foully for it. I uh okay like so so so so so so so so I mean you know I mean quote still hopes that this means his children will will will will will will will will be Kings Macbeth enters. He you know I mean I mean um like uh so calls calls calls calls calls calls calls calls bankroll his chief guests this implies that he still treats banquet like his his his his his his his his best so like I mean like well okay um friend. Of course of course of course course course course course course course course of course of course of course of course of course that's out on on on on on on on on a horse ride with fails. Macbeth and speaks um you know well you know so so so so so so so so like I mean in another city liquid. He says that having the crown is is is is is is is is not enough. He I mean okay uh so okay okay I mean must feel secure secure secure secure secure secure secure secure as king to be thus nothing but to be safely. Thus Beth thus Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth thus Beth thus Beth thus Beth thus Beth thus Beth thus Beth well well well well well well well well so so um like you know you know is afraid that the wise Banquo Banquo Banquo Banquo Banquo Banquo Banquo Banquo is a threat to his crown saying there like well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like so like is none but he whose being I do fear Macbeth Macbeth Macbeth Macbeth Macbeth Macbeth Macbeth Macbeth noted The Witches also prophesize the backwards like so I mean so um um so so so so so so so so Sons would be Kings and so he feels that they must be a threat to murder is enter the stage and.