Hi guys, this is scumbag Vinny from the scum Town podcast. And I'm and and and and and and and and I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm just just just just just just just just okay well you know okay okay uh like here to let you guys know that that that that that that that that anchor is the best way to make a you know well um well okay well you you you you you you you you know podcast online. If you're looking to make your own podcast anchor is is is is is is is is the easiest way uh like you know you know um um you know to make a a a a a a a a podcast. It gives you everything you need in one place for free, which you well you you you you you you you you know well okay well you know so can use right from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer creation tools allows you to record well I mean like you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like and edit your podcast. So it sounds even better. They'll distribute they'll distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute they'll distribute they'll distribute they'll distribute they'll distribute they'll distribute they'll distribute your okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like you know okay uh okay I mean podcast for you so it can can can can can can can can be heard everywhere from Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts I mean um well so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so and many more you can easily make money from your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with no minimum you know well like like um like I mean listenership. Listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. That's right. You can make money from this podcast. This isn't a I mean you know you you you you you you you you know so well well you know scumbag Vinny setup. You can make money from from from from from from from from it. So get so get so get so get so get so get so get so get anchor now download the app and tell him scumbag Vinny sent you.