Joe what joe what joe what joe what joe what joe what joe what what what what what what what what joe what is good y'all welcome to this week's episode of talks with taboo. Taboo taboo taboo taboo taboo taboo taboo. Welcome well well well uh um okay uh to this week's episode of the podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. It's Thursday man, Friday's tomorrow and you can so um well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay smell it the weekends here and that's when you let the freaks freaks freaks freaks freaks freaks freaks freaks out I mean I mean I mean well you know like um um um um um um um um the weekends for the freaks. Before I get into this week's episode. I just want want want want want want want want to well um I mean uh okay I mean uh tell you that that that that that that that that this Friday March the 6th. I will be in Iowa City I mean you know so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh okay at Gabe's and then the next day of March the 7th. I I I I I I I I will be in I mean you know okay uh so like um Detroit Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan at electricity and both of those shows are on the E - a um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean okay like store. I've always wanted to play electricity. If If If If If If If If really really excited to play that venue okay I mean um like so so so so so so so so you know like but today on the podcast. I want I want I want want want want want want want want I want I want I want I want I want to talk about fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking up and why it's well you know I mean uh well well well well well well well well well okay okay to fuck up. Let's get into this week's episode. Are the podcast and and and and and and and and like like so well well I mean well the intro song this week week week week week week week week is actually a song that a fan sent well okay uh I mean like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well in that. I think all y'all are going to like, let's give it a listen. I need me a.