A Florida Desiree and Romi Rain and you're listening to people with Laura and and and and and and and and romy. So um so um so um so um so um so um so um um um um um um um um so um so you know so okay so. It's a it's a it's a it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a whole big mouthful. Mmm. Welcome to a a a a a a a a mouthful with Laura and Romi. We so okay okay so like like I mean are obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously starting our conversation with social media. Yeah, you just stumble in on this moment you you you you you you you you know I mean um uh um so well of Genius. Everybody did we did to to to to to to to to there was like a sudden like hand in okay like so you know like like like like like like like like like okay my shots, and he was feeding me like, you know something if it's uh um um um um um um um um well you know so I mean I mean wow, it's like the clouds open open open open open open open open and you're on Mount Olympus and it's just so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um so you know the two of us. Discussing the most philosophical explosive explosive explosive explosive explosive explosive explosive explosive ideas of the day there are I mean um so like well uh okay watching watching watching watching watching watching watching watching us like dance around with a microphone and then we just fade into you know like like like like like like like like like you know uh okay I mean their lives. I love that. I hope that's how people people people people people people people people see us in their okay well I mean um um um I mean dreams dreams dreams dreams dreams dreams dreams dreams now. It's probably how they see you. Don't you don't you don't you don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you must have so you you you you you you you you know okay um so like okay a lot of scenes that that that that that that that that open like that? You're a part of this. Oh, it's I mean okay like like like like like like like like uh you know I mean so just like a myth girls like walking walking walking walking walking walking walking walking kind of in we're talking about those are you know um so like you know know know know know know know know you know well some of my favorite scenes like, you know, the Gonzo's. Well, it's usually usually usually usually usually usually usually usually Gonzo a feature so so well uh uh um okay and that those are the ones were just bright light beautiful girl over lit walking in a bikini suddenly.