Hello, everybody. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler um um um um um um um um uh like so I mean I mean uh in this podcast. What we do do do do do do do do is we have top ten lists. These okay you know you know know know know know know know know like um okay like are the audio versions of our videos that were originally published published published published published published published published on YouTube. If okay uh uh um um well okay you enjoy this show, please do do do do do do do do consider leaving us a review on Apple so I mean like uh like like well podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts or Oye podcast. Also, you are say hi to me on social like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like okay okay media on Instagram Twitter all of that stuff. I am at at at at at at at at Simon Whistler one word so so you know uh you know um well come come come come come come come come and say hi to me. Let me let me let me let me let me let let let let let let let let me let me let me know how you liked this show okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know I mean and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Simon I'm Simon I'm Simon I'm Simon I'm Simon I'm Simon I'm Simon West West West West West West West West Earlier, you're watching top 10 internet. You know so like um well well okay. And And And And And And And And in the video today. We're looking at the top 10 ways to manipulate your uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like you know I mean brain without using drugs number 10, the strange link link link link link link link link between infrasound and ghostly apparitions many you know you know uh so um okay you you you you you you you you know people will tell you that at one point or another they have had had had had had had had had some experience uh well uh you know um like so where they they they they they they they they thought they heard a sound when nothing should be there or okay uh uh so so so so so so so so well so uh they saw an apparition that led them to believe that a place was haunted nearly always these stories involve the same basic details and structure people.