It's very funny because Chris plant is recording in our New York you know know know know know know know know like well um well um I mean City office is right now and every every every every every every every every time he needs to make a change she has like well okay well um uh like like like like like like like like to run across the room. Like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like like like like like like like like it's like it's like it's a double dare challenge. Well, don't listen that's like so so so so so so so so I mean you know I mean well like part of the sort of you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, rocks Rockstar punk rock revolutionary sort okay okay well I mean like you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh of in the startup lifestyle. Yeah is well. I mean, I mean, I mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, that's how y'all okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um like you know I mean like you know record to write. You have a a a a a a a a giant paper mache nose with us the recording so well like like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well well system inside. Of it of it of it of it of of of of of of of of it of it of it of it and you have to pull out boogers boogers boogers boogers boogers boogers boogers boogers to get it to start like well okay like well um I mean recording. Right? Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right. My audio interface is in a big sloppy pizza and I do need um um um um um um um um like okay um well um uh to dig around in there and then I do get get get get get get get get if I say, you know, um uh well you know um like okay if I I I I I I I I cuss too much then Rosie O'Donnell does shoot a Koosh ball at me and and and and and and and and well well I mean well I mean uh so I hurts a lot. A A A A A A A A lot alot alot alot alot alot alot alot of people will talk about that. Those Those Those Those Those Those Those Those have um okay you know um well so uh a lot of ballistic force force force force force force force force and she's very she's a very strong person. Justin was here set up. Like actually I have a cone.