Hey Cat, you read chat Laura. Are you are you are you are you you you you you you you you are you are you are you are you talking about a church Boy Boy Boy Boy Boy Boy Boy Boy chat. Mmm. So I mean well okay uh like I mean. Amen. Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey guys, welcome back to church Boy chat. I am I am I am I am am am am am am am am I am I am I am I am Laura and today um so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well like um you get the pleasure of getting to know cat more. Oh cat cat cat cat cat cat cat cat oh cat oh cat oh cat oh cat oh cat oh cat oh cat is is is is is is is is so so um you know like um like um great. I just want to let let let let let let let let you know that she's one of the most okay I mean okay you know know know know know know know know okay well so loving and complimentary people I've ever met and she's absolutely talented talented talented talented talented talented talented talented and a quick um um well um I mean um okay learner. Her with with with with with with with with anything. I am amazed by her constantly. So it's so it's so it's so it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's so it's so it's so it's so it's like Laura knows. Okay you know uh I I I I I I I I mean okay okay um. My number one. Love language love language love language love language language language language language language language language love language love language love language love language is words of affirmation. I feel so loved also also also also also also also also lures the well um like okay um so well best because full disclosure. This is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is the the the the the the the the third time when you're trying my section and so like you know um I mean I I I I I I I I mean so this is gonna be the winner. Whoo. Okay, you know like to to to to to to to to keep it I mean uh I mean um well you know okay real here here here here here here here here on trees Boy chat. Hmm. So I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so so so so so so so so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm going to tell you why I feel qualified Laura. Yes to be here.