Beaver thought of making a podcast but had no idea how I have one one one one one one one one word. Like so um uh uh so like. Anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor is the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way for you to start and make a podcast. Um okay uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like. I'll explain you see with anchor you have creation tools available available available available available available available available to you that allow like so like okay um um well you to to to to to to to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. And I and I and and and and and and and and I and I and I and I and I and I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um you know once you finish recording you let anchor take care of of of of of of of of Distributing your podcast too um you know okay so so like I mean many different different different different different different different different platforms, including Apple podcasts and Spotify. And it's that easy now not I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um like like um um um only is Anchor easy to use but it's profitable profitable profitable profitable profitable profitable profitable profitable to with anchor it's possible um like okay like okay um I mean for for for for for for for for you to make money talking about the things that you love with well okay like like like like like like like like so so like I mean no minimum listenership. I know you're probably thinking to to to to to to to to yourself. This is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is this is this is too good so like I mean so well um I I I I I I I I mean to be true. How much is it cost me to use anchor. Anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor. Are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you you you you you you you you you know so so I mean okay like okay ready for this zero? It does not cost you anything. Anchor is free to use anchor really is the.