Hi everybody. I'm here to talk to you about anchor anchors our new podcast hosting hosting hosting hosting hosting hosting hosting hosting I mean uh okay um I mean um so service and they make things things things things things things things things so simple. It's a One-Stop shop when it comes I mean like so well well well well well well well well I mean I mean well to Distributing your podcast to all the different platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast. Okay so like uh I mean like I mean. You You You You You You You You name it? They've got a way to distribute to it on top of well um um um um um um um um you know I mean well okay like that. They have they have they have have have have have have have have they have they have they have they have they have editing tools baked baked baked baked baked baked baked baked right into the website makes life so much simpler you know uh so like like like like like like like like well like you know back when I started podcasting. It was it was it it it it it it it it was it was it was it was it was it was an entire entire entire entire entire entire entire entire to do you had to uh well um okay well I mean well know how how how how how how how how to record it where to record it how to upload it pay for you know uh um um um um um um um um uh I mean you know okay the hosting did I mention they're hosting is is is is is is is is free and they will hook you up okay like okay uh okay like uh with advertisers advertisers advertisers advertisers advertisers advertisers advertisers advertisers so that you can make money download the anchor app or go to to to to to to to to I mean okay I mean I mean you know well uh Anchor dot. F m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- to get started. You're listening to the tenants on the Kyle Dempster like um uh okay so so so so so so so so I mean uh Studios Network support this and other shows at patreon.com forward slash Kyle Dempster Dempster Dempster Dempster Dempster Dempster Dempster Dempster Studios, like well so well uh okay like you could gain access to an exclusive exclusive exclusive exclusive exclusive exclusive exclusive exclusive new podcast patreon only if you want to hear the like you know know know know know know know know okay um I mean like like inner workings of my weird mind, that's the the the the the the the the place to go. We also we also we also we also we also we also we also we also have twitch coaching lessons.