Hey guys, I'm Megan and I'm Sierra. Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to according to and in in in in in in in in this week's episode. Um okay well I mean okay you know like. We are we we we we we we we we are we are we are we are we are we are we are are are are are are are are going to be talking about spring break because fitting race coming up. So I so I I I I I I I I so I so I so I so I so I so I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like you know uh like angry is after you losing to this. It'll It'll It'll It'll It'll It'll It'll It'll be we have week one week of uh okay so I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay classes still and then spring break is the week after that. So March, however, however, however, however, however, however, however, however, uh like um um I mean uh uh I guess this is probably your weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly Spotlight. We just finished. Well, I finished like uh I mean like okay like like like like like like like like so all of my exams I have before spring break so next week. I I I I I I I I just so so uh like you know um like have a presentation for one of of of of of of of of my classes see your husband exam for a class so like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh okay that I'm not in but it's just like we're really really really really really really really really home free um well I mean so you know okay so now, we've finished finished finished finished finished finished finished finished our last exam today, which is so so nice because we so so I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know you know had like straight Monday Tuesday Wednesday one exam each each each each each each each each day. So I will say um you know like well like uh um it it it it it it it it was like the most stressful thing in the world because like it's really really really really really really really really not like like you know you know like well well um the hardest classes classes classes classes classes classes classes classes ever, but it's just kind of you know today and I'm out out out out out out out out like um I mean you know so like well of the way especially because because because because because because because because now that I feel like I still don't know my grades are any of them technically, but I still feel like I did find an.