What's going on guys? Welcome back to the Run free podcast this episode number okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so I mean okay um um 29 and this episode we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going to do a little Olympic trials debrief. And so well uh I mean uh um um um um um um um um um then we're going to do a little bit of challenging our view on luck. Well like like like like like like like like well uh um um well. So I hope you guys are doing well. Hopefully it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's hopefully it's hopefully it's hopefully it's hopefully it's hopefully it's hopefully it's hopefully it's turning turning turning turning turning turning turning turning to Springtime where you are so well um okay okay okay well well well well well well well well just moments before coming into my garage to record this for y'all. I was I I I I I I I I was I was I was I was I was I was I was out out out out out out out out okay okay um like like okay you know in the sun just baking in in in in in in in in it. Just loving it. Feels so good and you know I mean like you know know know know know know know know okay well well it's actually kind of a little bit about what I'm going to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk uh um well well I mean you know okay about today. So I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm getting out in front of myself, but it's crazy how son I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean I mean you know I mean um feels the best right after after after after after after after after the winter time. Right? Like right when you've endured I mean well um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well like like like those freezing cold days freezing cold snow ice hail winds winds winds winds winds winds winds winds you're out doing those runs. They're okay like so okay okay I mean you know just miserable miserable miserable miserable miserable miserable miserable miserable and you just can't wait to get home and get warm and then when it burst turns to.