Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys know that uh um uh well you know so I mean our our our our our our our our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If you haven't heard about anchor you you you you you you you you know so well like well I mean okay it's the easiest way to make make make make make make make make a podcast. Let me let me let me let me let me let me let let let let let let let let me let me explain it's free. There's creation okay so uh like so like you know know know know know know know know tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your like well so so so so so so so so so so uh uh phone or computer. I'm doing this ad from my phone as as as as as as as as we speak. Anchor Wilkins like you know uh I mean I mean well so will will will will will will will will distribute. Sorry your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify uh so so so so so so so so uh well well you know you know Apple podcasts and many more you can can can can can can can can make money from your podcast with no like well um I mean um you you you you you you you you know okay minimum minimum listenership. Evidently, I can't talk. It's everything you need to make make make make make make make make podcast okay I mean you know um well you know like in one place download download download download download download download download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to uh um like I mean I mean I mean like get get get get get get get get started now back to the show. Wash up Walk-Ons fans. We have a treat like like like like like like like like okay well like um like well for episode 96 today over an hour of of of of of of of of Shawn Welsh Hawkeye content the good old boy I mean okay I mean you you you you you you you you know well well okay from Dayton Ohio a guy. We spent five years within the program made a ton of memories with knows everything that we went.