What up, guys? This is the Leafs convo pod cast for Oak Ridge uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know uh you know so I mean Ford in London, Ontario Oak Ridge Ridge Ridge Ridge Ridge Ridge Ridge Ridge Ford.com. I'm enje along with Mike. It is Thursday, uh well so so so so so so so so so like well um March 5th 2020 the Leafs at the LA Kings this evening. Evening evening evening evening evening evening evening. It's a little pregame you know you know you know well um well like combo combo combo combo combo combo combo combo for you Michael. We didn't get a chance to talk after the Leafs you you you you you you you you know uh so well uh um so loss in San Jose. But hey, that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's okay. They had won three in a row prior you know I mean I I I I I I I I mean um like uh so The Beat Goes On good morning Norm. Yeah, it does but you you you you you you you you have to sort okay um you know um you know so I mean of of of of of of of of reflect on the fact that the Leafs won three games in. Road that road road road road road road road road that road that road that road that road that road that road that um um um um um um um um I mean okay like okay like uh we're key games against teams that were were were were were were were were at least on par with them Florida a few you know I mean uh so so so so so so so so so um you know points behind them Tampa Bay ahead of them in in in in in in in in the Atlantic division and Vancouver who you know uh so okay well like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh was battling for a playoff spot in the Western Conference. They come up against against against against against against against against uh um so um so well you know the team and they play three teams teams teams teams teams teams teams teams on this west coast swing that are um I mean well um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean out of it that are basically, you know, playing out the string and and and and and and and and well like okay um you know you know like they got outplayed dramatically by the San Jose Sharks. I have to say that Jack Campbell kept him in.