Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on the the the the the the the the boys you know so um I mean uh I mean I mean podcast before we we we we we we we we get this episode Ron. I really do want to talk a little you you you you you you you you know so okay I mean um so okay bit about anchor our sponsor. So So So So So So So So one moment. I have a script I will admit. Um well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um so um so. So if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a um okay uh you know so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh podcast, let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation there's creation there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation tools that allow you you you you you you you you to you know so well uh well okay you know record and and and and and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well you know well uh uh podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple music. A podcast um okay so like so okay um my bad and many more more more more more more more more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like you know um listenership. It's everything you need to make a a a a a a a a podcast in one place. Anyways, uh like like um um so um let's get get get get get get get get this rolling. Hey guys, welcome back to the podcast is the boys like like like like like like like like um okay you know okay so well again. We got been your host Ethan Ethan Ethan Ethan Ethan Ethan Ethan Ethan Patrick. And of course me. We're okay you know so I mean like so so so so so so so so um all the hosts. Obviously. We got four main hose the four main host. We got a couple guests Merit of their co-hosts. We got Mitchell Preston.