Hello and welcome back to the not another Runner podcast. Thank you so much much much much much much much much okay like uh um so I mean so for joining today. I am I am am am am am am am am I am I am I am I am I am I am so thankful thankful thankful thankful thankful thankful thankful thankful that you have downloaded this episode and I mean like I mean like uh I I I I I I I I mean like that you choose to listen today. I've had I've had I've had had had had had had had had I've had I've had I've had I've had I've had an awful cold all week. Week week week week week week week. So hopefully I'll well so okay um like um I mean be able to get through this this this this this this this this introduction without losing my voice. So today's episode is you know okay okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like well like something I couldn't wait to publish. The guest the guest the the the the the the the the guest the guest the guest the guest the guest the guest today is a fellow fellow fellow fellow fellow fellow fellow fellow Irishman the like I mean um um um uh you know very first wash wash wash wash wash wash wash wash guest of a podcast. And someone I have followed on social media for okay so so so so so so so so I mean so um okay you know a long while now. I'd actually heard of this this this this this this this this guest back on another podcast God well like like well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay over a year ago. Now whilst I was training for the London marathon and and and and and and and and I like so so so um you know you know remember listening thinking wow, this guy guy guy guy guy guy guy guy is crazy like what he has achieved. You know well I mean um so um um um um um um um um I mean. I was I was I was I was I was I was was was was was was was was I was I was just bewildered by his achievements. He is he is he is he is is is is is is is is he is he is he is he is an ultra runner from penarth Cardiff South Wales. His name is Reese Jenkins. He.