The truth the truth the truth the truth the truth the truth the truth the the the the the the the the truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth you're listening to uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay uh so I mean think fags. When big bank and DJ Scream laughing first first first first first first first first class sounds is the you know uh uh um uh so I mean voice of of of of of of of of DJ Scream big Bankers his time for another edition of big fashion like like like like like like like like okay like um like um okay big bank. We got family in the the the the the the the the building y'all nudity is on big fast, nobody. Okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like so um like. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. How you feeling, bro? Feeling good. Just Just Just Just Just Just Just Just nod his head ha okay um you know like you know you know like ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. It's a conversation. This ain't no interview. I think this is is is is is is is is just a you know okay so you know I mean um uh conversation. It's like like like like like like like like talking to you know, one of your partner and well, why don't well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know like um uh uh women man talk real talk, but one one one one one one one one thing you got to do we know you're so I mean um like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so going to do is just addition is swear that you going to tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell I mean um uh okay so I mean okay the truth the whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole truth nothing, but it was just big fast tradition. Can like um you know know know know know know know know well like I mean so you do that? Hmm? Okay. All right, cool. So what so so so so so so so so what so what so what so what so what so what so what we left left left left left left left left well like so you know uh well so off last time we talked it it it it it it it it was just just just talking about you and wrapping and like you know know know know know know know know you know uh um okay you know being Rapper and how you like you you you you you you you you Embrace certain parts of it, but certain like so well okay um you you you you you you you you know so parts of it you like. So what space are you in now with just the whole rap shit, by the way,.