What is what is what is what is what is what is what is what what what what what what what what is everybody this is recovery when I'm Jay lag and I'm NB and uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay uh well um okay this episode is recapping reviewing the season finale of of of of of of of of see of chilling Adventures of Sabrina well like okay um like okay you know season season season season season season season season 3 episode 8 and it's called chapter 28. Sabrina is sabrina is sabrina is sabrina sabrina sabrina sabrina sabrina sabrina sabrina sabrina is sabrina is sabrina is sabrina is sabrina is Legend and don't forget you you you you you you you you know you know like you know um well um guys stick around for the the the the the the the the any because we are going to go through our so like like you you you you you you you you know so you know you know recap roundups. Our best moments are best best best best best best best best lines of the episode. So be sure to um like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh stick around for that. We also have our contest going on on on on on on on on right now for like um uh you know I mean uh um a chance chance chance chance chance chance chance chance to win a $50 Amazon gift card and a pop socket. To enter um um um um um um um um you know well okay um okay you know just written comments on our our our our our our our our iTunes page and you'll be entered in the draw. We're uh so so you you you you you you you you know like like so extending this contest to the end of Riverdale season for so so so so so so so so we have lots of time you know you know okay like well um you know as as as as as as as as always to or containing listeners in a brand new ones. Thank you for joining joining joining joining joining joining joining joining like well uh well like um well us. Don't forget to like comment and and and and and and and and subscribe to the channel. Let's get okay like like so you know like um um um um um um um um into the episode. Yo, let's get into it the season finale. What do what do do do do do do do do what do what do what do what do what do what do you you you you you you you you know I mean uh well okay so okay you think? It was it was good? good good good good good good good It was really good. They're a they're a they're a they're a they're a a a a a a a a they're a they're a they're a couple things um I mean like you know know know know know know know know I mean well okay that I think I would have wanted done differently. But yeah, I'm still satisfied with what we got and.