Hi, it's Brandi Taylor. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to the business Beauty Network podcast. We're business needs needs needs needs needs needs needs needs beauty. Okay well you know okay so I mean you know. It's not not not not not not not not just lipstick its business. We will share a thought provoking conversations with business business business business business business business business like I mean uh so I mean um uh and Beauty professionals. Our goal is to to to to to to to to empower motivate and inspire you to take your okay um like I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well business to the next level. Hey, welcome hey, welcome hey, welcome hey, welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome hey, welcome hey, welcome hey, welcome hey, welcome to the podcast. I am I I I I I I I I am I am I am I am I am I am I am super super super super super super super super excited okay uh I mean so uh um you know to share today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's interview with you. I had a pleasure and interviewing Angie Deepa okay um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know teesta. Angie is a professional makeup artist of she's from from from from from from from from Toronto Canada and she works I mean um um you know uh you know know know know know know know know um on a variety of clients and projects and Beauty campaign to commercials and etcetera. She She She She She She She She also um uh I mean you know okay uh I mean does weddings and and and and and and and and Red Carpet Events and all of those things. She's a she's a she's a she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's a she's a she's a she's a she's a full-time makeup artist I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like you know you know I mean I mean so and I really enjoyed talking with with with with with with with with her about what it takes to be. Real professional makeup artist and a reason why I say a real.