Hey gang JV here due to its length. This episode of Beyond reality has been been been been been been been been I mean um I mean well so I mean um divided into two parts. This is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is part part part part part part part part 2 in which we talk about uh you know okay well I mean you know know know know know know know know um Tim Cohen's book The Antichrist in a cup of tea and which Tim well well well well well well well well I mean um I mean I mean um well not only claims. The Antichrist Antichrist Antichrist Antichrist Antichrist Antichrist Antichrist Antichrist is already Among Us. He actually identifies him both so okay like um okay well like like like like like like like like are fascinating discussions. So, please so, please so, please so, please so, please so, please so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, please so, please enjoy them and thank you for your support. The uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um um like night may be long and the dark maybe deep but the the the the the the the the answers are there okay so um you know um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean to be found whether it's the normal the abnormal or the Paranormal you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're in the right okay like like so well well okay place. Let's go beyond reality reality reality reality reality reality reality reality Our Guest Tim Cullen author of several books, including the Antichrist in uh like like like like like like like like um okay uh okay like a cup of tea. We're going to be talking about about about about about about about about that next. But before okay so like uh um I mean like we we we we we we we we do just a quick reminder go to YouTube If you haven't found well well well well well well well well so I mean so um okay so our YouTube channel yet and subscribe just search search search search search search search search for JV Johnson when you like so okay like um um like find it hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit the Subscribe button. There's no Gation no fee. It's all free and there's about 550 or so back episodes of Beyond reality on the.