Hello everybody. My name is Rachel Braun and welcome back to this episode of Brawn well well well well well well well well well you know you know um I mean you know and brains. So this week week week week week week week week we have a really interesting guest. His name is Zach I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay I mean um like so up, but you may know him as the the the the the the the the Nittany Lion so I actually uh uh um like well like uh knew a little little little little little little little little bit about Zach before this year before he revealed himself so uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so um so as the Nittany Lion because rumors around the College of IST, which I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm um you know um like like well okay a part of said that the The line line line line line line line line was actually in our major. So I I mean uh I mean well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so well had a little heads-up who is going to be but not really a a a a a a a a lot of you know well uh okay so okay well people have had classes Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach and I were new so that was kind of cool a I mean um um um um um um um um uh okay you know um I mean Penn State. It's kept it's kept kept kept kept kept kept kept kept it's kept it's kept it's kept it's kept it's kept it's kept secret till their senior year year year year year year year year who our mascot is and a I mean so like uh well you know know know know know know know know okay few months ago during football season, right you revealed yourself. So that's kind of of of of of of of of cool. Like I like I like I like I like I like I like like like like like like like like I like I mean I mean you know you know I mean uh. You You You You You You You You want you want you want you want you want you want you want you want to to to to to to to to give us a little introduction about yourself sack. Yeah. So, my so, my so, my so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, my so, my so, my so, my so, my name well you know I mean um um um um um um um um okay you know so is Zach. So I study cyber security in in in in in in in in the College of information sciences and Technology. I was I was I was I was I was I was I was I was selected in my.