I nursing students, it's Dean terpil. And this is the Enterprise podcast. Today is Friday, Friday, Friday, Friday, Friday, Friday, Friday, Friday, well well you know I mean you know I mean so March 6th 2020. I I I I I I I I wanted to touch base with all of you because um okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean okay well okay it feels like there's been a lot going on this this this this this this this this week, even though we've been I mean um um well so I mean like on on on on on on on on spring break. I usually only send an email with a link to the the the the the the the the uh uh you know um well you know so theory courses. So if so if if if if if if if if so if so if so if so if so if so if you have a a a a a a a a friend or relative a classmate who's in okay like I mean like uh okay uh the the the the the the the the in your clinical group, but not your theory class. Please pass this information information information information information information information information like you know um um well um like on to them or tell them to contact me me me me me me me me so I can send you know I mean I mean you know you know well well well well well well well well so them the link. This is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is this is this is this is important information that I want all of you you you you you you you you to so like uh uh uh uh uh have. It's going it's going it's going going going going going going going going it's going it's going it's going it's going it's going to be even more more more more more more more more important than usual for us to be like so um okay uh so I mean in in in in in in in in communication for you to have good communication with the nursing program over the the the the the the the the okay um you know okay okay you know I mean next several weeks. You need need need need need need need need to get in the habit of checking your BC like so uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like email. You need to check any messages in D2L frequently things could change rapidly as things have changed rapidly over the.