Are you ready? Are you going to do stuff you want me to introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce you know okay um so like well okay you? Okay, what's up guys? My name name name name name name name name is Andre. You're listening to this. You already like like you know okay okay like like like like like like like like uh know who I am. I'm in the car with Logan. So guys, how's how's how's how's how's how's how's how's it going? Okay, like okay you know you know well well you know so so so so so so so so Logan's my little from McMurray, but we're not going to mention McMurray the well um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know you know okay rest of this podcast because we we went to to to to to to to to tank. It's all it's all it's all it's all it's all it's all all all all all all all all it's all it's all about the only so uh like um so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean school we went to but we are currently driving. Back to back to back back back back back back back back to back to back to back to back to back to Abilene for okay I I I I I I I I mean like uh so well okay alumni weekend Don't ask either of us why why why why why why why why we had really don't have uh well you know so okay so you know any any any any any any any any other excuse. Yeah. I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't I don't I don't know why we going. All right guys before we jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump okay okay like so like okay I mean into this episode. I'm going I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going to to to to to to to to tell you real quick about anchor if you haven't uh so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay well I mean heard of Banker. It's literally it's literally it's literally literally literally literally literally literally literally literally it's literally it's literally it's literally it's literally it's literally the easiest way to to to to to to to to make a podcast because everything I mean like I mean you know like well you know know know know know know know know you need is in one place. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast. So right from your phone.