Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I okay I I I I I I I I mean uh I mean uh like uh want to thank you for your your your your your your your your support and listening to each episode and I hope you um um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so um okay I mean enjoy this one. If you haven't heard about about about about about about about about anchor its easiest way to make podcast. Well okay so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like so. It's totally free that's creation tools that allow you to to to to to to to to record and edit your you know you know I mean you know like so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay so like well you can be heard on Spotify up a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast Google podcast and many more you so uh I mean so I mean um you you you you you you you you know can also make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to make a like like like like like like like like um okay um okay I mean uh successful podcast download the free. God will go go go go go go go go to Anchor FM to get started at every okay like um so I mean like like like like like like like like you know touch point of you doing business with your customers give them 10 times times times times times times times times the value well well so okay well okay well that they expect will will will will will will will will comes to mind is my book The Five AM club. You know okay so so so so so so so so well like well well. I spent four years on the five am Club. I rewrote rewrote rewrote rewrote rewrote rewrote rewrote rewrote it over 50 okay like you know like you know well um times every line. Line line line line line line line. I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted it to be the absolute best. I have to give to the world I wanted.