Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like like like like like like like like to uh like okay you know uh I mean uh encourage all of you to to to to to to to to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor like you know well you you you you you you you you know well so well Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. It it it it it it it. So easy so so uh well um um so guys, I I I I I I I I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh okay so um like only known it like five ten years before early early early early early early early early because all I need to do is you know you know I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just just just just just just just just click post well uh I mean you know like well so and anchor will will will will will will will will do all the job for me. It will publish it in all I mean um um um um um um um um um okay you know so I mean the major podcast sides. You know apps apps apps apps apps apps apps apps that are available and I do like uh okay okay like I mean I I I I I I I I mean not need to do anything else. So this is just too awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome guys. You also like I mean okay so you know like I mean need need need need need need need need to make use of it. If you have a message if you have some come well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so like I mean like content, which you feel that needs to to to to to to to to reach out to the world or simply want okay I mean uh like you you you you you you you you know I mean you know to post something make sure you use this. Mascara. Now my my my my my my my my Skyrim everyone welcome back um like you know um I mean I mean like like like like like like like like to my shoes podcast. So this so this so this so this so this so so so so so so so so this so this so this log is a little bit late. This is the log on my Agatha.