Hey everyone, it's Deanna from Midwest Chicana. And I and I and I and I I I I I I I I and I and I and I and I am here to tell like you know know know know know know know know so uh okay um so you about the amazing app. I'm using right now. It is is is is is is is is called anchor this is the well okay like uh I mean I mean well app. App app app app app app app. I use to create my podcast and I heard about it um like you know know know know know know know know I mean well well you know from a friend of mine who actually does does does does does does does does it as well because I thought you know so like like um uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay at first oh my gosh, I want to do a podcast. But how am I I I I I I I I you know um um you know you know uh like going to do it? I I I I I I I I have I have I have I have I have I have I have I have have have have have have have have no equipment. I have no money and I want so I mean um you you you you you you you you know um so so to ensure that all our voices out here in the Midwest get get get get get get get get heard and how um I mean you know well okay um okay do we we we we we we we we do that on a platform without spending a lot of ton of um okay you know know know know know know know know like like uh I mean money, especially when you don't know what to do. So So So So So So So So she told me about anchor it's uh so uh I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like absolutely free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your well well well well well well well well you know well I mean um okay you know podcast bright from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you so we can um uh you know okay um like like like like like like like like so be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more and you can make money money money money money money money money like so I mean you know I mean I mean you know with your pockets, pockets, pockets, pockets, pockets, pockets, pockets, pockets, which is the most amazing thing ever with no minimum listenership. Okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so I mean. So if you're ready, I'm going to tell you right right right right right right right right now to just do it. It's I mean I mean okay well uh uh well everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.