This week's episode is all about working away from the home Mamas and the well well well well well well well well well um you know you know okay like stay-at-home moms. And we just kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of want to share our experiences since I well I mean well well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like stay at home with my kids Sam works out of the the the the the the the the home and just kind of like uh so like I mean so so bring a a a a a a a a little bit of insight and show you that there are really great um um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh so you know things. There are some really messy Parts about each roll. So So So So So So So So go and do well um you know okay uh okay I mean whatever you do do do do do do do do when you listen to podcasts whether you're cleaning your kitchen or throw so you you you you you you you you know um um uh well I mean your kiddos in their stroller and go go go go go go go go for a walk and let's I mean you know like well well you know know know know know know know know well chat. Hey mamas, I'm Sam and I'm Taryn and together. We're the messy Mama's Mama's Mama's Mama's Mama's Mama's Mama's Mama's we've so I mean uh um like you know uh created the messy Mama pod because we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've both experienced the messiness that motherhood brings. We're completely okay um um um like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh unfiltered and unapologetically ourselves as we chat about all things motherhood. Once a once a once once once once once once once once a once a once a once a once a once a month were going to to to to to to to to like um okay okay well you know like be spotlighting one of you mama's mama's mama's mama's mama's mama's mama's mama's so that you can share your story advocate so okay so okay like like like like like like like like okay like for your babies and connect with the other messy moms in in in in in in in in our community dry. Uh um okay like um you know um. Shampoo is is is is is is is is our best friend in this shirt may or may not be Queen. Our lives are completely chaotic.