Welcome To welcome To welcome To welcome To welcome To welcome To welcome To welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome To Girls Club a space where you'll experience realness vulnerability and empowerment to like um um um um um um um um like I mean so like so thrive in their relationships around you. I'm Angie white white white white white white white white and I'm Shelby Diaz and you like you know I mean okay um you you you you you you you you know like grams 7 twinsies active students in the space of friendships a less common common common common common common common common type of uh um so uh um okay so relationship that's discussed. And we're and and and and and and and and we're and we're and we're and we're and we're and we're and we're here to share all all all all all all all all that. We've learned and still learning like like like uh okay well uh so so so so so so so so grab a cold brew and join us at the table. This is the girls girls girls girls girls girls girls girls I mean I mean okay so well okay I mean go podcast. So Shelby nangi nangi nangi nangi nangi nangi nangi nangi here and I wanted to give a little shout out so you know you know so so so so so so so so well well okay to Miss Perry who's listening every week and I wanted to say hello. Hello hello hello hello hello hello hello. Well well so um I mean you know you know. I love you. Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks for changing my diapers when I was little and I you know well well well well well well well well well so so uh uh have a shout-out to to Perry the Platypus just just just just just just just just wish that you never okay so I mean well you know so well well well well well well well well seen. What is that is on Disney Channel and here's some for us. I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay well so like uh. Yes. Oh, yeah, Hey, where's Perry? He's like like like like like like like like a spy. What was your favorite cartoon growing up favorite cartoon at what age like.