Have you thought about making your own podcast? Have you thought about views and opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions um like so um okay like okay and expertise you would like to share share share share share share share share with the world? Well anchor is I mean okay um um uh um you know know know know know know know know the easiest way to make a podcast. That's all making this podcast. Anchor gives anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor gives anchor gives anchor gives anchor gives anchor gives anchor gives anchor gives I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so so you know I mean well uh you everything you need in one place for for for for for for for for free and you can easily download so well okay I mean uh uh uh it onto onto onto onto onto onto onto onto your mobile device or computer. They have Amazing Creation tools allowing you you you you you you you you you know so you know okay um okay I mean to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit so your podcast sounds great and they even distribute your podcast um um um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know so to Spotify. Apple podcast apple podcast apple podcast apple podcast apple apple apple apple apple apple apple apple podcast apple podcast apple podcast apple podcast Google podcast and so many more and and and and and and and and the best part you like I mean so like so like so can easily easily easily easily easily easily easily easily make money with your podcast with no minimum listenership. So go download the I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well okay I mean you know like okay app anchor or go to ANC hor dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot f m-- to get started. Hey, uh so um I mean you know know know know know know know know like I mean it's Ryan Reedy and this is episode 102 of the the the the the the the the two-minute tennis podcast. You know you know okay like I mean like okay. So So So So So So So So I'm going to share with you a kind of the the lesson that I had today with for high-level women's doubles players.