Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to the Chromecast the official podcast from chrome on box where we unpack unpack unpack unpack unpack unpack unpack unpack so uh so uh well well I mean everything from Hardware to software in the the the the the the the the world of Chrome and Chrome OS so that I mean uh uh well um um um um um um um um um well you can be more informed on all the latest updates changes and devices. Devices devices devices devices devices devices devices. This like I mean uh I mean well you know um episode is brought to to to to to to to to you by anchor when we decided to create a so I mean uh um I I I I I I I I mean so so podcast. We wanted to figure out the easiest way to do do do do do do do do it. And anchor you know um so like well um well is exactly that they they they they they they they they give you everything you need in one place okay okay um you know I I I I I I I I mean well okay for free and you can use it from your computer or or or or or or or or your phone. There are um you know like I mean okay you know um um um um um um um um a couple things we really like about anchor they have some creation tools that allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow you I mean um well uh um uh uh to record and edit your podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. They'll distribute your podcast for you so that okay um well um okay like okay you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll be heard everywhere and they have some ways for you to make money on uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay uh you know so okay your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. So if so if so if so if so if so if so if if if if if if if if so if you want to give it a try so okay I mean um well well well well well well well well well uh and make your very own podcasts We download the anchor a poor head over to Anchor FM. What's up everybody and welcome.