Hey guys, quick add break here to talk to you about anchor this is um um um um um um um um so I mean uh uh um you know the app that I actually use to make make make make make make make make and distribute bitch work is how I okay uh uh uh so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh first got started with the podcast and it's so incredibly easy to use. Use use use use use use use. It's an okay so well I mean like like I mean app you download on on on on on on on on your phone it's free and it's essentially a creation tool that well okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well like allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your your your your your your phone or computer. Anchor um you know I mean I mean you know so so so so so so so so so will distribute your podcast for you. It's so incredibly easy so it can be be be be be be be be so you know uh like uh well well heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and so so so so so so so so much more bitch work literally got distribute well um I mean well like well you know know know know know know know know it to Modify an apple podcasts within a day of me uploading my first first first first first first first first episode uh like uh um I mean like okay you can make money from from from from from from from from your podcast on anchor with no minimum listenership and it's everything well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know um so like you need to make a podcast and wine wine wine wine wine wine wine wine place. If you if you if you if you if you if you you you you you you you you if you if you guys want to get like uh okay so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um started making a podcast or have an amazing idea download the free anchor app app app app app app app app or so well like so you know okay okay go to Anchor dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot f m-- to get started. Hey guys. I am I am I I I I I I I I am I am I am I am I am I am so like um um um um um um um um so you know um uh like excited to bring you this week's episode of of of of of of of of a bitch work podcast. I am I am I am I am I am I am I am I am here with yeren Kim and assistant editor at 17. We're actually.