Hi everyone. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to ocbc insights. I'm Selena I'm Selena I'm Selena I'm Selena I'm Selena Selena Selena Selena Selena Selena Selena Selena I'm Selena I'm Selena I'm Selena Ling Chief Economist for CPC bang you know I I I I I I I I mean so uh you know so uh today. I'm sharing with you about the feds emergency emergency emergency emergency emergency emergency emergency emergency 50 basis point cut um uh so well okay uh I mean the fat unanimously unanimously unanimously unanimously unanimously unanimously unanimously unanimously cut the federal funds rate by an emergency 50-point citing a material change well so so so so so so so so like uh so you know like in the u.s. Outlook due to the covid-19 outbreak fed fed fed fed fed fed fed fed chairman Powell basically indicated that um so you know um like I mean well the the the the the the the the virus and the measures that are being taken to contain. It will surely way way way way way way way way so uh like uh you know you know you know on economic activity both in in in in in in in in the US and abroad for some time. This uh uh you know I I I I I I I I mean you know I mean well came earlier than scheduled March fomc meeting but but but but but but but but clearly illustrates. What we said about you know you know so okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like the FED being cornered in to a 50 basis point cut by by by by by by by by market. The question well um um so I mean I mean like that that that that that that that that remains is where will the FED go from here? If you reference the G7 uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean you know you know I mean so meeting of Finance Chiefs that actually felt felt felt felt felt felt felt felt to reveal more than verbal jawboning. So like okay uh you know I mean um um um um um um um um well our senses look to the market reaction Wall Street quickly sold off while US Treasury bonds got an adrenaline boost. We saw the two-year you.