What's up - Lapham. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to taking sides the marriage podcast with Dylan and and and and and and and and okay like like well you know so so Ashlee of the - Lee's we are are are are are are are are on a high right now. We just well uh I mean okay like like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh filmed one podcast with one of my heroes in this world Ralphie Jacobs from taking from from from from from from from from uh well um so well you know okay taking sides from Simply on purpose purpose purpose purpose purpose purpose purpose purpose - we should ever on this podcast. So so um um uh you know um um um um um um um um um that's going to be on big little life right now. We have all of of of of of of of of your emails. Like like um um well so okay. We're just going to go through them them them them them them them them answer them with our heart. I'm really trying well you know okay well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh to answer these well for you guys down and I are just um you you you you you you you you know um I mean you know okay um two normal people. Or and or or or or or or or or and or and or and or and or and or and or and we have our our our our our our our our own struggles. So we're just going to okay you know I mean so you you you you you you you you know like I mean tell you what we would hope that we would do do do do do do do do in these situations. We I we I we I we I we I we I I I I I I I I we I we I mean you know I mean like so well uh would hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope that we would do and will also tell you what we have well like so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like okay done which was probably what we hoped. We wouldn't do combined combined combined combined combined combined combined combined with some things. Um um well like well I mean uh. We've learned learned learned learned learned learned learned learned in marriage therapy and books and all that good stuff. So without so without so so so so so so so so without so without so without so without so without so without you know okay like like like like like like like like um okay like um further Ado, let's get started by do it looks looks looks looks looks looks looks looks of mine with the stuff from uh I mean you know uh I mean well well well well well well well well um books. Hey everyone, you're listening to taking sides with the - Lee's a show where couples and.