Are you guys today's episode of the drunk tank podcast is brought to you by um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay well so I mean anchor anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording hosting in distributing your podcast. Best like uh you know so uh like so of of of of of of of of all, it's a hundred percent free. It's ridiculously easy to use now anger can match match match match match match match match like I mean you know so um uh well you with great spot. So So So So So So So So you want to advertise on your podcast. That means you I mean you know know know know know know know know well um okay well so can get paid to podcasts right away. In fact, that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's what I'm doing right um so I mean uh well um I mean now now now now now now now now by reading sad I said it before but you know, we love using well uh so so so so so so so so well like like so incre you can hit record start talking. It stopped save the the the the the the the the audio. It's very it's very it's very it's very it's very it's very it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's very it's very easy um so um so um you know um to you know, Trim Trim Trim Trim Trim Trim Trim Trim the starting and end points if you want to cut out you know you you you you you you you you know so like well uh like some, you know dead are very easy to to to to to to to to do that as well. So, you know, uh well um I mean you know know know know know know know know um I mean if you've always wanted to start a podcast and make money doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing it go to Anchor so you know like so like uh well dot f m / / / / / / / / start that's anchored FM / start Let's Roll whole ruin the um um um um um um um um um um um uh okay um lives in with an hour race, Binghamton. We don't have have have have have have have have anything to look forward to all year. So in that that first Saturday March.