We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about I I I I I I I I mean I mean like okay like um I mean starting your own podcast, let me me me me me me me me tell you something. If you haven't heard about anchor you know you know know know know know know know know I mean uh uh um like is the easiest way to make a a a a a a a a podcast. Let me let me let me let me let me let me let me let let let let let let let let me explain it's free well you know well okay uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean their creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from from from from from from from from your I mean um well um I mean uh well phone or computer. They'll distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on like you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean well Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from from from from from from from from your podcast. No minimum okay um well so okay okay um listenership. It's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you need to make a podcast in one place. So download the so uh you know know know know know know know know uh okay like okay free acre app or go to Anchored ifm to get started. Started started started started started started started. Hey, do you like I mean okay I mean uh okay so want to join join join join join join join join in on the excitement Live join me every Tuesday night 7:00 p.m. On like so so so so so so so so I mean you know well um um the Chevy dude YouTube channel. If you you you you you you you you can't make it check out your um I mean well well you know so um favourite favourite favourite favourite favourite favourite favourite favourite podcasting platform at 6 a.m. Eastern time every Wednesday morning. This is beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond where you know so I mean um well uh uh you'll learn tips and and and and and and and and techniques on the car buying process. Us how to get the best deal what stands to watch out for and much more.