What's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, what's up, everybody Anton craley here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to to to to to to to to the I mean so well well well I mean well podcast. So a a a a a a a a so a so a so a so a so a so a so a big big big big big big big big question that I get either via email or over on our I I I I I I I I mean you know you know so um so um YouTube channel is from people that that that that that that that that are just getting started with their online store and so okay I mean I I I I I I I I mean um um okay they want to know what they actually have to get get get get get get get get done prior to launch. So so well um like well you know uh kind of of of of of of of of the technicality is right and this is outside of how so okay so so so so so so so so you know like I mean so to pick a niche how to get suppliers suppliers suppliers suppliers suppliers suppliers suppliers suppliers how to get traffic all that okay like um okay so like I mean stuff. Stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff. You can learn more about on my free training over at Dropship webinar.com. I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um uh okay so um. I'll post a link to that in the the the the the the the the the description by the way Dropship webinar.com, but like okay well like like well well once once once once once once once once you know all that stuff and you kind of understand how to build the the the the the the the the business then you know so okay okay okay you know well the question is, well, what what what what what what what what do you actually have to get done before you make okay so like okay um um um um um um um um well um that website on Shopify before you contact your first supplier before before before before before before before before you get your first sale? uh well you know okay like you know well So So So So So So So So I want to cover a business checklist in this podcast go over a um you know know know know know know know know okay like uh okay you know couple different options you have and then let you you you you you you you you know what I do and well I mean so I mean well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay what I recommend so with that being said, let's go ahead and get into today's episode. Okay. So the first thing we should talk about.