Happy birthday, happy birthday, happy birthday, happy birthday, happy birthday, happy birthday, happy birthday, happy birthday, birthday, birthday, birthday, birthday, birthday, birthday, birthday, the weed tube. You're two years old. And I love you. This is fun I I I I I I I I mean uh uh like okay well okay to speculate a podcast where we speculate speculate speculate speculate speculate speculate speculate speculate about wild and crazy ideas. And now and now and now and now and and and and and and and and now and now and now and now so um um so like like so here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's your host Aaron Richard. Hi everybody Welcome to a brand new episode um um um um um um um um well like like uh you know like of fun to speculate. I'm your your your your your your your your host Aaron Richard and sitting next to me is I mean uh like like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know producer Vlad. Hi guys. I'm back. Well, yes you were sick last last last last last last last last for the like you know okay okay I mean okay okay last episode. That's right. Right right right right right right right. Yeah, because in the grand scheme of things we recorded it's actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually well uh like um okay like I mean been a while since we like like like like like like like like sat here to do and episode 2 because we okay I mean so you know know know know know know know know uh like so recorded so many episodes in like a three-day time span and and and and and and and and we had a so uh um I mean okay okay uh nice little break break break break break break break break in between and now we have to catch up okay I mean like so so so so so so so so like okay okay and record one like every week or schedule another week of insanity. That's okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay though. You know you know so like um I mean well. I love I love love love love love love love love I love I love I love I love I love I love this show. I I I I I I I I love this show. I want this show. I hope everyone in well okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um like I mean um the world listens to that's a little bit extreme, extreme, extreme, extreme, extreme, extreme, extreme, extreme, but, you know, okay you know I mean um I mean uh okay I hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope a lot of people enjoy it. I hope we keep the topics coming I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean okay like okay so you know in good thought-provoking ways, and I just hope we always keep it entertaining for you. So, thank you.