So people so people so people so people so people so people so people so people people people people people people people people are always asking me. Wow, Donna. You must you must you must you must you you you you you you you you must you must you must you must be so tech-savvy how like you know so so so so so so so so I mean um like like in the world, you know how to make a a a a a a a a podcast and I crack up uh okay um I mean well well you know because because because because because because because because I am not tech savvy. I just use an app called anchor um you know know know know know know know know uh you know well you know like which I highly recommend to anyone. It is is is is is is is is a free app. It gives it gives it gives it gives it gives it gives gives gives gives gives gives gives gives it gives it gives you step-by-step well so well like so so okay directions on on on on on on on on how to create your very own podcast. The audio is exceptional. There uh I I I I I I I I mean um um you know okay okay are free editing's tools and the best best best best best best best best part is that they distribute the out your podcast like uh like well um um um um um um um um like so for you and So if you're interested in making a podcast just just just just just just just just download the so well like um you know like so free anchor app app app app app app app app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get get get get get get get get started that I mean uh you know uh um okay like anchor ANC hor hor hor hor hor hor hor hor dot f m-- and you can have a podcast to um uh you you you you you you you you know like well okay so welcome. Welcome to another episode of the good sign sign sign sign sign sign sign sign with me your host honest I mean I mean you know so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so him in Tove. Thank you so much for tuning in to this week's episode. Episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. I okay so like so okay um so am thrilled honored excited really really happy to be sitting here with my most beautiful.