You're listening to the buying Graphics podcast. This is this is this is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is this is an episode that originally originally originally originally originally originally originally originally aired on youtube. Uh okay I mean you know you know like like. So the used to to to to to to to to be a visual element. There is there is there is there is there is is is is is is is is there is there is there is not any more. This is this is this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is this is okay you know know know know know know know know um I mean okay um well just for your listening pleasure. Maybe you're out out out out out out out out walking the dog or driving I mean well um well uh uh um the the the the the the the the car where it's not so easy to watch the video version. This is this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is this is this is so so so so so so so so like I mean well like like I mean why this audio version exists. If If If If If If If If you like us doing this, please do leave like I mean uh um like you you you you you you you you know okay us a review wherever your podcasts we really do appreciate it it it it it it it it and let's get I mean okay so so so okay okay into this episode. So today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's highly recognizable protagonist was hailed as a genius of entertainment okay so so so so so so so so so like like uh so a wizard of animation. A pioneer of technology and theme parks parks parks parks parks parks parks parks the influence of well well so okay I mean um okay Walt Disney on on on on on on on on today's popular culture and Collective imagination. It cannot be understated. You like well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um uh uh could love him. You can hate him or you can can can can can can can can love to hate him but like so so so I mean so okay you simply cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot ignore his work Walt Disney once famously said that laughter is America's uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like um I mean greatest export but well, it's not is actually travel and and and and and and and and transportation with 236 like I mean you know uh okay so uh billion dollars in sales in 2017, but sale of intellectual property including TV and movies.