These entrepreneurs are are one very Savvy some have been through it before some so so so so so so so so okay I mean uh okay uh um have been through multiple exits exits exits exits exits exits exits exits others. This is a first-time kind of thing, but they so you know well well well well well well well well you know you know uh so all have one common thread which is they know know know know know know know know where there's a pain in you know you know so you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh sports or Esports. They know they have a solution for that and they know know know know know know know know like um well well well uh I mean that there are people willing to pay pay pay pay pay pay pay pay for that pain to go away. You're well well so um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh listening to sports Tech feed the global Sports technology podcast. Fast that's right. You listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen I mean um um okay okay uh well to sports take feed. I'm your host. Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom salome's great to have you joining us. Once you know I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know I mean again, we've got a really insightful and interesting discussion discussion discussion discussion discussion discussion discussion discussion today with Tim Hayden Tim's so um you know you know okay um like the co-founder co-founder co-founder co-founder co-founder co-founder co-founder co-founder and managing director of stadia Ventures. Stadia is stadia is stadia is stadia is is is is is is is is stadia is stadia is stadia is stadia is a global Sports Innovation uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um so like like Hub, including accelerator and fund for early-stage investments in sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports and Esports. They've had they've had they've had they've had they've had they've had had had had had had had had they've had they've had you know you know I mean I mean okay well I I I I I I I I mean over 40 cohort company since it launched in 2015, including five successful exits, and and and and and and and and I okay uh you know um I mean I mean um was lucky enough to judge their Global demo and selection day a few weeks ago and sent Lewis and.