Greetings Prince apps welcome to the second episode of the government being cast I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like okay um well well well a podcast dedicated to discussing the adapters. Titanic's will will will will will will will will titanic's will titanic's will titanic's will titanic's will titanic's will titanic's will titanic's will gain produced produced produced produced produced produced produced produced by Games Workshop. This like this like this like this like this like this this this this this this this this like this like this like you know you know you know okay you know know know know know know know know um is the second ever podcast I've ever made. So I so I so I I I I I I I I so I so I so I so I so I hope this isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't too horrible and uh so like I mean so uh I mean still trying to find find find find find find find find my feet. So I hope you are bear with um you know uh um um um um um um um um um like uh the bad editing in places. I've done my best to fix stuff and you know know know know know know know know okay I mean like I mean um uh re-recorded sections that were terrible. Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, let's get on with the show in this well you know I mean I I I I I I I I mean I mean well so show. I cover recent news and questions that I've been been been been been been been been asked by the well you know okay I mean so I mean like like like like like like like like community. I then I then I then I then I then I then I I I I I I I I then I then spend the rest of the show focus on a conversation about about about about about about about about um like I mean well well uh well maniples the basic building blocks blocks blocks blocks blocks blocks blocks blocks of the game. I was intending to spend some time discussing like you know you know know know know know know know know uh so okay well how to use them as narrative devices, but following some feedback feedback feedback feedback feedback feedback feedback feedback and realizing have a I mean like so I mean you know well so so so so so so so so lot of Basic Ground to cover I'll be focusing on the man of courses primarily primarily primarily primarily primarily primarily primarily primarily uh uh well you know you know um well from gaming perspective. This is is is is is is is is a longer episode than I initially planned and you'll probably okay uh um you know know know know know know know know like so uh notice a slight change in Styles throughout the main section section section section section section section section of the shug. This uh so uh um so I mean so week week week week week week week week work was a lot busier than I was expecting and much for my normal recording time was taken by.