Welcome to the UK fancy football show goes weekly podcast discusses many football fans. Fans fans fans fans fans fans fans. So well you know um I mean you know well. Favorite pastime will be be be be be be be be analyzing gaming 28 results discussing the shock defeat to Liverpool the like um like well well well well well well well well uh so uh end there invincibles hope and revealing our team's the game game game game game game game game week 29 joining I mean okay well um so okay so us this week week week week week week week week for the second time. This season is gold head of news you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um um you know well and features Peter Staunton. Last time you came came came came came came came came on your above Dave despite not touching your like like like okay so um um um um um um um um um team since game week one. Yeah, how you faring now? Not very good. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm about I mean well um you know like well well 3.7 million. In the the the the the the the the world, which is still about half way. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I well, I well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I like okay well well well well well well well well um I mean so you know think out of you know, all the people people people people people people people people that are still interested. I used like okay so um um like okay to interested interested interested interested interested interested interested interested though well-known. I get I get I get I get I get I get get get get get get get get I get I get the impression you're not from from the okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so like I mean so um fact you have a lot of players on your your your your your your your your team you are playing. Well okay uh um okay uh well uh the problem problem problem problem problem problem problem problem there was The League Cup Final so there was games rescheduled so I didn't have players in the team last week and sigurdsson.