Hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm near a all and this is the near and far podcast. This podcast is you you you you you you you you know okay um like you know you know okay about business Behavior. And the Brain on on on on on on on on this show. I do I do I do I do I do I do do do do do do do do I do I do a few uh uh I mean okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh things. I read quick articles. I've written I've written I've written I've written I've written I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've written I've written I've written about topics shaping your behavior. I interview authors of um like like like like like like like like I mean um like I mean well books. I enjoy and from time to time. Time time time time time time time. I devote episodes to answering your um so well like well so like questions. Questions questions questions questions questions questions questions. If you if you if you if you if you if you if you if if if if if if if if you want to ask me a question visit the podcast page on iTunes uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like um you know well uh go to ratings and reviews and ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask me a question by leaving a review. I mean I mean you know know know know know know know know well um okay so. I promise to read it and Possibly include your question question question question question question question question a future episode. So you know I mean so um well I mean um please please please please please please please please ask me anything now enjoy the episode and for more you can always visit visit visit visit visit visit visit visit uh uh so you know uh like okay me at near and far.com. How How How How How How How How to trigger product usage that sticks by Janet well so I mean you know you you you you you you you you know so okay Choi for near and far.com meditation like any healthy habit takes takes takes takes takes takes takes takes repetition to stick but I mean okay well so well um I mean while the folks behind calm a meditation and mindfulness app knew their products core value was helping.