Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need more more more more more more more more voices well uh I mean uh okay like uh in the church talking about the crisis crisis crisis crisis crisis crisis crisis crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast to the okay well well well um um um um um um um um okay so Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing we're seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing we're seeing we're seeing we're seeing we're seeing we're seeing we're seeing unfolding before our our our our our our our our eyes. Uh uh I mean you know like so so. There are a a a a a a a a lot of ways to get involved and an easy one is like okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like so okay to start a podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast hosting platform. If so you know like like you know uh like you haven't heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well so I mean uh me explain it's free. There's Russian tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit uh okay uh um like like like like like like like like like you know your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for for for for for for for for you. So so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so well you know like you know uh like it can be be be be be be be be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you okay okay like so so so so so so so so so well um can actually make some money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. Listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. It's um well I mean uh okay um uh everything you need to to to to to to to to make a podcast in one convenient location. So if you're interested you know you know know know know know know know know okay um I mean uh well download the free anchor app or go go go go go go go go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.