Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like to to to to to to to to I mean like okay like you know you know I mean encourage all of you to to to to to to to to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor um okay um okay okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy guys, I so I mean um uh well you know um did not know, you know know know know know know know know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only you know okay um well I I I I I I I I mean um um known it like five ten years before early because all I I I I I I I I need to do is um I mean like you know um uh well download the the the the the the the the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click post and anchor like like like like like like like like I mean well um I mean okay okay will do all the job for for for for for for for for me. It will publish it in uh uh okay you know so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean all the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I do so so so so so so so so I mean I mean well you know so uh not need to do anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything else. So this so this so this so this so this so this this this this this this this this so this so this is just too awesome guys. You like uh so like like like like like like like like like you know okay also need to make use of it. If you have a a a a a a a a message if you have uh I mean I mean um I mean so so some come come come come come come come come content, which you feel that needs to reach out to the world well you know know know know know know know know you know uh you know like well or simply want to post something make make make make make make make make sure you use this mascara namaskaram everyone. Welcome um uh um um well you you you you you you you you know okay to buy shoes podcast. So today's daily log. I have restarted my uncle more more more more more more more more like I mean uh um okay okay like than a practice and it was very very good. I like sweated, but it felt very good actually.