If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. You know um you know okay I mean so I mean. Let me explain it's free. Free free free free free free free. So if so if so if so if so if so if so if so so so so so so so so if you want to start a podcast, but not sure I mean like so so so so so so so so I mean okay like I mean if it's going to be something you want to keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep up with. There's no there's no there's no there's no there's no there's no there's no there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's no money so um okay um I mean you know like to put into it. It it it it it it it. So you're just doing it and if it works out great, you um I I I I I I I I mean well you know you know I mean uh keep doing it at no cost but but but but but but but but there was no money out of your pocket, uh I mean um well like like like like like like like like okay so which was a big incentive for me to want to go with with with with with with with with anchor. There's creation um you know so um okay so I mean tools that that that that that that that that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or so so so so so so so so like I mean uh so like well computer super easy. GE will gE will gE will will will will will will will will gE will gE will gE will gE will gE will distribute your podcast for you. So So So So So So So So it can be like I mean uh well you know you know so heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more and you can make money from your your your your your your your your podcast well I mean okay I mean well uh okay with no minimum listenership. I I I I I I I I have not found that any other podcast Creator and it's okay so so so so so so so so like okay I mean well well really everything you need to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast in one place download the free anchor like so like so you know know know know know know know know okay uh app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get started. You won't regret it. Thanks guys.