Hey guys, before we go into the episode. I want I want I want want want want want want want want I want I want I want I want I want to talk to you so so so so so so so so I mean I mean like well you know uh about anchor if you you you you you you you you haven't heard about anchor you are so missing out. Anchor is well um um um so so so so so so so so um so the easiest way to make a podcast. Not only that it's free. Free free free free free free free. There are creation so you know um I mean uh so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean tools that will allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your um um um um um um um um so well you know so I mean well phone or your computer. And the the the the the the the the and the and the and the and the and the and the and the best thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing is Anchor will distribute your podcast for so you know like um like well well well well well well well well well you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and many I I I I I I I I mean um um well um so uh more. It's everything. You need to make a a a a a a a a podcast all in one place, so don't you know uh so so like so so so so so so so so like If we anchor up today or go to Anchor dot f m-- to to to to to to to to get like so I mean well well well you know started. Alright now, let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's go into the episode. Hey, hey. Hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's up you guys? Welcome I mean so so so so so so so so okay well um um okay back to what's on your mind podcast. This is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is episode number number number number number number number number four and it's so um um like uh well um I mean crazy to to to to to to to to think that we've been doing this together for four weeks. I guess uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so so um you know what they say about time flies when when when when when when when when you're having fun. It's true, or at okay like so okay okay well so so so so so so so so least it's true for me. I hope it's true for you too. So I think you can guess that I use anchor to.