Are you thinking about doing a podcast? Do you have something that you feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel like so you know like I mean so um you know you want to share? share share share share share share share I know I know I know I know I know I know I know know know know know know know know I know Brandon and I toss different ideas around for um well uh uh like like like like like like like like so so months before we found out the anchor is the easiest way to make a a a a a a a a um so okay well so uh you know podcast and I'll tell you why first first first first first first first first of all, it's free. You can record edit and well you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um like like distribute your podcast all from your phone or or from your your your your your your your your computer. It will do well well um I mean like so okay all of the the the the the the the the work for you put it out on Spotify apple and all of the I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like okay like okay uh okay big names you can make money money money money money money money money with no minimum listenership. And it's everything you know um um so I mean so so so so so so so so uh that you need for your podcast right in one place. So here's so here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's so here's so here's so here's so here's so here's so here's what you need need need need need need need need like like okay um well uh you know to do. If you're interested Go download download download download download download download download the free anchor app or go to Anchor um okay uh well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay dot. F m-- to get started. That's ANC hor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- go check it um uh uh so um like like like like like like like like like out and get started on your podcast. Hello everyone. Welcome to the inside scoop on so so so so so so so so okay um I mean you know well you know Mental Health with Bracken level and Brandon Paxton. This is bracken level today, and we have a very.