Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello and welcome to the cosmic. I show I am your host Jason Bolton. Oh and and and and and and and and uh uh I mean you know well I mean so I have on the phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone Chris Sheridan. Mr. Chris shared in other words, well uh um like you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay otherwise known as it's going to mr. Christie, but that's mr. Christmas to you. So So So So So So So So well so well so well so well so well so well so well so well well well well well well well well okay you know you know like like. What's your name Chris? Mr. Darkness Mystic Mystic Mystic Mystic Mystic Mystic Mystic Mystic Mist aggressive try that next time at you know like you know uh well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay the casino tables young and montero's I'm going to I'm going to really date date date date date date date date myself. Okay I okay I okay I okay I okay I okay I okay I okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um uh uh okay uh. They call me. Mr. Tibbs Sydney quick to to to to to to to to remember that. Yeah. And it's sydney. Okay well so like so you know I I I I I I I I mean. I like I like I like I like I like I like I like like like like like like like like I like to pronounce it. Mr. Sidney Poitier what he really gotta you gotta like like like like like like like like I mean you know well uh um I mean really get into and and and and and and and and a pause in between there. Let's get out. There's a problematic you know so um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well pause as they surged about. It wasn't a stage and Screen. Yeah, uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know you know so okay stay stage and screen if if if if if if if if you wish and there you go you are without electricity today. You know well I I I I I I I I mean so okay uh okay. So we're going to try to make this a brief show. Show show show show show show show. I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I I I I I I I I know you're working on like you know well uh you know you know um battery battery battery battery battery battery battery battery power over there. So I have a good signal and I have plenty um um um um um um um um so so um I mean uh um of power. So I think we're good to go. And so we are good to go. We are speaking.