Well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I I I I I I I I well, I already know my rant already know my rant of the week this this this this this this this this week. Uh I mean like okay I mean I mean like. Okay, we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're not even done with the I know you didn't watch the show, but but but but but but but but I'm like I mean you know like like um okay I'm very upset right now. Now now now now now now now. Okay, this has nothing to do with anything um you know uh well okay you know know know know know know know know um we've ever talked about Kaylee doesn't know about it because she just happened to you you you you you you you you know I mean like uh so I mean uh walk in and the very last last last last last last last last episode. But anyways, I've been watching Love uh like okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like is Blind within the Pilar alert. Oh, yeah. I don't give a a a a a a a a fuck. I'm well um you know so uh I mean okay mad. Anyways, me me me me me me me me and my girlfriend had been watching it for the past two um like like like like like like like like okay you know well um um days. We were up till like o'clock in in in in in in in in the morning. I love Cameron and like um okay well um you know know know know know know know know you know Lauren. I'm emotionally invested in the two of them. Hey, she just she she she she she she she she just okay well so well well um well spilled her drink her water everywhere. Everywhere everywhere everywhere everywhere everywhere everywhere everywhere. Anyways, I'm emotionally invested in Cameron and lauren. Well well like uh well well so. So so so so so so so. Although I although I although I although I although I although I although I although I I I I I I I I do think Cameron. He gets a little bit whiny sometimes he's a okay okay um so so so so so so so so um uh like little he just he's very emotional. He's a very emotional man and and and and and and and and but but he well okay uh well okay so well loves her very very very very very very very very much. However today we made it to the last episode. We have not seen Cameron and Lauren's wedding yet, but.