Hey guys, my name is Lydia and I love love and everything so so so so so so so so well okay well well well so to do with self-discovery self-development and empowering positivity and and and and and and and and healthy living welcome to unplug a podcast um okay okay uh uh so uh series series series series series series series series were a child with interesting people about their careers and their life and their their their their their their their their I mean uh uh like you know uh well families. I'll be I'll be be be be be be be be I'll be I'll be I'll be I'll be I'll be I'll be your host host host host host host host host every Fortnight. So make sure that you stay tuned and follow like um well like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay me on Instagram at Lydia know where Lola with three-eighths of of of of of of of of the end okay well okay uh like I mean uh and follow as well unplugged unplugged unplugged unplugged unplugged unplugged unplugged unplugged artificial. We will behold posting every week. So if so if so if so so so so so so so so if so if so if so if so if you miss uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay well I mean well uh a week Weak don't worry. You can can can can can can can can always come back. So make sure that you subscribe um uh so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like that you shared this video this episode to your friends your family to to to to to to to to anyone who has uh uh so okay well uh I mean a need to listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen send it to them and I'll be more than happy to like I mean so so so so so so so so uh I mean so okay send you a gift of more podcasting. So let's get get get get get get get get into the podcast. Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, so like uh you know like like uh welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back to unplug. And today I have Katie Katie has actually been on this journey with me.