Look how look how look how look how look how look how look how look how how how how how how how how sane and linear we are being is a non-profit Homestuck fan I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay uh okay okay analysis podcast and is not affiliated with Andrew Hussie Hussie Hussie Hussie Hussie Hussie Hussie Hussie or any home stucks official I mean you know uh uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay entities. Please remember to support the release of its books and merchandise whenever whenever whenever whenever whenever whenever whenever whenever possible feel uh um uh uh so I mean so free to read along with with with with with with with with us. If you have epilepsy or any other light-sensitive disabilities you know like okay like like like like like like like like you know like so or disorders, we suggest you stick to the audio. We have have have have have have have have free audio transcriptions for uh you know well uh like so I mean this this this this this this this this podcast linked in the episode description if you wish to Read instead of um like like like like like like like like so um well so well listen both Elizabeth's are trained writers and editors. So we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going to have some opinions so like you know so well um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean about the construction of the story. These opinions may be different from yours, but we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're uh I mean okay like you know um uh not attacking the comic just offering offering offering offering offering offering offering offering suggestions. This show is not safe for work. Okay I mean okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like well I mean. And if you're a minor we ask that you you you you you you you you wait to listen until you were okay um okay like so I mean um old enough to to to to to to to to be shipped off of alter Nia to serve her imperious condescension. It's time to go to hell.