Hi, everyone, what's happened? And I'm here with Johnny. Bargain has all she she she she she she she she on top okay okay like so so you know so and Blake all good. So today today today today today today today today so today so today so today so today so today so today so today today today today today today today today we are recording the first episode of the podcast um uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um so so that we've been talking about recording for at least two or three three three three three three three three months. He has smelt you know I mean I mean okay um well well a a a a a a a a long story short may not going to be in touch for a while and okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay okay um well well I made not for sample cups of coffee on on on on on on on on the lisburn road and we thought so well okay you know like okay uh that that that that that that that that the ideas and the conversation we were having may help a few older. Well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay well okay well okay well okay well okay well okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so um okay um you know. So this is all very much part in those those those those those those those those thoughts into action. Okay you know like you know like okay well. And if and and and and and and and and if and if and if and if and if and if and if we can can can can can can can can help at least one other person as a byproduct of our okay like so so so so so so so so well you know you know okay conversations recording and Publishing it then we think this is is is is is is is is a very valuable okay um like uh um like like form to do. So, so so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so so, so so, so so, so so, so so, so so, so so so so so so so so first of all, we're just going to basically introduce um well so so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well ourselves so you can get to know us that more about who who who who who who who who you actually listened like um okay I mean uh like you know to and then down down down down down down down down the line move very much want to delve into some of you know I I I I I I I I mean so like uh I mean so those deeper questions that may help others. So So So So So So So So just so just so just so just so just so just so just so so so so so so so so just by where personal introduction my um okay well you know so uh um name name name name name name name name is Asha Monaghan. I'm from a gallon which is about 10 minutes from the organ.