Free to fly and step up and step podcast the puff and Steph podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast back for I mean um well um you know well okay another week of fun. Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello everybody. What up staff? Hey, how hey, how hey, how hey, how hey, how hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, how hey, how hey, how was the weekend? you know um I mean uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay It was pretty good. Yeah pretty solid. Yeah fantastic. You got got got got got got got got to sleep in like okay so like like like uh which was lovely. Sorry. You You You You You You You You weren't in Florida. I know it is well you know well uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well rough being back here in PA, but it was all right. I can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't complain well I mean so I mean uh um well man, you know on Friday. We We We We We We We We had a show about the woman who membrane Orlando well uh okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know so who killed her boyfriend by stuffing them in a suitcase. Yes. Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes. I'm playing I'm playing I'm playing I'm playing I'm playing I'm playing I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm playing I'm playing hide you know like you know okay you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know and seek and they have internal and oh, I don't know if you should should should should should should should should go I mean okay I mean you know okay so okay back to to to to to to to to Florida. It is full of really really weird people but it also has Disney I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean like uh well I mean and sunshine and your brother. Brother brother brother brother brother brother brother. Well, yeah. Yeah. Oh no oh no oh no oh no oh no oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh no oh no oh no Michael, I'm sorry. No, Michael Mariana. Listen every morning. Morning morning morning morning morning morning morning. Obviously you obviously you obviously you obviously you obviously you obviously you obviously you obviously you guys to Michael. That's it.