You're no walked into radio juxtapose the home of contemporary art and culture conversation coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming well um well well I mean well so up today. And for me, I I I I I I I I stress it that period in my life. I okay um I mean uh I mean I I I I I I I I mean um bucked Authority. I can I can I can I can I can I I I I I I I I can I can I can that stance which email Authority could not stand stand stand stand stand stand stand stand it. Like you know you know so so I mean um. And so if any any any any any any any any teacher a male teacher specially came to me and said, I mean okay um okay so well well well well well well well well you know oh you should be making more black art. Are you should be making you you you you you you you you know uh you know um uh you know um more black looking things. I would would would would would would would would just feel said that. Yes, this is Radio juxtaposed. Like okay well you know know know know know know know know you know so you know. Hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, this this this this this this this this hey, this hey, this hey, this is Doug. Thank you thank you thank you thank you you you you you you you you thank you thank you thank you thank you for downloading this episode of radio radio radio radio radio radio radio radio juxtapose. This is well okay well you know um uh so the first in in in in in in in in a series of very special live episodes recorded right here at the Armory like uh like like like like like like like like um I mean I mean okay show in New York City myself and Evan Evan Evan Evan Evan Evan Evan Evan pitched up for a couple of uh you know uh well I mean uh you you you you you you you you know days to check out one of the hottest art fairs in town. And we we we we we we we we I mean okay so uh uh okay like managed to NAB ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves a couple of very special guests on this episode. We sit down with the illustrator painter and.