What's up, everybody? Welcome to the in the dome podcast podcast body are you doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing you know you know like like um I mean well hey, how you doing? I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm pretty good myself. All right. What do you want so you know um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh like to talk about today? We got a breakdown. I know there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's not much stock well like well okay I mean okay well boat. We still still still still still still still still haven't broken down the Columbus game, but cardiac / comeback kids come so I I I I I I I I mean uh well I mean so so back. You know what that game room. Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, I okay, I okay, I okay, I okay, I okay, I okay, I okay, I I I I I I I I believe off the like well like okay okay uh I mean where we we we we we we we we thought we were talking about a couple of episodes ago were talking about about about about about about about about well uh uh uh well you know um house like a toxic relationship and I I I I I I I I was starting to get sucked back in. Like I like I like I like I like like like like like like like like I like I like I like I mean uh like um you know uh. Uh uh uh uh uh uh uh. Yep. And then I think you were to it's like when fully back back back back back back back back on board is um like like I mean like um so fully back with with with with with with with with the Calgary Flames right now to start that podcast. I was like um so so so so so so so so you know like well so like, I'm not I'm not falling for for for for for for for for it. I've been hurt too many times okay I mean so like so okay well well well well well well well well by these guys, but by the end of that podcast we switched but I I I I I I I I was you know well so so so so okay still whatever. Yeah, I'm fine. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm told I'm fully back. You're fully you're fully you're fully you're fully you're fully you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're fully you're fully you're fully uh I mean like uh you know I mean well well well well well well well well back. I'm proud. I'm not fully back. They've sucked me in that Columbus game. Like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like well like like um. Got me back to being like, I think I'll die for this team. I think throughout all this up and down.