Before we before we before we before we before we before we before we we we we we we we we before we get jumped into this first episode just want to shout out. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you you you you you you you you thank you so much like well uh I mean so uh well for tuning in listening. Listening listening listening listening listening listening listening. We hope we hope we hope we hope we hope we hope we hope we hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope you like it. We hope we hope we hope we hope we hope we we we we we we we we hope we hope we hope you enjoy it. If okay um like uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like you do, please leave a five-star rating subscribe to our podcast that will really really really really really really really really help uh so I mean uh uh um you know us out especially here in in in in in in in in the beginning. We're trying to grow this thing. This you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like so okay well I mean first one really is just us talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking about some stories going to get you, you I mean I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like so so know a feel for what we're going to be doing with this. This this this this this this this. We hope we hope we hope we hope we hope we hope we hope we hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope you like well you know well okay you know well so it. Also a a a a a a a a also a also a also a also a also a also a also a a a a a a a a big shout out to Eric case dude. Thank you so much so you know you know know know know know know know know okay uh like like for the software that you've recommended gotten us past our first couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple of weeks of like well you know um uh okay okay difficulties, but I think think think think think think think think we're on the right track now also forgive us for the you know uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um like sound quality at the moment. That's something we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're working on. We're we're learning. We're like um um so um uh uh trying to to to to to to to to figure out how to edit it and smooth everything out that's best for okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay um I mean you know so your ear holes so that that that that that that that that you can enjoy the podcast as much as we do. Thanks for hanging out with us again. Like the podcast subscribe to.