What's going on everybody? Welcome back to the quickie. This is Luke and and and and and and and and okay well I mean um like uh I mean I'm going to talk about about about about about about about about a Convent not really conversation. Let's talk about a statement I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well I mean I mean okay from Brandi Love about her and her her her her her her her her her husband's relationship whether it's an open well okay so uh okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay relationship with that. I don't know how it will have fun. Alright, stay tuned. Tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned. Welcome so uh um well like like I mean to the quickie and first first first first first first first first before we get into the show, if you haven't heard like well you know know know know know know know know I mean like so I mean about anchor before downloading it this time, it is is is is is is is is the easiest way to make a um um you know I mean so like like like like like like like like uh podcast and I encourage you to make your own podcast. It's fun and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's you know so I mean uh like uh like free. It's free to download download download download download download download download is free to be chord you talk. Anyway, you have I mean uh okay like like like like like like like like well um you know conversations. Anyway, why not record it and make make make make make make make make money while you're doing it. There are there are there are there there there there there there there there are there are there are there are there are like okay so um well well well well well well well well so like creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from from from from from from from from like you know uh um uh so okay your phone or your computer. Computer computer computer computer computer computer computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and other.