What a what a what a what a what a what a what what what what what what what what a what a paper change welcome to another episode today. We're going to to to to to to to to talk about the you know uh so uh well uh um gross margin impact impact impact impact impact impact impact impact of a successful launch of the Plaid mode Model S and plasmid so you know know know know know know know know well like okay like well model X on Tesla by this is something I'm really really really really really really really really really excited about from um um okay um well so like a financial perspective. So So So So So So So So going to nerd out on this shout out to the third row um well well well well well well well well I mean so um I mean uh podcast. I came up the idea idea idea idea idea idea idea idea for this episode. We were we were we were we were we were we we we we we we we we were we were we were just so I mean like well well okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh recording and we're talking about this new track package that came out for the the the the the the the the okay you know so so uh I mean like model 3. It's like it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like a $5,500 $5,500 $5,500 $5,500 $5,500 $5,500 $5,500 $5,500 upgrade where you can basically get these really you know okay well so so so so so so so so so you know so cool looking new tire. Hours for your performance model 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 which already cost 60 like okay um I mean you know I mean well well well well well well well well Grand and then you pay five and a half Grand more for these new new new new new new new new tires so okay okay so well okay like and these brake pads which are geared geared geared geared geared geared geared geared to make it perform better on like well okay okay like you know know know know know know know know uh the track. It's gotten some awesome reviews. So that's a really cool thing. And And And And And And And And I and I and I and I and I and I and I and and and and and and and and I was um um so um okay okay I mean just thinking like wow, there's so so so so so so so so much opportunity for Tesla as sort of this luxury Performance uh well I mean well well well well well well well well well like I mean Brand to upsell all of these fancy new features and services services services services services services services services that sort of I mean so okay well okay um like Die Hard fans fans fans fans fans fans fans fans and like Tesla nerds would love and the track package is one example, example, example, example, example, example, example, example, I mean so you know I mean okay like I mean but what I think is an even bigger example of this trend and what's really going to happen in late 2012.