Hey guys. I just wanted to take one second to tell you guys about about about about about about about about anchor okay so I mean okay well I mean uh which is the platform. Platform platform platform platform platform platform platform. I used to make this podcast. If you haven't heard about anchor uh so so so so so so so so I mean well so well okay its easiest way to make a podcast and and and and and and and and let me explain it's free. There's creation tools I mean um um I mean so so so so so so so so well I mean that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from from from from from from from from your phone or so uh I mean uh so like um computer. Anchor will will will will will will will will distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well I mean things like Spotify Apple podcast many more you can can can can can can can can make money from your podcast with like I mean um um you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one one one one one one one one place. Well okay well okay well okay well okay well okay well okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay you know like you know I mean so. So download the free anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get well you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so um okay started today. Hey guys, welcome to another episode of Laguna Laguna Laguna Laguna Laguna Laguna Laguna Laguna Beach the podcast. Thank you okay uh uh well um okay okay so much for tuning in in in in in in in in as always. It's your it's your it's your it's your it's your it's your it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's your it's your host Kelly. So excited so excited so excited so excited so excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited so excited so excited so excited to be here you know uh so well well I I I I I I I I mean well feel like I just sounded like Heidi like so excited but we got got got got got got got got our finale of um uh so like uh well so Love is Blind this this this this this this this this past week, and I know there is a reunions coming up on Tuesday or Wednesday. I think or.