Today's episode of the Hatchery podcast is brought to you by Luxor technology North you you you you you you you you know so like I mean so uh you know America's largest mining pool lectures goal goal goal goal goal goal goal goal is to operate enterprise-class mining pools with professionalism and uh so um I mean um um um um um um um um like well an intense customer focus. They provide a top-notch user experience and have a a a a a a a a great selection okay like I mean I mean you know okay um of of of of of of of of pools for you to mine to from a variety of notable altcoins to Big Big Big Big Big Big Big Big you know um I mean um uh you know like Daddy Bitcoin for for for for for for for for which they launched their mining pool in October. So be like like you know um I I I I I I I I mean you know I mean sure to go and check them out. We are are are are are are are are incredibly grateful that Luxor is uh I mean okay I mean okay uh I I I I I I I I mean chosen to sponsor the show going into 2020. We would love it if you okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so okay like um well as listeners would support the show by Ting Ting Ting Ting Ting Ting Ting Ting them you can find them online at so like like um well so like Luxor dot Tech and and and and and and and and give them a follow on Twitter at Luxor Tech Team. Hey, like so so so so so so so so so well so like um everyone Thanks for tuning into the hash rate podcast the best best best best best best best best crypto mining podcast in the um so um okay like um um history of the the the the the the the the world on today's episode mean hash and I are joined by okay you know um um um um um um um um okay okay you know so mr. Seth Estrada. We talk about building communities around proof of of of of of of of of work projects. We so uh well I mean I mean you know uh talk about about about about about about about about masternodes. We talk a little bit about Prague pal and mean hash has um like so so so so so so so so I mean okay um like an epic rant on the inclusion of big Tech into into into into into into into into the crypto space. So well uh you know okay well you know okay I hope you all enjoy this episode. If you would please leave us a rating.