Hey everyone. How's it going? It's been a while. I miss you guys. Hope Hope Hope Hope Hope Hope Hope Hope you guys well you know uh uh uh like so are all having a lovely lovely lovely lovely lovely lovely lovely lovely lovely week so far now before this episode starts. Uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean. I just want to give a quick announcement. So the the the the the the the the title of this podcast um you know like like um so you know is called called called called called called called called catch open me at the time that I started this podcast. I okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know you know I mean so like thought you know, what like catching catching catching catching catching catching catching catching up with friends. Just talking about random stuff, I mean like like you you you you you you you you know you know well uh you know catch up with me sounds like a a a a a a a a good title. But then as I mean you know um I mean so so so so so so so so so um I recorded the past few episodes, I've noticed something I started to figure I I I I I I I I mean okay uh you know like I mean um out what the theme of this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast should be. So if so if so if so if so if if if if if if if if so if so if so if you know notice you know like so well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like a lot of the things that we covered from the past few few few few few few few few episode I mean like well uh well um uh is about mental health growing up up up up up up up up and things we deal with as a teenager you know you know you know know know know know know know know like well like I mean or as a young adult. So with that that that that that that that that said the new title of the so I mean okay I mean like I mean um um um um um um um um podcast will be basically growing up. I finally figure out what the theme of of of of of of of of uh so well well uh okay um this podcast should be. So basically growing up up up up up up up up is going to be having guess okay um okay you know you know know know know know know know know so you know hopping onto the podcast and basically having them share what they they they they they they they they think is important so so you know well so like okay for us teenagers and young adults to know what it's like going up on their side.