What is up guys? This is Stu is what the fuck Jim talk. So I I I I I I I I mean you know um uh I mean um uh I made a post the other other other other other other other other day about the you know, I even made well I mean so um so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay a podcast it was probably one or two podcast back now from here maybe like like like like like like like like I mean like I mean like okay you know but about you know, your gym not not not not not not not not being the best our today, you know, I think like you know well so uh um um um um um um um um um it should be more of a pillar of the schedule and I made well well well well well well well well uh well uh like you know like this Instagram post and I dropped it it it it it it it it in a couple of Philly at uh uh um okay um well okay owners groups. And anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, and anyway, and anyway, and anyway, and anyway, and anyway, and anyway, and anyway, obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously you can imagine the feedback was was was mixed I mean so well you know know know know know know know know uh I mean I mean and one individual this Rob he owns a gym. I I I I I I I I believe it's called CrossFit like okay so okay I mean I mean like rise rise rise rise rise rise rise rise again. I apologize Rob if I'm fucking that up. You know, he shot me me me me me me me me um okay like okay you know uh okay a DM and you just like like like like like like like like bro. I don't I don't agree. I think okay um I mean okay you you you you you you you you know I mean well this argument is pointless. I don't get it. You should strive strive strive strive strive strive strive strive to do both like I mean you know okay I mean well like well well well well well well well well and he just didn't agree with it which was but he reached out to me me me me me me me me uh well I mean um you know you know uh and show me a DM DM DM DM DM DM DM DM and I do what I typically do when I you know uh you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like well hit him with an audio message and explain my position and you you you you you you you you know next like okay you know you know you know you know um um um um um um um um thing, you know, we're back and forth with a few audio messages and I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean well I mean so you know the guy, you know, we're we went from adversarial to you know, I probably go get a beer the.