It's Brock sale from the Bronx Tale podcast. And today and today and today and today and and and and and and and and today and today and today and today I'm going to be I mean so so so so so so so so so well uh you know you know telling you about my favorite app, which is is is is is is is is Anchor. It's the best app to use for any you know well well like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh type of podcast. It's free. It's easy. You can use your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone computer or any okay uh so you know you know you know you know other other other other other other other other device to record it. And once and once and once and once and once and and and and and and and and once and once and once you post the podcast, it doesn't uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um okay just go on acre. They post it on Spotify to to to to to to to to get your podcast uh I mean uh you know well I mean so more more more more more more more more exposure and to help you out in my opinion. Anchor has everything you okay so you you you you you you you you know so like I mean like need in one place and it is the best best best best best best best best platform to create. Any type like like well okay um okay so of of of of of of of of podcast I think this is episode 4. I don't know how many episodes I I I I I I I I mean I mean okay so uh well uh I've done. This is braden. Braden Braden Braden Braden Braden Braden Braden. It's a hybrid. Nice to nice to nice to nice to nice to nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice to nice to nice to meet you meet well I mean I mean like well so so so so so so so so okay who? Yeah, I don't think anybody lists the rest doesn't matter. Yeah, fuck it. It it it it it it it. We're so you know uh like so well well going to talk about the the the the the the the the combine that just happened and how the Panthers are going to okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know well okay get the best pick in the draft again because they're picking it seven then that's where we pick Christian McCaffrey.