Hi all 90-day Bri here with your tea on AfterBuzz TVs. 90-day 90-day 90-day 90-day 90-day 90-day 90-day 90-day fiance News daily. I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean okay you know uh so okay um. We haven't we haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't we haven't we haven't we haven't we haven't we haven't we haven't gotten to see see see see see see see see much of Stephanie on the new season of a for like like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know I mean you know the 90 days, but we know that she she she she she she she she has a plastic anemia that her like I mean like um you know you know so so so so so so so so girlfriend from the show lives in Australia and that her family is unaware that that that that that that that that she's dating I mean like I mean I mean I mean um okay a woman what what what what what what what what you might not know about Stephanie though is that she sells naked you know well well well well well well well well like okay okay you know um photos of herself online. That's right. Stephanie has a a a a a a a a patron where she has content. That's a that's a that's a that's a that's a that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's a that's a that's a you know I mean uh um okay uh so so so so so so so so bit risque. It seems it seems it seems it seems it seems it seems it seems seems seems seems seems seems seems seems it seems some people may have found this out though as Stephanie well well so so so so so so so so okay I mean well like took her Instagram stories to lay everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything out. Out she states that she is uh um okay uh I mean well well well well well well well well uh not ashamed of this content and that having the patron has financed financed financed financed financed financed financed financed her documentary as well I mean so like so I mean well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean as other creative projects and it's also helped her income in general. She ends ends ends ends ends ends ends ends it like I mean you know okay okay so like saying I'm a hello an an an an an an an an advocate a writer a content creator a dumbass. I'm allowed to you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well well like be everything. I'm allowed I'm allowed I'm allowed I'm allowed allowed allowed allowed allowed allowed allowed allowed I'm allowed I'm allowed I'm allowed I'm allowed to love whoever I want. I am am am am am am am am I am I am I am I am I am I am I I I I I I I I am not definable good for I mean I mean um you know like um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you girl. A woman awoman awoman awoman awoman awoman awoman awoman should be allowed to to to to to to to to do whatever she wants with her body so um I mean you know know know know know know know know I mean I mean well and her patreon is 18 plus. So not so so so so so so so so not so not so not so not so not so not so not just just just just just just just just anyone can watch if you want to support her and her Patron head over to patreon.com.