Hi everyone. This is Cushy and this is Erica. We are we are we we we we we we we we are we are we are we are we are we are from Tata Institute Institute Institute Institute Institute Institute Institute Institute uh uh well well uh like I mean of social sciences who have t and and and and and and and and we present to you goonch go to you know you know I mean um um um um um um um um you know well like the podcast where we plan to discuss issues in and and and and and and and and around our campus from you know you know I mean uh I mean like like like like like like like like um current social concerns to pineapple on pizzas and everything else in between you plan on on on on on on on on conducting like um you know okay so so well interviews with guests from both within within within within within within within within and outside of our campus. We also plan uh well I mean okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh on having discussions and debates on a Wide range of topics we have something something something something something something something something for I mean okay well well um like so our listeners as well. We will will will will will will will will be having fun contest for our well well like um I mean um well listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners as well as a few surprise segments. I hope all this mess will you you you you you you you you know okay uh okay uh I mean well join us on this journey filled with with with with with with with with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, uh well um um uh you know so so so so so so so so don't forget to tune in to goonch. Wide range of topics we have something you you you you you you you you know um like you know you know uh well for our listeners as well. Well well well well well well well. We will be having fun contest for our listeners you know well uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like you know as well as a few surprise segments. I hope all this this this this this this this this mess will join like um well uh you know um like us on this this this this this this this this journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget to tune in to goonch.