Hey, Joel, hey, Joel, hey, Joel, hey, Joel, hey, Joel, hey, Joel, hey, Joel, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, Joel, since we just finished our podcast. How are we going to upload this like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um um well so stuff? You haven't heard about anchor dot. F F F F F F F F m-- Nah, man. What is what is what is what is what is is is is is is is is what is what is what is um uh so you know um so well it all all all all all all all all about Oh Sees easiest way to make a podcast really so um uh um um um um um um um um uh okay I mean I mean well, first of all, it's completely free. You don't go go go go go go go go to pay nothing. I mean uh um um you know you know like. Really? Really Really Really Really Really Really Really Yeah. So are so are so are so are so are so are so are are are are are are are are so are we just dumping the audio on the Internet or so I mean well well well well well well well well okay okay well you know is there a ways to do things with it it it it it it it it then? Oh, no anchors got creation you know so um okay uh so like tools allow you you you you you you you you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or like well um um um um um um um um like um I mean you know your computer. Wow. That is so awesome. Yes. Now is is is is is is is is it? It just on anchor or you know okay I mean you know like like I I I I I I I I mean does it go anywhere else after you post it? Well, once well, once well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, once well, once well, once well, once well, once well, once you post anchor like I I I I I I I I mean I mean so uh okay uh anchor will distribute it out so I I I I I I I I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and I mean uh um uh so so so so so so so so well um a bunch more places. You don't have to do anything but post post post post post post post post it to anchor. Okay like uh you know well um I mean. Awesome. Is there there there there there there there there is there is there is there is there is there is there is there any any any any any any any any way to make money off of it? Yeah, you can uh I mean I mean I I I I I I I I mean um okay so make money starting with your podcast with no minimum listenership. Listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. You can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can make make make make make make make make money right so I mean um well so so like away. You can start making making making making making making making making money man. That is awesome. So what you're saying is it's okay well well well well well well well well well so um okay uh everything you need to to make a podcast in one one one one one one one one place. That's exactly that's exactly that's exactly that's exactly that's exactly that's exactly that's exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly that's exactly what I'm saying. Wow. So download the free anchor app or go to.