Hello, welcome to the theology pug cast and we're glad to have you with with with with with with with with us so I mean I mean okay well so uh again. And it's the whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole crew here today and we're going to do this uh so like so like um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh ourselves in a minute, but guys, I realized just the other day that so so so so so so so so okay uh well so I mean so we've been at this for a a a a a a a a year. Well, I think this is you know okay I mean like uh you know know know know know know know know like like episode 56 or something. Maybe it maybe that's wrong. We need the fact fact fact fact fact fact fact fact like well I mean so well you know okay Checkers out there to correct us, us, us, us, us, us, us, us, you know, occasionally we do say things well okay like you know like okay well that that that that that that that that are not correct often speak for yourself. Awesome, we awesome, we awesome, we awesome, we we we we we we we we awesome, we awesome, we awesome, we awesome, we correct each other in the the the the the the the the um so uh like I mean you know uh course of the show, but that that that that that that that that just has because we do is almost uh like so okay so so you you you you you you you you know zero prep. We just kind of come from wherever we are are are are are are are are and we sit like uh so like like like well down and and I think think think think think think think think most of the time we do catch each other but I mean um well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean okay like Caitlin someone Catches Us from someplace else. Never glad. I'm glad glad glad glad glad glad glad glad I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad that so so so so so so so so you know uh well I mean you know uh I don't think it's ever happened happened happened happened happened happened happened happened to Glenn. I'm glad you got me last week I mean so well so uh so so so so so so so so okay on Warfield and Whitfield. I've not I've not I've not I've not I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've not I've not I've not I've not heard the end of it my colleague Frank a mullet. Yeah initially when you.