Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would would would would would would would would like okay so like um okay um you know to encourage all of you you you you you you you you to download the free anchor app or go well well like like you know know know know know know know know you know you know to Anchor Todd FM to get started on this. It It It It It It It It has it has it has it has it has it has it has it it it it it it it it has made it. So easy so easy so easy so easy so easy so so so so so so so so easy so easy so easy I mean you know you know I mean you know know know know know know know know uh I mean guys, I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If If If If If If If If I if I if I if I if I if I if I if if if if if if if if I I mean uh so okay uh uh well had only known it like five five five five five five five five ten years before early because all I need to well well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean uh um do is download the anchor. I have I have I I I I I I I I have I have I have I have I have I have record my voice voice voice voice voice voice voice voice in it and just so well uh you know uh like I mean click post and anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish it you know you know know know know know know know know well I mean okay like okay in all the major podcast sides. You know know know know know know know know apps that are available and I do not um um um so like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh need to do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You You You You You You You You also you also you also you also you also you also you also you you you you you you you you also need uh I mean uh well okay you know um to make use use use use use use use use of it. If you have a message if you have some come like okay um um um um um um um um um you know okay uh content, which you feel that needs to reach out out out out out out out out to the world or simply want okay you know like uh so uh I I I I I I I I mean to post something make sure you use this. Mascara. Namaskaram everyone, welcome back to to to to to to to to my shoes like you know uh like um like um podcast. So in today's podcast, I will be answering some queries that they receive on a day-to-day basis.