Yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor it's the app you know okay so uh well so well I'm using it is is is is is is is is definitely the easiest one to use it's free and there's creation like like like like like like like like I mean like uh you know you know uh tools straight in the app that that that that that that that that allow you to edit your podcast from your phone I mean uh okay okay like like like like like like like like I mean I mean or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to to to to to to to to Spotify apple and uh so so so well you know okay many more without having having having having having having having having to do anything which is great and you can make money well so you you you you you you you you know uh well uh so from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also also also also also also also also great man. You gotta you gotta you gotta you gotta you gotta you gotta you you you you you you you you gotta you gotta grind you um well okay like uh okay you know know know know know know know know got to get to where you're going. So it's everything you need to do do do do do do do do all so well I mean uh okay well uh one place and to download download download download download download download download the app go to anchor on the App Store anchored on FM I mean um um um um um um um um um like um I mean um online to get Started let's get in the madness. Madness madness madness madness madness madness madness. Yo, yo yo, this is like okay you know well like well um I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll bleed blue forever. Listen to my man. Everything in everything in everything in everything in in in in in in in in everything in everything in everything in everything in YG's podcast Your Grace showed well well well well well well well well you know um like okay like uh man loved listening. Keep it up. Keep doing keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep doing keep doing keep doing keep doing keep doing keep doing keep doing what you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're doing man. Like um like um like um like um like um like um like like like like like like like like um like um like okay um um uh. Great show great. Listen, love listening. Keep Keep Keep Keep Keep Keep Keep Keep it keep it keep it keep it keep it keep it keep it keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep it up on a Giants players free agency cap space who ever listened to my man.