All right guys, if you're anything like me then you are all too too too too too too too too good at you know like I mean okay okay so like procrastinating and you you you you you you you you know what 2020 not about that. I wanted to make so so well you you you you you you you you know well um um this podcast forever ago. And finally I'm starting I'm using using using using using using using using anchor as my platform. Anchor like anchor like anchor like anchor like anchor like anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor like anchor like anchor like like okay well you know okay like is the the the the the the the the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It is it is it is is is is is is is is it is it is it is it is it is free totally you know well well well well well well well well well like so you know well free. Its creation its creation its creation its creation its creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation its creation its creation its creation tools are super easy to use and and and and and and and and it allows you to so well okay well um so so record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your well you know so so so so so so so so well uh like so podcast for you so it can be heard on on on on on on on on Spotify Apple podcast and many more um well okay uh well uh um platforms you you you you you you you you can make money from your podcast right away with no minimum listenership guys. Well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um well um like. It's that good. Okay, it's everything you need to to to to to to to to make a podcast in one place, I mean well like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh so please download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- okay well like you know well uh so to get started. Trust me. You You You You You You You You will not regret it. Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, welcome back so well well I mean you you you you you you you you know so um to my podcast or Thea here. What what? How's it going? Happy Monday or whatever day you're listening to this.