If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a a a a a a podcast. Let so so okay like well like well me explain. First of all, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's free. You don't have to put any money up so you know you know well like like like like like like like like well I mean front for someone who's starting out podcasting. That's a pretty big deal. Deal deal deal deal deal deal deal. There I mean like okay uh uh like I mean are creation tools that allow you to to to to to to to to record and edit your podcast right from okay so well uh okay you know well well well well well well well well your phone or computer. You have to go out and spend a lot of money money money money money money money money buying well um well uh okay you know so software paying for recording equipment anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor will distribute your podcast for you. Like well okay like like you know so. So it can can can can can can can can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more and okay I mean okay you you you you you you you you know uh I mean so the best part you can make money from your your your your your your your your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything like so okay um like like you you you you you you you you know you need to make a podcast in one place doubled the free anchor so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean you know okay uh app or go to Anchor dot. F F F F F F F F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get started reads ranches proud apart apart apart apart apart apart apart apart like you know like like I mean like um with Marcos Garza and and and and and and and and the Garza Law Firm. Find yourself find yourself find yourself find yourself find yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself find yourself find yourself find yourself needing a lawyer for like um um you know know know know know know know know well well so a DUI. If you need a criminal defense lawyer, if you need need need need need need need need a personal injury lawyer, you know you know um okay so um uh Mark, Rose Garza Garza Garza Garza Garza Garza Garza Garza and his team can handle all three Garza. Law.com 8 law.com 8 law.com 8 law.com 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 law.com 8 law.com 8 law.com 8 law.com 8 6 5 5 4 0 8300 before you say.