Hey for hey for hey for hey for hey for hey for hey for for for for for for for for hey for Center fans. Great Star Wars discussions are on the way. But you know know know know know know know know so like um so okay so first, let me tell you about anchor it's the the the the the the the the easiest way to make well well um um you know okay okay a podcast. Let me me me me me me me me explain first. It's free. That's the truth. It's free and there's I mean like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well like like creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your you know like so um you know well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean phone or computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So going to be be be be be be be be heard on you know okay okay uh I mean I mean you know Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcasts and many many more places to list keeps on growing and and and and and and and and you uh like okay um okay well okay can make money from your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need. Like well like well like well like like like like like like like like well like well like well like well like well so you know you know so so so so so so so so you know. Need to make a podcast in one place. So get started started started started started started started started today start your podcast uh um you know you know so uh like get get get get get get get get your voice out there download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. You You You You You You You You know I mean you know okay uh I mean I mean. F m-- to to to to to to to to get started and now a word about Spotify on spotify. Uh like so you know know know know know know know know you know so so. You can listen to all of your favorite artists podcasts and even even even even even even even even podcasts about well I mean like so you know um um artists all all all all all all all all in one place for free. You don't even need a premium account uh so so so so so so so so like well um okay you know Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on on on on on on on on every topic including the one you're listening to right now for Center talking about Star Wars Spotify also has a.