Hi, welcome to you were taught that in school episode 1 taxes, everyone always always always always always always always always um okay um uh um well like writes after they get out of school school school school school school school school about how they couldn't do their taxes and uh well I mean so like like like like like like like like I mean so how they wish school and taught them to do their their their their their their their their taxes. And why um I mean okay uh uh you know like didn't somebody teach teach teach teach teach teach teach teach them do their taxes what you were taught that in um I mean like like like like like like like like well so well like school. It's called basic math in first grade or 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd grade. They taught they taught they taught they taught they taught they taught they taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught they taught you how um like I mean okay I mean I mean I mean to to to to to to to to add and subtract numbers. That's how that's how that's how that's how that's how how how how how how how how that's how that's how that's how you do taxes. You line them up uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh like so you know you know in a column you add some some some some some some some some together, you subtract some the Part about that is you um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like I mean okay were taught how to follow directions. There's directions at the the the the the the the the top of the paper. Like you know uh okay I mean so so so so so so so so well. You were supposed to read them. You read you read you read you read read read read read read read read you read you read you read you read those directions and you follow them. Um Um Um Um Um Um Um Um okay um okay um okay um okay um okay um okay um okay um um um um um um um um okay I mean um well like um. So you were taught that in school that was was was was was was was was in elementary school the fact that uh you know well uh so uh so you you you you you you you you can't follow directions and do simple math doesn't mean that you weren't taught that that that that that that that that so you know you know um well okay um in school. It just it just it it it it it it it it just it just it just it just it just it just means that that that that that that that that you can't do simple math or follow directions. This has been you we're taught that that that that that that that that in school episode 1. See you see you see you see you see you see you see you see you next week.