You're right. It makes it makes it makes it makes it makes it it it it it it it it makes it makes it makes you happy every time every time it goes on. On on on on on on on. Well well well you know uh I mean you know. It's just like I I I I I I I I don't know what it is. Like the power of music is I mean I I I I I I I I mean um um you know so I mean a real real thing. You know, who who who who who who who who loves music Tommy Tommy. Mmm. I have never uh I mean uh uh so okay you you you you you you you you know met a lot of the three babies we have he is the one he so so so so so so so so well like you know okay you know so is the one that loves music so so so so so so so so much he will walk by the what is uh you know well well okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean that and home pod? And he will point to it. I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll pick him up. Um you um you um you um you um you um you um um um um um um um um you um you know so I mean okay okay well. He'll touch it. It'll It'll It'll It'll It'll It'll It'll It'll play he'll smile held down. He loves music. He loved music okay so so so so so so so so like uh well uh so so much to the point where if he can't touch touch touch touch touch touch touch touch it like he will start screaming um so um well uh uh well until he does does does does does does does does the reason why we're talking about this as like, I was kind of of of of of of of of like uh um okay well uh um in like a are we going? Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, we're going to how we're going um well you know I mean you know you you you you you you you you know uh to record this podcast like what's going on? Yeah. Well, he's like like like like like like like like are you a I mean so um um like well uh little upset? upset upset upset upset upset upset upset So yeah. I'm a little peeved right now. We just had a podcast about pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet peeves. I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a little peeved right now.