Hello everyone. Welcome to Let's coffee. Let's copy let's copy let's copy let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's copy let's copy let's copy let's copy let's copy is a collaboration between yardstick yardstick yardstick yardstick yardstick yardstick yardstick yardstick uh um I mean okay so okay you know coffee and thank you you you you you you you you for your applause everyone yardstick coffee and daily drink magazine. Okay uh like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean. We tape we tape we tape we tape we tape tape tape tape tape tape tape tape we tape we tape we tape here in honeycomb Manila, which is the home home home home home home home home of our company, but well uh like you know okay okay like also is is is is is is is is also a co-working space where people can come and even record here. We have have have have have have have have we have we have we have we have we have we have we have um um um um um um um um well you know okay okay uh okay a number of people who record here as well. Well well well well well well well. Now if you are enjoying the okay so you know uh you know um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay content, Not that we're putting out whether it be about four games or let's okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh I mean okay I mean okay coffee, which is about coffee and the industry. Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please do like this like this video click the so uh well like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um Thumbs Up And subscribe to our channel that helps a lot. If you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're listening via like you know you know um well like uh podcast or watching watching watching watching watching watching watching watching on Instagram on yardsticks Instagram, please also do leave a so um like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um like comment if you can we would love to hear from you, but it also helps us out a lot in getting the word out and.