Hey guys, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to to to to to to to to make um um so so you know okay like a podcast Let Me Explain real real real real real real real real quick first, it's free. How could you get you know okay you know you you you you you you you you know okay uh I mean anything better at something that's free. There's also creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to well so well uh okay well so record record record record record record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer how convenient anchor I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like well okay you know so will also distribute your podcast for you. So So So So So So So So it can be heard on Spotify Apple well so um like you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast to with no so so so so so so so so you know okay like um I mean okay minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make. Make make make make make make make. Podcast at one place download the free I mean like so well well I I I I I I I I mean um anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Once again again again again again again again again um uh so okay like uh like that's anchored on FM to get started. Started started started started started started started. Welcome to immerse boys immersed with the boys you know well like so well I I I I I I I I mean I mean and be immersed by the boys. Yeah, there we go coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming at you week three, uh so um um you know well um but four you you you you you you you you probably week one. Hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully week one because we've had a few if you miss allocation. Yeah. Yeah. It's been good. We're getting better though mistakes.