So I guess we'll start off with a question this week. My first of of of of of of of of well like like well well I mean okay all, it's episode 4 for for for for for for for for 4, fuck me and my feelings. Yeah. So anyway, like well uh you know you know know know know know know know know okay well Mike I'm gonna ask you a question. Yes watching. It's not not not not not not not not a trick question. Okay. I mean I mean well well so I mean um. Um um um um um um um. Do you think the Earth is flat? No good. I don't I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't have to fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking well okay okay so so I mean you know kill you because I was looking in in in in in in in in the news. Out of out of out of out of out of out of out of of of of of of of of out of the day that well uh I mean like I mean like like like like like like like like you know died. Yeah, you fucking doubt. He's fairly he said his whole life life life life life life life life trying to prove um um okay well so uh uh the Earth is flat. He He He He He He He He said he spent his days for $18,000 making a rocket. He I mean I mean you know know know know know know know know so well um um said I happen when the rocket took off the parachute went off off off off off off off off of it. I mean um well uh um um um. Like here's the rocket the the the the the the the the pair she fell out class as we could have uh I mean so well well well well well well well well like I mean um been a fucking idiot. That's what you get for being being being being being being being being a fucking idiot $18,000 built a um I mean you know like I mean like like like like like like like like uh whole rocket bro. That's like that's like that's like that's like that's like that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's like that's like that's like we like it's amazing. That's a nice Camry and SpaceX or $18,000 is like the chairs they put in that.