Well, either well, either well, either well, either well, either well, either well, either either either either either either either either well, either freaks, it's your boy Marty been here to introduce this flash episode of you you you you you you you you know you know you know uh so um so Tales from the Crypt sat sat sat sat sat sat sat sat down with our good friend Bitcoin Tina to talk about the well you you you you you you you you know you know okay well you know like perfect storm of things that are are are are are are are are happening in the world that are bullish for Bitcoin okay well you you you you you you you you know I mean well you know um a lot going on right now particularly this week week week week week week week week in American markets globally with um okay so so so um uh the the the the the the the the coronavirus reading I think you guys are gonna like it quick one always bullish bullish bullish bullish bullish bullish bullish bullish bullish uh you know um I mean um um okay as always with our good good good good good good good good friend Tina. This episode is brought to you I mean okay uh well like um um um um um um um um okay by the cash yet freaks are null. Um, I was actually had a friend so so so so so so so so you know like um I mean like so reach out to me the yesterday the other other other other other other other other not the other day yesterday. He was so so you know I mean like um I I I I I I I I mean like, ah, let's see easiest way to buy Bitcoin. Remember you told me download um um um um um um um um like so like you know okay so that what was it the cash yet? That's what I I I I I I I I said. It's the easiest way uh like you know so uh so well to buy buy buy buy buy buy buy buy Bitcoin. He had to be refreshed his memory had to be refreshed well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um I mean yesterday did a little video on my my my my my my my my cell phone showing them how so well um so uh like well to buy bitcoin. Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin. I did that thing where you record your screen went to the cash app scroll over to the squiggly line the.