Hey everybody, welcome back to the Dallas and show the podcast that I that that that that that that that that I have. Um, you know I mean well well like you know uh I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm here with Liana my girlfriend Lee and how you doing? I'm good how happy like like like like like like like like well I mean like like you know okay happy March. Happy Martin. You'll You'll You'll You'll You'll You'll You'll You'll Marilla marzipan, March 1 March. Oh, you know, it was so um I mean well well well well well well well well I mean I mean like a leap year yesterday. Yeah. I felt really really really really really really really really stupid because I had to ask you a well so you know um like like like like like like like like okay okay question about leap year. What did what did what did what did what what what what what what what what did what did what did what did you ask me to remember? We're about about about about about about about about people's okay well I mean um uh so okay birthdays, you know, I Grew Grew Grew Grew Grew Grew Grew Grew up with the kid whose dad his birthday was well um like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay you know that we'd always teased that he had his dad was only like like like like like like like like 14 or whatever. I you know okay like like um well okay literally never thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought of that once that's interesting and it's whenever I'm in Years of Living um um um um um um um um I mean so you know I mean you know okay that's how old you are are are are are are are are never thought wow could've fooled me. Well, I I mean well um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay okay you know apparently they celebrate it on the 28th or today. That's so so so so so so so so sad. That's not that's not that's not that's not that's not that's not that's not not not not not not not not that's not their birthday. Like okay okay you know so uh okay. Yeah. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's it's really weird. I know. Do you know how leap year started? No, it no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, it no, it no, it no, it no, it no, it no, it was Julius Caesar really because every four.