Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know I mean I mean I mean you want to stay spoiler-free spoiler-free spoiler-free spoiler-free spoiler-free spoiler-free spoiler-free spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I uh you know um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay reported that Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with with with with with with with with a production crew like okay uh okay I mean like so Link in the description and and and and and and and and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation you know um um well well well well well well well well um you know so speculated that Maddie was certainly going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory theory theory theory theory theory theory theory is officially dead like so okay uh so so well because Claire Crawley was was was was was was was was announced as next season's leading woman. So let so let so let so let so so so so so so so so let so let so let so let me get this well I mean um so so so so so so so so I mean you know you know straight. Maddie was filming something weeks after production production production production production production production production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so she uh well you know well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay has to be the winner of this season, right? Is there any other other other other other other other other reason Maddie you know okay uh so you know you know well would have been been been been been been been been filming this is unconfirmed. But as of right now I see um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well uh um no other explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let me me me me me me me me know your thoughts down in well so well well um so um the comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments below. That's all I've got for today on Bachelor News Daily. But if well so so so so so so so so so well you know you know so you're new to Clare Crawley, I just did a a a a a a a a deep dive on her earlier uh um so well you know well um today. So So So So So So So So check that out on this channel and make sure you check out I mean I I I I I I I I mean like I mean like you know like our Bachelor after show live tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef graham. Graham Graham Graham Graham Graham Graham Graham. Thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.