Hey, what's up? Welcome back to the Purple Monkey podcast. We got a I mean so so so so so so so so so well you know I mean okay great show for you guys today Beauty right right right right right right right right boys, beautiful beautiful show introducing a like you know I mean well like um like like like like like like like like new market today. We'll The Savage if that's me. I'm well, I'm well, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, or will okay so so so so so so so so you know so okay okay you know the Savage on this chord? That's great. Great great great great great great great. That's a big. Thanks very soon. That's you know you know you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know pretty Savage so money update two episodes in we not the not not not not not not not not the most uh okay I mean um well okay I mean fruitful episodes. I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd say we're at four dollars 48 cents should Chang it's still so uh like like like like like like like like like I mean so so we're almost at five dollars and was a a a a a a a a $5. That's the point so like okay uh you know I mean I mean that that that that that that that that I think we can probably Go to the dollar store almost five round trips. I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean okay you know um I mean um. Yeah, that's really awesome. We can can can can can can can can buy a bouncy ball or like a confetti Pauper you know I mean so um you you you you you you you you know like so like five of those not like a beef stick or this this this this this this this this that oh, maybe beefsteak well well so so um you know um say we can can can can can can can can see ya Takin darts at a dart for the Marlboro Man sponsorship like like like like like like like like um like so okay you know I mean backwards good idea. So this is the most most most most most most most most packed episode we've ever had that's cool. Uh well I mean so so well uh. Uh uh uh uh uh uh uh. It's cool five for the boy likes five people what could go wrong? We We We We We We We We would have to my tested fate. Let's just let's just let's just let's just just just just just just just just let's just let's just let's just let's just put it like that practically kissing.