It looks like there's going to be a lady Loki in the upcoming Disney plus plus plus plus plus plus plus plus like well um um okay uh um series after all there have been new set photos photos photos photos photos photos photos photos revealed on Twitter by at BR well so okay okay well well okay Marvel Marvel Marvel Marvel Marvel Marvel Marvel Marvel news showing Sofia demartino dressed in a black suit with the green and gold that you you you you you you you you know I mean so so I mean so so is a dead giveaway for for for for for for for for Loki. This was a rumor that was circulating you know uh um uh um you you you you you you you you know you know not long ago, but was never actually confirmed now looks like that's exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly like like so you know like well uh what we'll be getting. This also leads leads leads leads leads leads leads leads us to wonder whether we'll be seeing a kid you know so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um so um Loki as well as both a child and Lady versions versions versions versions versions versions versions versions of loci or straight out of you know uh um I mean you know know know know know know know know well um the comics. In fact, he's changed his form quite a few times times times times times times times times after being brought so uh well I mean so like like back to them dead. Dead dead dead dead dead dead dead. And it looks like we're getting at least two versions okay like um you know uh um um um um um um um um you know so will be fun to see what else we might see in the upcoming upcoming upcoming upcoming upcoming upcoming upcoming upcoming loki. I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean um um well I mean so uh. Are you are are are are are are are are you are you are you are you are you are you are you excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited about the upcoming series? Let us know what you'd like to see see see see see see see see um you know well okay well you know I mean in the comments and be be be be be be be be sure to hit that like button and subscribe for your well you know so so so so so so so so um uh I mean like daily dose of Marvel for more in-depth conversations head over over over over over over over over to Marvel movie news. So okay um well I mean okay uh. Thursday's 1 p.m. Pm pm pm pm pm pm pm. Right here on the popcorn talk and if you'd like to like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean well I mean keep up with my ever-growing Marvel Obsession, you can follow me on Twitter and Instagram @ Z.