Hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's up, guys? The Pusher here. And if you haven't heard about like I I I I I I I I mean okay okay so like um the anchor app, let me explain a few few few few few few few few things because it's the easiest uh okay okay okay you know so um way way way way way way way way to make a podcast. That's exactly what we do here at running wild podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. I mean you know like uh you know okay so. We use anchor for many many many many many many many many reasons. The first the first the first the first the first the first the the the the the the the the first the first reason is is that it's free. Uh well um like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh so. That's correct. You don't have to pay a single dime to make make make make make make make make your own podcast. I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean so um so so you know okay. Also, there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's creation tools that allow you to to record and edit your podcast right like so um um um um um um um um um like well I mean from your phone your computer or even your iPad anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor will distribute your podcast for like okay you know uh uh well so you. You you you you you you you. So you don't have to worry about it. It can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcast like I mean um well um like well and many more platforms. You can also also also also also also also also make money from your podcast and everybody loves well um like uh like um you you you you you you you you know making more money. So go download the free anchor app or go to like like like like like like like like like I mean um okay so uh Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's a and CH o r dot FBI.