What's up, y'all? Just wanted just wanted just wanted just wanted just wanted just just just just just just just just wanted just wanted just wanted to take a minute and say if you've ever considered considered considered considered considered considered considered considered starting um you know I mean um okay so okay a podcast now now now now now now now now is definitely the time anchor is definitely the place I can't so you you you you you you you you know okay I mean okay okay well tell you how easy it was for for for for for for for for me to start my podcast and get it so um you know well okay well well well well well well well well okay up and running. Thanks to thanks to thanks to thanks to thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks to thanks to thanks to thanks to Anchor with a couple clicks of the the the the the the the the button. I had my I mean you know okay I mean well well like like like like like like like like podcast out ready to go on Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms okay like like like like like like like like I mean okay so you know so again. It was it was it was it it it it it it it it was it was it was it was it was so easy. I can do it from from from from from from from from my phone from my like okay okay you know I mean uh uh computer. It It It It It It It It doesn't really matter. Whatever. Why I want to do I can do okay you you you you you you you you know I mean you know like well you know it. It's free absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely free and they help you with sponsorships. They helped me I mean um so so so so so so so so okay uh so so with so much. They literally they literally they literally literally literally literally literally literally literally literally they literally they literally they literally they literally they literally do it. All I can't think think think think think think think think of a well um um like so uh okay better place to start a podcast for a a a a a a a a beginner for a pro. It doesn't matter um like like so well you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean again. So download the free app today or go to Anchor dot. F F F F F F F F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- uh you know uh uh well well well well well well well well well I mean to get started again download the app today. It's free, or you you you you you you you you can go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. So let's jump back into the podcast.