Feels like feels like feels like feels like feels like feels like feels like feels feels feels feels feels feels feels feels like Back to the Future 2, but this isn't an alternate 1985. I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well you know like like well. This is just March. This is is is is is is is is March. This is this is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this is this is stopped episode 4 and like we have um well you know know know know know know know know okay okay okay um described in the last couple of episodes. We have we have have have have have have have have we have we have we have we have we have we have a very high high high high high high high high bar on the show. Uh you know like like so like uh. And this is is is is is is is is the first show that we are doing in the greatest month that well um um um um um um um um uh I mean I mean uh so we have on the calendar and as as as as as as as as I've always stated it is the goal uh um I mean like you you you you you you you you know so uh of this show to give the college basketball fan the best coverage coverage coverage coverage coverage coverage coverage coverage that he or like like I mean so so um uh she can can can can can can can can get on a regular basis and you think about the idea of like like like like like like like like uh like so well like like transcending a space and you think about the great great great great great great great great speeches that we have had in uh you know so like like okay so our great great great great great great great great country. History President Kennedy being sworn into office some of okay um so so so so so so so so like like you know I mean the great words of dr. Martin Luther King during during during during during during during during his memorable life and that uh okay well okay I mean so like brought me me me me me me me me on the ride over to the studio today to some thoughts of so so so so so so so so you know uh well okay you know like one of Al Pacino's most underrated performances the speech that he made at a.