Wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from well from well from well from from from from from from from from well from well from well from well from hard work grows over time Proverbs you know know know know know know know know you know um I mean well uh well 13 11. I read I read read read read read read read read I read I read I read I read I read I read a story recently recently recently recently recently recently recently recently about a 24 year old who went I mean uh you know like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um um to visit a financial planner the financial planner asked to see see see see see see see see her spending habits the you know um well like so uh uh author of the the the the the the the the article shared that through to over the phone sessions in a couple of I mean so so so so so so so so I mean like okay like okay weeks of financial reflection. She found that she didn't have have have have have have have have to give up things. She uh well I mean so so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean really loved to save money that realization helped her get past Financial anxiety and helped helped helped helped helped helped helped helped so well like okay I mean so okay her to make productive spending cuts cuts cuts cuts cuts cuts cuts cuts during the sessions. Which each lasted about an hour uh well so uh well well well well well well well well uh I mean they discussed her background shared screens to look at a monthly monthly monthly monthly monthly monthly monthly monthly credit card statement and uh so so okay uh um I mean addressed goals for for for for for for for for the week. The financial accountability was intended to help her prepare and uh you know know know know know know know know uh uh um um you know save for the future. It's encouraging to know that the the the the the the the the Bible is um you know okay so like so okay full of wise advice on on on on on on on on how to handle and how to view Money In fact so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well well you know I mean money is mentioned hundreds of times in the the the the the the the the Bible including the verse from Proverbs you know okay like uh you know like like like like like like like like um we heard today. Let's hear it again wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Disappears disappears disappears disappears disappears disappears disappears. Well from well from well from well from well from well from well from well from hard work grows over time. It's also important to remember.