Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and and and and and and and and hello and welcome to Fitness unfiltered episode 64. So this is our first in a a a a a a a a okay I mean I mean um like you know uh couple of weeks due due due due due due due due to some scary scheduling issues. For those of you that so you know okay I I I I I I I I mean you know okay well did notice they be a large percentage of you you you you you you you you that didn't notice but we did promise um you know uh okay I mean um um um um um um um um uh that it would be worth the wait. So before we get into into into into into into into into it is only right like like so so um so okay to acknowledge that that that that that that that that I'm also joined by Emma and Mike as always so you know like um you know know know know know know know know you know I mean so M. How are you I'm fine. Excellent and Mike, how how how how how how how how are you? I am so you know so so I mean okay so also also also also also also also also fine. Okay, so okay, so okay, so okay, so okay, so okay, so okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, so okay, so statements of I'm fine pretty much make sure um um okay um um um um um um um um so okay you know the world goes around I think so. We are we are we we we we we we we we are we are we are we are we are we are actually joined by another another another another another another another another and we are well uh uh so I mean you know okay honored and excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited to be joined by Doctor David. Robert Grimes who is a physicist okay uh okay you you you you you you you you know so you know well cancer researcher award-winning science writer and author of a a a a a a a a best-seller, which I'm not just like um well you know like okay so saying this this this this this this this this because he's they're here. I did actually say it to Mike off air I I I I I I I I mean well you know okay you know well well as well. It is one of my favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite reads of 2019. And the irrational type which we all are irrational apes are times I think so.