Before we before we before we before we before we before we before we before before before before before before before before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys I mean like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean okay uh quickly about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all all all all all all all all of your favorite artists uh you know well like well okay so and podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium well like like like like like like like like like like well I mean uh account and that is great because let's face it. It it it it it it it. We are all trying to uh um um I mean uh okay I mean save save save save save save save save a little bit these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So So So So So So So So like okay uh uh well um I mean you never miss an episode you you you you you you you you can share whatever you're listening to with your so I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well friends on Instagram and premium users can even download episodes to to to to to to to to listen to offline wherever and whenever um okay I mean well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay you are if you're like me, you probably have too many. The apps downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded already but well well I mean uh you know I mean okay this one is actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually useful. So if you haven't done so already download the I mean uh well well well well well well well well you know I mean I mean so Spotify app search for your favorite podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts in the like so well you know like um um um um um um um um um you are Library tab. Also, make sure to follow us on there. So you you you you you you you you never you know like you know uh so like well miss an episode of of of of of of of of optimal living advice. That being said, let's get into today's episode. Okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so well. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode 45 of optimal living advice the the the the the the the the podcast where we you know well well I mean okay you know well take any any any any any any any any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.