Hey Tim hey Tim hey Tim hey Tim hey Tim hey Tim hey Tim hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey Tim here from the Sun solar panel podcast. If you haven't heard about anchor like like like like like like like like I mean like so like I mean uh get it is the easiest way way way way way way way way to make a podcast. I want to so you know I mean I mean um um um um um um um um well like explain. It's actually where we host our podcast at for one. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's free. There's a well like okay so um well like creation tool that allows you you you you you you you you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone well like you know know know know know know know know like you know um you know or your computer if that's how you want to do do do do do do do do it. That's uh you know I mean okay well well uh not how how how how how how how how we do it. But I suppose you could anchor will distribute your well um like so so so so so so so so okay okay well podcast for you. So it can be heard everywhere. That's Spotify. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's Apple podcast Stitcher so uh well so um like you know many many many many many many many many many more and you can make money. From your podcast with no minimum so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like so I mean okay listenership. It's everything you need to make a a a a a a a a podcast and one place. So go ahead well um I mean so I mean you know know know know know know know know uh and download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- to okay so uh you know um well uh get started. And now for the the the the the the the the sun solar panel podcast. Hey, it's a spool back you know well so you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so to tell you about our friends at Spotify. That's right, you know Spotify for music, music, music, music, music, music, music, music, like okay um um well like uh but now guess what you can find all your your your your your your your your favorite podcast there as well. You know, you know, you know, you you you you you you you you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, I love listening to my music. I love listen to my.