Hello Madge fans and welcome to Mage the podcast the podcast that works hard towards ascension. Ascension ascension ascension ascension ascension ascension ascension. Like so like so like so like so like so like so like like like like like like like like so like so uh well um uh I mean. So you don't have to to to to to to to to I'm your host Adam Simpson and I am joined uh you know like well well well well well well well well well so like by terrie Robinson. And today and today and today and today today today today today today today today and today and today and today and today we are going to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about the dream so so like so you know you know you know speakers speakers speakers speakers speakers speakers speakers speakers in another episode of tomes of magic. But before we do, I thought it uh so um um um um um um um um like so I mean um might be nice to cover some announcements and also Terry how how how how how how how how you doing. So well so uh okay I mean you know. I I I I I I I I am I am I am I am I am I am I am I am am am am am am am am doing fine. I was I was I was I was I was I was I was I I I I I I I I was on the Midnight Express podcast to talk about so um like so so so so so so so so um like um the woo Kang now we talked for almost two two two two two two two two and a A half okay you know so you know I mean like so so so so so so so so hours just about the Wu-Tang because B ches discussion of the Hem Caso back where where where where where where where where they you know uh well okay uh okay um take it where he takes 18 pages pages pages pages pages pages pages pages of material and talks about that for uh well you know I mean okay you you you you you you you you know okay two hours wasn't quite enough but the key mistake I made was was was was was was was was I forgot that Australian well uh um uh okay well like summer time and North American American American American American American American American summer time do not occur at the same well so okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh time. So I'm like, let's figure out a time to record what will will will will will will will will be like so so like so like you know good and I'm like 9:00 9:00 9:00 9:00 9:00 9:00 9:00 9:00 p.m. Your time your time your time your time your time your time your time time time time time time time time your time sounds good and I work backwards okay um so uh um um um um um um um um okay I mean and like I can wake up at that point you're in this portion is bloody. But and then only later did I find out that.