Hey everyone, welcome to the urban robot cat podcast. I'm your host Travis you you you you you you you you know I mean um well so well um Likens. I'm Chris rwk. I'm Corey from from from from from from from from strange cat toys. We're here we're here we're here we're here we're here we're here we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're here we're here for episode 16. I mean you know um so you know you you you you you you you you know um. But first but first but first but first but first but first but but but but but but but but first but first we want to say thank you to our sponsors first up up up up up up up up sticker fide. Uh okay like you know so you know uh. They made a a a a a a a a wonderful Circle for us and they want to do the same um well um um um um um um um um um okay so uh for you. So if so if so if so if so if if if if if if if if so if so if so if you want to check them out, make sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure to head I mean okay um um so I mean you know over to to to to to to to to sticker fide.com. Also, no also, no also, no also, no also, no also, no no no no no no no no also, no also, no love City the love City where you get um um I I I I I I I I mean okay so um okay the urban robot cat t-shirt. And if you use the code code code code code code code code Urban robot cat um you know uh um you know um I mean at checkout, you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll receive 10% off your order. That is no love city.com. And then also uh like like like like like like like like uh um um I mean okay SD prints there are screen printing company that can can can can can can can can make you some wonderful products um you know you know you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um for your booth tables website, whatever you got they can make a product for for for for for for for for well I mean well like okay you know well you. You can check them them them them them them them them out at SD screen printing dotnet. So episode 16. What do you been up to Chris? And I think we should hit it with a.