Hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi everyone, hi everyone, this is Karen. And I'm and I'm and I'm and and and and and and and and I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm yes V and we are are are are are are are are bad and Bollywood um okay like uh okay um uh and I'm deep red neurons and and and and and and and and well, where did he come from? It's a um well I mean you know know know know know know know know uh you know so crossover episode. Yeah, it's a crossover episode for a very important important important important important important important important reason. Yeah, we've yeah, we've yeah, we've yeah, we've yeah, we've yeah, we've yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, we've yeah, we've all like okay uh well well um um gathered here today to to to to to to to to have an orgy. That's basically your mother listen to our podcast to okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know you know so uh no no. Oh, yeah. Okay, that's good. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's good. That's good. So we're here you know you know okay um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay okay to talk about atrás the movie but before we get into into into into into into into into Addresses when I get this so well well um okay okay uh out out out out out out out out of the way a quick plug or big plug we are now on okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so well well like like okay the YouTubes. We're on the YouTubes and we we we we we we we we want you to like share subscribe follow well well so so so you know know know know know know know know um retweet. Yeah. So we so we put up the Kahuna per episode, which which which which which which which which is so like okay like um okay I mean one of my personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal favorites and we would like to hear from you guys. What you what you what what what what what what what what you what you what you what you what you what you know okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay you know I mean like do you want us to put up next? I just shit on us in the comment section. That's.