What's up, guys? My name is Charles. I'm one of the interns here at at at at at at at at like well well so like like so College Christian church for the college age. Age age age age age age age. And today we are talking about you know like you know so so you you you you you you you you know okay emotions or loneliness in our emotions podcast, and I'm joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined by Taylor Powell Taylor. How you know you know well I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you doing? Girl? I'm doing so good. Good. We're so happy to have you um um um um um um um um okay you know well um so I mean here. Taylor is taylor is taylor is taylor taylor taylor taylor taylor taylor taylor taylor is taylor is taylor is taylor is taylor is going to walk us us us us us us us us through her journey with loneliness. Enos as our well okay well well uh uh you you you you you you you you know theme for today's podcast with Taylor, where do you think that journey of loneliness loneliness loneliness loneliness loneliness loneliness loneliness loneliness uh um well like well you know you know started with you? It It It It It It It It started in high school. I could see it sprouting, well okay okay I mean you know know know know know know know know so okay but I had a good Community there, but it really started to take so so so so so so so so um okay you know like so you know effect my first year in college college college college college college college college definitely hundred percent and what ways do you so I mean like so um like like like like like like like like I mean think like a kind of came about in college? Well, I well, I I I I I I I I well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I came to Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri I mean well well you know I mean so well Southern I go go go go go go go go to Missouri Southern but I came there knowing maybe two people mostly the one was my brother, but I didn't really know a lot of.