Hey everyone, welcome back to the latest episode of survive. HR. My name is is is is is is is is Kelly okay um well so you know uh so Scheib. For those of you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys that are first-time listeners. I'm here joined by my okay I mean you know know know know know know know know I mean you know like well co-host Steve now we are so we had had had had had had had had a plan for today and well uh well um um well I mean as as as as as as as as is typical with my life, we change the plan because there's this little known so so so so so so so so so um like so so okay virus out there that's causing a lot of noise noise noise noise noise noise noise noise and we thought it was incredibly relevant to well well like um okay um um um um um um um um you know have a podcast on that topic today if it weren't you you you you you you you you just in, california. So uh you know I mean you know um I mean. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I was and I'm isn't isn't that where the clock is Coronavirus is uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like so like um I mean originated. I think I think I think I I I I I I I I think I think I think I think I think that we need no no no no no no no no well, like have you been watching so okay I mean I mean okay so you you you you you you you you know United States? I think you weren't tested when you came back. Nobody's looked looked looked looked looked looked looked looked well so so so okay I mean well at you they haven't even taken taken taken taken taken taken taken taken taking my temperature. All right. Well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm glad like okay well like I mean well well well well well well well well like we've got the experts we have here today to talk to us. So today today today today today today today today we so well uh um um like you know are joined by dr. Patel. Yes from proactive MZ huge supporter of proactive and D. So I'm excited that.