Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello and welcome to handle eyes this. I am one of to Hannah's uh like okay well well well well well well well well you know I mean you know Hannah Hart. And today I am joined by extremely extremely extremely extremely extremely extremely extremely extremely special guest Kevin McHale and you know like you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh you know Jenna ushkowitz you might remember them from a little show called Glee Glee Glee Glee Glee Glee Glee Glee or so you know I mean okay well uh well from their current phenomenal phenomenal phenomenal phenomenal phenomenal phenomenal phenomenal phenomenal hit podcast showmance. We are going to be so uh so uh you know know know know know know know know like um talking about being in our 30s or newly 30 learning how how how how how how how how to say no and uh uh so you know um um okay hell, maybe we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll talk about cupping enjoy you guys. I don't know. Oh why oh why oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh why oh why oh why oh why oh why oh why I mean like like like like like like like like like well I mean so you know I feel like nervous today, but I I I I I I I I feel nervous today, which I really yeah II don't know well uh so okay okay well well well well well well well well okay why I really don't know why listeners and earbuds what you weren't privy privy privy privy privy privy privy privy to like okay I mean uh okay well uh prior to this was my frenetic frenetic frenetic frenetic frenetic frenetic frenetic frenetic trying to get ready Jenna and Kevin have been here you know uh so so so so so so so so you know you know you know so for 30 minutes. I said to all of this this this this this this this this morning. I was like, oh okay so okay so um uh like I've just got to to to to to to to to make sure the podcast is set. There's nothing uh so okay like like um um um um um um um um well I hate more than when you show up to somebody's thing and they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're not ready for you. Yes, okay, but in theory the no you're right. It's there.