Skinwalker radio is brought to you by anchor if you've ever thought about starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting okay well I mean you know I mean I mean um your own podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, but you're not really sure how to get started. We'll anchor is okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean um um well the way to do it. That's actually that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's actually that's actually that's actually that's actually that's actually that's actually that's actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually what we use to host this podcast. Well I mean you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so. So if you listen to Skinwalker radio that was made on anchor we we we we we we we we just download um okay like like um um like our audio upload it into anchor and and and and and and and and anchor does the rest you just hit go and okay I mean so um well well well well well well well well uh I mean anchor publishes it to nine different places such as Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple iTunes Google Stitcher all I mean uh so uh you know so like those places of people people people people people people people people download podcasts and it's easy and best of All it's okay so like well well well well well well well well uh you know I mean free. So go to Anchor dot f m or or or or or or or or download the mobile app on I mean like uh okay uh you know uh your phone today. Today today today today today today today. Thanks for tuning back into Skinwalker radio. We appreciate each and okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay uh um every one of you guys listening to the show. We We We We We We We We couldn't we couldn't we couldn't we couldn't we couldn't we couldn't we couldn't we couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't do this without you. So well I mean um well okay so like be be be be be be be be sure at the end of the show to leave a review join the the the the the the the the Facebook okay uh I mean so um uh so group follow us on social social social social social social social social media. I'll have all the pertinent Links at uh like okay you know you you you you you you you you know okay uh the bottom. So today's episode is all about the coronavirus. But But But But But But But But before but before but before but before but before but before but before but before I get to the details of the coronavirus, I have.