I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV um well well well well well well well well I mean you know okay I mean you know talk now. It was the buzz. Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi everyone. Welcome to the Riverdale after show. What a what a what a what a a a a a a a a what a what a what a what a so well so well um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh crazy episode that is what are some good stuff to talk about tonight. And And And And And And And And so well like so like so I mean well far first off we're gonna go go go go go go go go with like just this whole jugged 30 drama um uh um um um like I I I I I I I I mean mystery. There's so much going on. It's Tony's are up to their normal Shenanigans Shenanigans Shenanigans Shenanigans Shenanigans Shenanigans Shenanigans Shenanigans okay like I mean uh um well like and then I'm gonna tie up some some some some some some some some of the other little things at uh um like okay I mean um I I I I I I I I mean the end and then of course at the end. And we'll be doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing our class clown I mean um uh like so okay okay class president. So if if if if if if if if you guys have a class clown class present for you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know well you know so I mean this episode, please start sending them them them them them them them them in in the live chat. I am katie. Um okay like so well you know I I I I I I I I mean. I am I am I am I am I am I am I am am am am am am am am I am flying solo tonight everyone. So please join me in the chat if so well well well well well well well well um uh you know well you know you have some thoughts so that I I I I I I I I can also cut you as you guys as um you know I mean so so so so so so so so you know okay you know my co-host because I will be relying on you you you you you you you you greatly tonight. So first off what uh uh you know you know uh like like like like like like like like okay a way to start this episode in the sense that we didn't have Jughead narrating it and that really.