Welcome to level out with Cheryl and Danny way he to help you take take take take take take take take your health um um like uh um um so Fitness and wants it it it it it it it it to the next level. It's time it's time it's time it's time it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's time it's time it's time it's time to level up. Hello I mean you know I I I I I I I I mean well uh well you know and welcome to episode 14 of level up with with with with with with with with Cheryl and Danny today's uh uh I mean um I mean I I I I I I I I mean so episode is called movement is medicine. I just rolls off the tongue doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't well um okay like you know you know I mean it? Does it I think think think think think think think think it's what we've been saying for the last few um so like okay like like like like like like like like so okay weeks. I feel like we've been saying movement is medicine. It's cool to to to to to to to to see everyone um so I mean well um I mean you know sharing the arm arm arm arm arm arm arm arm the post that we put on the Instagram page as well. Absolutely. I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know um like. It's about yes branding that positive message and helping helping helping helping helping helping helping helping everyone feel good. And we're and we're and we're and we're and we're and we're and and and and and and and and we're and we're like you know okay like so I mean like here to really really really really really really really really talk about something that I'm super passionate about and I know you are like like like like like like like like uh like you know okay so uh too. SLI everyday sLI everyday sLI everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday sLI everyday sLI everyday sLI everyday sLI everyday sLI everyday your training working hard and and and and and and and and all of that. I work I work I work I work I work I work work work work work work work work I work I work as um I mean so you know well so so so so so so so so okay an osteopath. So this is really our bread and butter, isn't it? Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, it's well you know so well like so well your bread and butter, but but but but but but but but I'm here for the ride as well. Fantastic. You're um you know you know know know know know know know know like um like okay always welcome to come to the light. So today we've set it up as a Q&A style. We really.