Welcome into the double dribble podcast as always. My name's Jordan Harper and and and and and and and and join so you know um okay uh I mean well with me as Matthew Landry who who who who who who who who seemingly always comes in on after uh um like you know like you know know know know know know know know so an Alabama win and seems to duck out on me when Alabama loses loses loses loses loses loses loses loses so you know well well so I mean okay I mean glad to to to to to to to to have you back here Matt. How are you doing? Yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's good you know uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean um like to be here good to get a win so I I I I I I I I can actually uh I mean okay like so like like record today. Today today today today today today today. So it's pretty good pretty good. Yeah, I'm yeah, I'm yeah, I'm yeah, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm yeah, I'm yeah, I'm yeah, I'm yeah, I'm glad to have you here here here here here here here here um um uh I mean you know well okay too. It gets lonely lonely lonely lonely lonely lonely lonely lonely sometimes but especially after losses. But today we're glad to be uh um um um um um um um um okay uh well so you know joined by Blake level who's the host of walked walked walked walked walked walked walked walked on a sec podcast. Okay like okay like okay like okay like okay like okay like like like like like like like like okay like okay like okay I mean I mean like like. You can can can can can can can can follow him on Twitter at Blake level and he he's someone that like um you you you you you you you you know well like okay like is Alabama fan by day Auburn fan by night and it's very very very very very very very very popular um I mean like um uh well uh within the SEC basketball community and does does does does does does does does a great job of covering SEC basketball and I uh um so um like like like like like like like like like I mean mean without further Ado. How are how are how are how are how are are are are are are are are how are how are how are you doing boy? Well, it's funny you you you you you you you you guys. You know I mean I mean um um uh I mean. Talking about about about about about about about about getting the record after a win. What about me? I've got I've got I've got I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've got I've got I've got I've got I've got a record after a loss here. So I mean, you know, right I.