Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen to all well well I mean so like um uh of our favorite artists artists artists artists artists artists artists artists and podcasts in one place for free without a premium account I mean you know know know know know know know know okay um you know I mean well Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts on every imaginable topic plus you can follow well so well like you know know know know know know know know so so your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can can can can can can can can download episodes well I mean like uh um okay I mean to listen to offline offline offline offline offline offline offline offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're listening to with I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay okay I mean okay um like your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't done so already Ready, be sure to uh like you know like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify or browse browse browse browse browse browse browse browse podcasts in I mean so I mean well um like okay the your library tab. Tab tab tab tab tab tab tab. Also, make also, make also, make also, make also, make also, make also, make also, also, also, also, also, also, also, also, make sure to follow me. So you never miss so so I mean so I I I I I I I I mean uh so an episode of Optimal Health daily. This is this is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is this is this is Optimal Health Health Health Health Health Health Health Health daily episode 948 the benefits uh I mean you know I mean okay uh I mean of of of of of of of of sleep for weight loss and other fitness goals by Rachel Trotta of Rachel so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh like uh I mean Trotta.com. And I'm your host and narrator. Dr. Neil. Hey, they're happy middle of the week Wednesday and welcome back to Optimal.