If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me me me me me me me me let me let me let me let me let me let me let me me me me me me me me well okay okay okay you know okay like explain it's free. There's a a a a a a a a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a a a a a a a a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your like well um um um um um um um um uh like I mean you know podcast right from your phone or computer and covid covid covid covid covid covid covid covid distribute your podcast for you. Uh you know I mean okay um well you know. So So So So So So So So it so it so it so it so it so it so it so so so so so so so so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make make make make make make make make you know you know well okay like um I mean money from your your your your your your your your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need to you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh you know so so uh make podcasts in one place download the free free free free free free free free ankle up or good Echo um okay like well um so I mean the FM to to to to to to to to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk. I'm so so so so so so so so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited okay like uh okay well uh um about talking to you about money, but not not not not not not not not just money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Uh uh okay I mean well you you you you you you you you know uh. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just about how how how how how how how how much so you know you know okay um um well money you have in in in in in in in in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in uh um well um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.