Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm host host host host host host host host you know like well I mean um okay okay Simon Whistler. This is the audio audio audio audio audio audio audio audio version of our video show on YouTube. If so like um so um so so so so so so so so well you want to go look it up there and see the video version version version version version version version version of you know okay you know um I mean I mean uh these you can can can can can can can can do that. If you're enjoying this show. Please do head over okay so like I I I I I I I I mean well well well to Apple podcasts or ever you get your podcasts and leave us a a a a a a a a review. Well uh uh I mean okay like okay. It would be kind of you you you you you you you you and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler well so um so you you you you you you you you know uh so you're watching top 10s. And in and in and in and in in in in in in in in and in and in and in and in the video today, we're looking at at at at at at at at the top 10 you know so like like I mean so um horrifying horrifying horrifying horrifying horrifying horrifying horrifying horrifying facts about the American Mafia. Number 10 number 10 number 10 number 10 number 10 number number number number number number number number 10 number 10 number 10 more than the mafia in America organized um I I I I I I I I mean so uh okay okay uh crime has become almost synonymous with the mafia. Thanks to to to to to to to to a combination of Pop Culture well you know so uh like so well a a a a a a a a few standout celebrity criminals and ethnic stereotyping. Although these although these although these although these although although although although although although although although these although these although these although these Sicilian derived Mafia May comprise so well well well well well well well well well uh so uh um the best known organized crime groups in the United States. They They They They They They They They are far okay you know okay um like well I mean from the only game game game game game game game game in town during the glory years of Mafia activity a hybrid Italian Jewish Coalition known as Murder Inc operated a lucrative contract.