Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out out out out out out out out well um like uh uh okay um if you want to stay spoiler-free on on on on on on on on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported that uh okay well um so so so so so so so so well you know Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production production production production production production production production crew Link I mean well um uh so I mean um in the description description description description description description description description and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated so okay uh well well well well well well well well okay I mean uh that Maddie was certainly going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that that that that that that that that theory is officially so so you know I mean well so I mean dead because Claire Claire Claire Claire Claire Claire Claire Claire Crawley was announced as next season's leading woman. So let me get I mean I I I I I I I I mean I mean uh well so so this straight. Maddie was maddie was maddie was maddie was was was was was was was was maddie was maddie was maddie was maddie was filming something weeks after production wrapped, wrapped, wrapped, wrapped, wrapped, wrapped, wrapped, wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so uh I mean uh um uh you know like she she she she she she she she has to be the winner of this season, right? Is there any other reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason I mean I mean so like I mean uh like Maddie would have been filming this this this this this this this this is unconfirmed. But as of right now I see no well so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like um so other explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let me know your your your your your your your your thoughts down um um I mean like so like okay in the comments below. Below below below below below below below. That's all I've got for today on Bachelor News daily. So so I mean like well well well well well well well well so well. But if but if but if but if but if but if if if if if if if if but if but if you're new to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep dive uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like like uh I mean on her earlier today. So check so so so so so so so so check so check so check so check so check so check so check that out out out out out out out out on this channel and make sure you okay you know okay like okay um um um um um um um um uh check out our Bachelor after show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific Pacific Pacific Pacific Pacific Pacific Pacific Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.