And we are back good morning for another episode of the Michael and Channing Channing Channing Channing Channing Channing Channing Channing show. Um uh uh I mean uh um you know. So I had a thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought Jenny. Okay. My thought was I'm here. Maybe it's I mean so like like so well well well well well well well well well just beginner podcaster faux pas. But what about all the people who aren't like like like like like like like like so so well you know you know um listening in the morning? Good night for for for for for for for for another episode of the my coolant shitty show um um like okay so so so so so so so so I mean um of that. Does it does it does it does it does it it it it it it it it does it does it does it - no Jay, whatever time of day that you you you you you you you you are listening to like okay well so okay well well our little podcast. We We We We We We We We say we say we say we say we say we say we say we we we we we we we we say thanks for coming back Corey. Thanks for listening for the okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like okay well um first time. We're really we're really we're really we're really really really really really really really really we're really we're really we're really we're really glad you're nice to meet you how it it it it it it it it look like um I mean um well okay you know you know you hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit play Hey for all of you that haven't done this already. We'd well okay like like like like like like like like so well um um love for you to subscribe and give us five stars. That'll That'll That'll That'll That'll That'll That'll That'll help. Bus out you so uh um you know like so okay can do that that that that that that that that wherever you're listening this morning, you can follow us on well uh um so so so so so so so so okay you know you know Instagram. We've got a Facebook group for you as well well well well well well well well to engage with us and a fan favorite. We want we want we want we want we want we want we want we want you to head on.