Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want want want want want want want want to well like okay so well so you know thank you for your support support support support support support support support and listening to each episode and I hope uh I mean you know know know know know know know know well okay um like you enjoy this one. If you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor its easiest way to so I mean I mean okay well okay so make make make make make make make make podcast. It's totally free that's creation tools that allow you to record and I mean so so so so so so so so I mean you know um uh you know edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you know okay um um like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you. So you so you so you so you so you so you so so so so so so so so you so you can be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google podcast and and and and and and and and you know so um like like I mean like many more you can can can can can can can can also make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to um well okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like like make a successful podcast download the free. God will go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor FM to get like so well uh you know you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh started. Hey, what's up guys today? We have what is perhaps the oldest question like um um um um um um um um uh I mean I mean uh um in the book one that mankind has has has has has has has has been asking itself since the beginning of uh like you know you know well well well well well well well well well I mean recorded history and one that I think every single human being comes face-to-face face-to-face face-to-face face-to-face face-to-face face-to-face face-to-face face-to-face with I mean so um well uh you know I mean individually at some time in their life, and that is why do bad things happen. To good people.