You're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're listening to the language assistance podcast brought to you by the British Council well well well well well well well well so like um well I mean like for more information about the British Council or or or or or or or or the language assistance program, please I mean uh uh okay like uh you know visit visit visit visit visit visit visit visit British Council dot-org. Hello, my name is Finola and welcome to the language language language language language language language language okay okay you know so I mean well you know assistance podcast this this this this this this this this episode. We'll explore gender equality and balance in regards to our program you know know know know know know know know so so um you know so well and Beyond today. I'm joined I'm joined I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined by Kina Anna and and and and and and and and Dahlia who are all British Council okay you know you know okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay colleagues from different teams programs and countries, although from different departments. We We We We We We We We are all you know I mean like um you know I mean uh linked to the the the the the the the the language assistance program through previously taking part as an assistant or um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know uh okay well currently working on the team. So to start with can can can can can can can can you all introduce yourselves where your like you know I mean like okay you know know know know know know know know you know base and what team you are in? Stop with you Tina. Hey there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, I'm kina. So okay uh like I mean like um. I'm based I'm based I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm based I'm based I'm based I'm based I'm based I'm based in London and I work on the language assistance team. And I was a previous.