Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know that that that that that that that that well um uh so okay I mean well our podcast is supported by anchor. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's right. If you if you if you if you if you if you if you if if if if if if if if you haven't heard about anchor well um so I mean like like well it's the easiest way way way way way way way way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation there's creation there's creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation I mean uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh well uh okay tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone like uh I mean okay so so um or computer. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm doing this ad from my phone as we speak. Anchor Wilkins anchor Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins anchor Wilkins anchor Wilkins anchor Wilkins anchor Wilkins anchor Wilkins anchor Wilkins you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean so well will distribute. Sorry your podcast for you. So it it it it it it it it so it so it so it so it so it so it so it can be be be be be be be be heard on okay like well so uh um so Spotify Apple podcasts and and and and and and and and many more you can make money from your podcast with no uh like so like like like like like like like like so okay like minimum minimum listenership. Evidently, I can't talk. It's everything you need to make podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast I mean like uh so um um like in one place download the free anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- you know um so so so so so so so so so so okay okay to get started now back to the show. Wash up Walk-Ons episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode number 95 coming um I mean so you know I mean well well at you. We're hitting hitting hitting hitting hitting hitting hitting hitting we're hitting we're hitting we're hitting we're hitting we're hitting we're hitting we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're hitting you with a combine recap talking about how our so uh well I I I I I I I I mean so um okay boys the Hawks of this year did in Indianapolis what what what what what what what what it means I mean like so like well like you know for their draft stock what the combine tests actually mean how much weight they actually.