I might still be using Photoshop to this day. If it if it if it it it it it it it it if it if it if it if it if it wasn't for the fact fact fact fact fact fact fact fact I mean um well you know like okay you know that someone created pics insight and I happen happen happen happen happen happen happen happen to work hard to learn it I mean well um okay so you know know know know know know know know like and actually really fell in love with it. A lot of them are just okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so I mean so okay you know really fantastic. If you if you you you you you you you you if you if you if you if you if you if you think about how how how how how how how how far things have come for us to be you know okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh okay doing this in our backyards basically and taking images that that that that that that that that were once in the realm like you know I mean okay so so um um um um um um um um of of professional observatories is just mind-boggling I think. Please welcome everybody Sean Nielsen uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um okay okay like I mean to our podcast. He is an astro astro astro astro astro astro astro astro photographer from Ontario Canada and he runs you know uh um so you you you you you you you you know you know I mean a website visible dark dot CA and he also also also also also also also also has a YouTube channel you know um okay well okay I mean well visible visible visible visible visible visible visible visible dark Astro. He is a big user of picks in sight. So let's well you know know know know know know know know like like um okay like get started. Hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone and welcome to space junk a weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly podcast dedicated to the you know I mean like uh so okay um amazing hobby hobby hobby hobby hobby hobby hobby hobby of amateur astronomy each week. We'll bring we'll bring we'll bring we'll bring we'll bring bring bring bring bring bring bring bring we'll bring we'll bring we'll bring you interesting and fun discussions with an eye towards providing. You with the latest information and advice.