What's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, what's up, and welcome to difficulty class of podcast about all things Dungeons and and and and and and and and Dragons. I'm I mean I mean like you know okay um um one one one one one one one one of your hosts riverbed us with me. This week is a lie okay well um so um um um um um um um um so uh - man. That's right. And this week we are going to be talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking okay you know you know uh well like I mean about creating character hooks as well well well well well well well well as connecting campaigns and then we're not answering so well I mean well I I I I I I I I mean um uh lesser questions again because we don't have any because we've been been been been been been been been selected for any uh like um you know like well I mean of them. Them them them them them them them. So send so send so send so send so send so send so so so so so so so so send so send those into difficulty plus gmail.com. We'll do it next time but okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know I mean well so so before all that Ali are are are are are are are are you games this week? So since the first time so I mean you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh I mean since we started playing doing this podcast, I didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't play D&D this week. I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been been been been been been been been I've been I've been I've been so like okay like um um I mean there. There there there there there there there. Yeah. Yeah, you haven't been there. Yes. I didn't get to play. I I I I I I I I uh so um well uh uh so played a lot of blood-borne and Minecraft but but but but but but but but aside from that. No, not much d&d. I mean well well I mean uh you you you you you you you you know um. I mean poured Mine Craft. I mean, you know, it's good. I got a farm. No,.