People deluded I'm back again. Welcome back to the deluded podcast and I'm well well well well well well well well um okay well well uh you know happy to be doing this. I mean I mean I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean decent Spirits. If you you you you you you you you asking me why well like okay uh like well so it's a bit irrelevant irrelevant irrelevant irrelevant irrelevant irrelevant irrelevant irrelevant from the podcast but on my YouTube channel, we've hit uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay well like uh like 20,000 subscribers. So if you are a subscriber make make make make make make make make sure you know, you feel you uh well okay like like well I mean feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel like you've accomplished something with me because without you like it's impossible. So like like like like like like like like so like so like so like so like so like so like so so so so so so so so like well okay like you know um well I'd like to first and foremost foremost foremost foremost foremost foremost foremost foremost say a big thank you to look you know you know well well well well well well well well so okay well like for a line it to be possible if you haven't Started Started Started Started Started Started Started Started checking out I mean okay like um like um I mean my Ting rocking with with with with with with with with mating taking my stuff in on YouTube. Then you might as um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh uh like well start. Do I need to spell out to to to to to to to to you why you need you know well well well um like you know to start start start start start start start start listening to that YouTube content come on now but away from all of so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like I mean you know that as you look normal. I wouldn't say say say say say say say say a lots happened in football, but a well uh you know so you you you you you you you you know I mean um lot has happened. You've seen key caucus steal. The leads keep our band band band band band band band band for I mean well I mean like I mean okay like eight games and get get get get get get get get a fine. I believe due to allegedly calling Jonathan illegal Jonathan leak. Oh, sorry the n-word we're not going to get into that.