Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give you like like like like like like like like uh um uh I mean I mean so guys a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of your favorite well I mean I mean so um um um um um um um um well so artists and podcasts in one place. That's for free Hallelujah. No No No No No No No No premium no premium no premium no premium no premium no premium no premium no premium account account account account account account account account necessary Spotify uh uh so like you know I mean okay has has has has has has has has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening to so you know you know like I mean so like right now and you can can can can can can can can follow those podcast. So you never miss an so like so well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well episode you can share what you're listening to with friends on Instagram. And And And And And And And And if well okay well so like you know um you are a premium user you can can can can can can can can download episodes to listen to offline no matter where like so uh you know well well well well well well well well well like you are. So if you haven't done so already be sure to download download download download download download download download the Spotify like okay so you know uh um you know app search for for for for for for for for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts in the your library Tab I mean well so so so so so so so so like so okay uh and give us a follow. So you never miss an episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode speaking of which so um um um you know well well let's see what what what what what what what what we've got on The Ledger today. This is optimal relationships daily episode 647 okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean okay so so you know what I wish someone had told told told told told told told told me right after my breakup part 1 by Eddie korbanot of loves a game.com. Hello everybody. I am Greg.