Hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's hey, it's Tobias here. If you want to learn a little bit about my my my my my my my my firm or uh okay I mean I mean so so um see my my my my my my my my portfolio head on over to acquirers funds.com. I'm a huge fan of Dan well like like like like like like like like well so I mean um I mean Eric and Spotify we run Spotify in the the the the the the the the office all day long as you might know you know well well uh uh you know know know know know know know know you know Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're okay um you know I mean like like so listening to right now. You can can can can can can can can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen to all of your favorite artists and podcasts in one so uh um well I I I I I I I I mean like I mean place for free. You can you can you can you you you you you you you you can you can you can you can you can follow your favorite podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. So you never miss an um like well so well like I mean episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode premium users can download episodes to listen to offline wherever you are easily share what so so so so so so so so um well I mean I mean uh uh you're listening to with your friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends on Instagram. Haven't done so already be sure to well okay so you know know know know know know know know well I mean uh download the Spotify app search for the acquirers podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast on Spotify or browse podcast well okay I mean you know uh you know know know know know know know know you know in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So So So So So So So So you never miss an episode of the acquirers podcast one more time. This is Bush League. I'm Tobias Carla.