Hello, how's it going? It is it is it is it is it is it it it it it it it it is it is it is Friday, March 6th already 2020 time flies when okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay okay uh I mean I mean you're having fun. Isn't that right? right right right right right right right Having a blast here today shows a good one. Well uh um okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so. Nice Feel Good Friday to send you in the weekend and beautiful fashion. We We We We We We We We I mean uh like well okay um like have conversation with Kyle Rudolph who breaks breaks breaks breaks breaks breaks breaks breaks down. V play from the New Orleans Saints um I mean um so like well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay playoff game that you would want to hear the answer from has has has has has has has has a very good like like I mean so uh so uh answer. Also Aaron Jones in in in in in in in in the Green Bay Packers and all the other conversation that uh um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay um well you could potentially want to hear about life. We can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't thank you I mean so well so um you know okay enough for choosing to to to to to to to to listen to this show. I mean you could do a well um okay you know know know know know know know know like well you know lot of other things with your earholes right now. A A A A A A A A lot alot alot alot alot alot alot alot of the things uh you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh um okay people say you shouldn't use Q-tips and more I use use use use use use use use them. I use Q-tips all like so um like well so you know the time. I I I I I I I I love I love I love I love I love I love I love I love love love love love love love love me too. I love Q-tips to there's a war on Q-tips, by so um um um um um um um um you know well okay okay um the way, though because they you know, the the the the the the the the Hand against Q-tips is that you I mean you know okay um so well well well well well well well well okay push it in there and you burst your jump already got a burst ha ha joke's on you.