If you if you if you if you if you if you if you if if if if if if if if you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let okay I mean like I mean uh uh okay me explain it's free. There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a a a a a a a a creation tools that allow you to record and uh I mean I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid covid covid covid covid covid covid covid distribute your podcast for you. Well um like I mean um I mean like. So it it it it it it it it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can like okay like like like like like like like like okay so like um make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is is is is is is is is everything you need to make like uh I mean uh like um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo the FM to well well well well well well well well okay I mean like okay um you know get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This This This This This This This This Is wealth talk. I'm so excited about talking okay well like well well like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay to you about money, but not just money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and and and and and and and and so uh uh uh like I mean well health because I believe that wealth is not not not not not not not not just about how much money you have you know I mean um so well well well well well well well well like um in your bank account. It's about it's about it's about it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's about it's about it's about it's about it's about establishing Harmony in your personal life life life life life life life life your professional okay like so well well you know uh life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.