Three two one and stop up and step podcast. What's up friends puff stuff podcast uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so like uh um I mean like back on your listening device. We appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate you being here. We're doing this really cool um uh like uh uh okay well well well well well well well well thing right now with CBD American Shaman of PA. They want to give give give give give give give give away their products okay you know well uh like so um to a handful of of of of of of of of our listeners. And see and see and see and see and see and and and and and and and and see and see and see what you like don't like questions things like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um I mean like okay I mean that. Basically, you're just going to get get get get get get get get like a couple weeks supply of so you know so like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like well some CBD products from CBD American Shaman EPA, and then you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're going to do some testimonials from well you know like well I mean like like like like like like like like well us. This is what you got to do go to the puff and and and and and and and and Steph so um okay okay I mean you know like Facebook page, and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's pinned to the top of the page and just okay like uh like like I I I I I I I I mean you know tell us why you want to try it out. Maybe you've tried tried tried tried tried tried tried tried CBD products before uh uh like okay uh like like and you stop for whatever reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason maybe try to different companies products. You want to I mean like so you you you you you you you you know well okay like see how this Compares maybe you're just curious. Maybe earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier maybe there's something specific that you're um well um you know okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay hoping that it helps with. No reason is better than any other to be be be be be be be be honest. We want we want we want we want we want we want we want we want a wide variety of people. So make sure you.