Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your I'm your I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host Simon Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler in this uh um I mean like um okay uh podcast. What we do is is is is is is is is we have top ten lists. These are these are these are these are these these these these these these these these are these are these are these are the audio versions of like well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh uh well our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If you enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy this show, please do so uh I mean okay um you know um consider leaving us us us us us us us us a review on Apple podcasts or Oye podcast. Also, you are say say say say say say say say hi um um you know you know um I mean I mean to me me me me me me me me on social media on Instagram Twitter all of that stuff. I am I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like you know you know like you know so at Simon Whistler one word come come come come come come come come and say hi to me. Let me know how so um okay well I I I I I I I I mean you know uh you liked this show and let's get into it. Hello. Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello. I'm Simon with Slayer you're so uh okay well okay okay okay watching top 10 internet. Internet internet internet internet internet internet internet. And in the video today. We're looking we're looking we're looking we're looking we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're looking we're looking we're looking we're looking at the top 10 you know okay like um um um um um um um um like so okay successful companies that started life as something totally different most of us go through through through through through through through through life like uh okay well you know okay you know and not knowing who who who who who who who who we are or what we want to do at least um so um you know well well well well well well well well I mean like until a few decades in we go through many false false false false false false false false starts and travel through many so um like like well okay I mean dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead and paths until we find the one that's truly right for us many okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so um you know so companies are the same often times the most most most most most most most most successful corporations on earth started with one simple idea and are now vastly successful in a different area.