Welcome back to modern day disciples AKA MDD the podcast were here real stories from from from from from from from from modern-day like like well uh like uh okay disciples. My name is is is is is is is is Cameron Bure Naga. I'm the youth minister at st. Like so uh like you you you you you you you you know like um. Francis of Assisi Parish in San Jose, California in my name is Ana Ana Ana Ana Ana Ana Ana Ana fuentes. I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean okay okay like uh uh like. I'm the youth Minister as the Anthony Anthony Anthony Anthony Anthony Anthony Anthony Anthony perosh in San Jose, California. Dude. Well well uh okay like okay you you you you you you you you know. Happy lead. Happy Lance. I'll be home late you guys we have you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know uh um okay a super special episode for you today. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's very special. We we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we haven't posted in uh well you know so you know you you you you you you you you know well like maybe a week. Yeah. I'm due to some stuff that we'll talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about. I mean um you know so okay um I mean. Oh for oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh for oh for oh for oh for oh for oh for oh for sure for for for for for for for for sure. Butts were in our Lenten season now, so we you know so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um well actually have a special Lenten edition of the MDD podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast this week guys, uh um I mean you know okay well um we do do do do do do do do so we unfortunately don't have a guest this week, but we're going okay okay you you you you you you you you know I mean like like well to talk all things lent. We're going to do do do do do do do do some things that are a little well so you know well you know so you you you you you you you you know different from what we usually do on a podcast and it it it it it it it it well I mean I mean okay well so like switch it up a little bit Don't Know Know Know Know Know Know Know Know remix of the episode of you're really um well I mean um well so I I I I I I I I mean fine and we hope that you guys stick with us for this special luncheon episode remember, that's a remix. Let's get.