I saw a gator shakes at the cutting ties really show at Blackboard Blackboard Blackboard Blackboard Blackboard Blackboard Blackboard Blackboard you know uh um you know I mean like you know McKees Rocks. They They They They They They They They were they were they were they were they were they were they were were were were were were were were they were that dude is no I didn't see them. I saw you you you you you you you you know um uh like you know uh you know him do a feature on a a a a a a a a cutting ties song. He's the best frontman. He was so uh uh uh like um like like like like like like like like so good like yeah a very energetic and his voice like a you know know know know know know know know um well you know so I mean you know buzz saw like it was was was was was was was was crazy voices just doesn't quit. Yeah, his like stage presence is okay I mean I I I I I I I I mean you know um like like fucking Amazing. Yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like wife's I keep seeing his picture on Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook because so uh like okay uh you know I mean it's just always like like like like like like like like people you may know and then I see him and um so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um like okay it's like him singing while he's like hanging cling to to to to to to to to it. We're like crawling on so like you know well um um um the floor. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I think yeah, they're at their Christmas show. He was like have um um um um um um um um um so okay so like well like a sin a coat on and like like like like like like like like the first note of the first like uh so so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like song He's already got the mic out of the mics and it has got you you you you you you you you know well so I mean like I mean well the mic stand up here. Just good good good good good good good good goddamn on a Gators laying around at that shit was I love you. So I love.