Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's I I I I I I I I mean um so um okay okay I mean the app I'm using it it it it it it it it is definitely the easiest one to use it's free and there's creation you you you you you you you you know you know I mean uh like you know well tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools straight in the app that allow you to edit your podcast from like um like like like like like like like like uh so like okay your phone or computer and it will also distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast to Spotify like you know I mean you know you know you you you you you you you you know okay apple and many more without having to do anything which is great and and and and and and and and you can okay uh well uh okay well I mean make money from the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also great man. You gotta you know know know know know know know know um well well so um you know grind you got to get to where you're going. Going going going going going going going. So it's everything you need to um uh uh you know uh well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean do all one place and to download the app go to anchor on the the the the the the the the App Store uh I mean like like so I mean you know anchored on FM online online online online online online online online to get Started let's get in the madness. What's going on? like um um um um um um um um I mean so I mean um you know Everyone? Rob everything and YG. You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're welcome to episode 2 of everything and YG's madness. Uh well well well well well well well well well well uh so okay. I'm excited to get into it. The first episode alone did amazing. Amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing. I'm um I'm um I'm um I'm um I'm um I'm um I'm um um um um um um um um I'm um so well well like so uh so thankful for you guys tuning in in in in in in in in and checking it out and reviewing it so um so like well so well and and and and and and and and everything of that nature. I really I really I really I really I really I I I I I I I I really I really I really really do appreciate it. And I genuinely hope you enjoyed it. But the.