What's going on guys before we get started on today's episode. I want to to to to to to to to talk to I mean so well you know you know I mean um you you you you you you you you guys about anchor anchor is the app that I use to record my like like like like like like like like like I mean uh well uh um episodes. It's the easiest way to make podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. It's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a a a a a a a a hundred percent free um so well um okay so okay and it allows allows allows allows allows allows allows allows you to use tools that allow you to record and so you know so so so so so so so so um I mean okay um edit your podcast straight from your phone or computer that that that that that that that that allows you to record with so okay well so I mean you know so so so so so so so so friends as well after it's been uploaded to Anchor and go will so uh like you you you you you you you you know okay uh so then distribute your podcast for you so I can can can can can can can can be heard on Spotify I mean okay so so so well like app a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and many more you can also definitely make money from your I mean I mean you you you you you you you you know okay uh okay um podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need need need need need need need need to make a podcast in um um so well uh um uh one place download the the the the the the the the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot fm to you know you know well well well well well well well well um like uh well get started. Before I start this podcast, I just want want want want want want want want to let you guys know uh um you know um uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean if you are listening to this podcast through headphones. I'm warning you right now. Um Um Um Um Um Um Um Um so so um well so so. It's only going through the left here. I want want want want want want want want to believe because that's just the way like so I mean okay so like like my my my my my my my my my whole setup. It works I guess but I'm going to try to figure out a way how to fix that. But I.