What's up, guys? This episode of the podcast is brought to you by anchor okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay well uh um so if you don't know about anchor it's the the the the the the the the platform that we use to make all like okay so so like um um um um um um um um well of our podcasts and it is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let well like so like like okay you know me just break it down for for for for for for for for you guys real quick. It is 100% free. There's um so uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know well okay nothing you have to pay for it comes with all all all all all all all all kinds of creation tools so that um you know okay okay um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you can record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer wherever it'll automatically so I mean like uh well I mean uh distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you so that it can be heard on Spotify Apple so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so um like so podcast Google podcast, wherever you want to put put put put put put put put it you can make money from okay I mean I mean like okay well well well well well well well well you know your podcast right out the gate. No minimum listenership. You can can can can can can can can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can start monetizing monetizing monetizing monetizing monetizing monetizing monetizing monetizing right so uh uh um uh so I mean away, which is super awesome. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's literally everything that you need to make uh like well um like uh well a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast all in one place. So download so download so download so download so download download download download download download download download so download so download so download the free anchor app or go okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so um well like um to Anchor dot. F m-- to get get get get get get get get started. Enjoy the episode guys shit out in okay like I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean so a box and I'll look this way too simple. That's fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking boring. I'm well well so well I mean um you know not doing it. Okay. Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay. I just reason with myself like within a week of doing that well um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean um you know and then fucking a hundred thieves comes out out out out out out out out with some shit like that. It's um so like um you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well bullshit. It's what's under bro. Come on son. The bomber jacket is sick though. I alright I will say it looks pretty tight. I'm.