Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually want you you you you you you you you um uh you know uh so okay uh to tweet me your feedback feedback feedback feedback feedback feedback feedback feedback on how you like weekly V and podcast form. So okay well you know like like like like like like like like so okay so please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put hashtag garyvee garyvee garyvee garyvee garyvee garyvee garyvee garyvee podcast with like uh so you know so okay you know the W in in in in in in in in there as well so I can see your feedback on weekly okay so well well well well well well well well um well like I mean B7. Please hit me up with some feedback on Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter on how you I mean you know like well um I mean like like listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening to the Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, it's well I I I I I I I I mean well so like okay um youtube.com slash garyvee with double. He's then please enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy is the garyvee audio experience. What okay what okay what okay what okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay what okay what okay what okay what okay well so you know so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um up Podcast today's episode is from a recent phone call that Gary had with pearson. Pearson pearson pearson pearson pearson pearson pearson. Well well I mean you know so uh uh. He speaks about ageism and how how how how how how how how he believes that Talent comes in all ages shapes like so you know well uh you you you you you you you you know I mean and sizes. So make sure to hit them up and let let let let let let let let us know you know so like you know I mean um you know what you you you you you you you you thought with a review and I hope you enjoy A story I'm working I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like uh well like like on is about his son in the industry industry industry industry industry industry industry industry and sort of how even see you know so so well you know so so so so so so so so so the wrong about attracting it and making it better. And so I find your LinkedIn post looking for.