What's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, what's up, dawg fam? Happy Monday happy Monday happy Monday happy Monday happy Monday happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy Monday happy Monday happy Monday and welcome to episode number 30 of the you know know know know know know know know okay uh uh you know okay like doubt Health podcast. My name is Derrick teal. Teal teal teal teal teal teal teal. I'm the owner and operator of dialed Health, okay um so I mean um um um um um um um um well I mean which is strength training for cyclists. Now today. Our topic is all about about about about about about about about um so like okay like you know uh why circuit workouts are optimal for cyclists. Cyclists cyclists cyclists cyclists cyclists cyclists cyclists. This topic was sent in by an underscore okay so uh um so so like like like like like like like like Austin in do thank you so much for this idea because he noticed that I I I I I I I I mean okay uh so so uh like most of my Programs and pretty much all all all all all all all all the workouts. I put out our mixed well uh okay okay well um you know know know know know know know know in some form of a circuit. So you want to know why that is. Is is is is is is is. Well okay okay so well uh uh. Is it something that really is better for for for for for for for for cyclists. Is it is it is it is it is it is it is is is is is is is is it is it just my style? uh like I mean you know um um um um um um um um um uh What is that? So we're going to break down the science and and and and and and and and we're also uh you know I mean you know you know okay you know going to to to to to to to to break down some reality because you know, all the science in uh so okay okay um um um um um um um um um like the world. Sometimes can't sometimes can't sometimes can't sometimes can't sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes can't sometimes can't sometimes can't sometimes can't get around real life factors. I think think think think think think think think so, we'll talk uh like like well okay like you know about both and and and and and and and and then really why I choose to do them and why I do uh you know know know know know know know know so well well you know I mean believe that it is optimal for cyclists. As always always always always always always always always we're going to start with a life update lots of cool stuff happening this last weekend.