Brooklyn now, I'm down in Tribeca right next to the narrow, but I'll be hood um um um um um um um um uh so you know uh like okay forever. I'm living Sinatra. And since I made made made made made made made made it here I can make it anywhere uh okay well okay well um I mean get get get get get get get get a love me everywhere. I used to cop it on them everyone. Welcome well well well well well well well well well well I mean you know you know well back to the oneworld agencies podcast Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler and Sheriff here ready to talk about some okay like like okay you know I I I I I I I I mean um pretty cool stuff today. I'm very excited about you Sheriff. I am am am am am am am am freaking pumped. Yeah, um uh uh okay well you know uh I would almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost consider this like kind of the one of the the first um like like like like like like like like so like like I mean okay like not real episode, but kind of now now now now now now now now diving Until like actual key Concepts and other like uh um like like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean things going to talk about besides just you know overarching principle. So So So So So So So So I mean uh um okay you know well well you know we'll talk about today today today today today today today today and that this episode is all about the difference between like well uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know a goal and then idea and I'll dive real quick quick quick quick quick quick quick quick into what do well I mean um like okay um well we mean by by by by by by by by that? We obviously we obviously we obviously we obviously we obviously we obviously we we we we we we we we obviously we obviously there's a difference between gold and idea like, okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um I mean um you know, Tyler what are you talking about? So I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll break it down real quick and you know uh okay okay I mean well like like like like like like like like basically what me and sheriff came up with one more thing about what we we we we we we we we uh uh uh uh so like like came up with what we what we have have have have have have have have found to be true and we've been taught is basically the difference in the go and idea is a goal.