Hello and welcome to another episode of the Future Socks podcast. My name my name my my my my my my my my name my name my name my name my name my name you know so so so so so so so so okay you know uh so I mean is Mike Rankin. I will I will I I I I I I I I will I will I will I will I will I will be your host this this this this this this this this time around and you know I mean okay okay well well okay boy. Do Do Do Do Do Do Do Do we have a special guest for you crystallinity from socks in the basement uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um okay okay well like podcast. You can follow them on Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter at Chris Ludacris. What's going on? I appreciate I mean um I mean um um um um um um um um I mean well like you jumping in with us to talk some White Sox Sox Sox Sox Sox Sox Sox Sox baseball on the future I mean well okay well so well well Sox podcast. This is is is is is is is is going to be weird for me because I don't normally do I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so like well so so interviews. I normally I normally I normally I normally I I I I I I I I normally I normally I normally I normally interview other people. So I'm going to to to to to to to to completely screw this okay well I mean uh like uh okay up Mike. Appreciate Appreciate Appreciate Appreciate Appreciate Appreciate Appreciate Appreciate you having me on the show. And yeah, we're excited um uh so so I I I I I I I I mean so you know over at Saks in the basement right now where we've been doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing this now for almost uh you know uh well uh uh like two years years years years years years years years and it really is like a Grassroots thing that I didn't expect like like like like like like like like so uh um you know okay you know to get as big as it's turned turned turned turned turned turned turned turned into and now we're you know, we um well okay like so um you you you you you you you you know got this live event of cork and Kerry the park on the 28th, 28th, 28th, 28th, 28th, 28th, 28th, 28th, and well uh like like I mean so like we're going to be trying out a a a a a a a a live broadcast from there through the Pod be uh you know okay so so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so nap and we're going to be going to two shows a week instead instead instead instead instead instead instead instead of so uh uh uh well okay okay one and it just it's just it's a fun ride and it's great that we're growing just as the team.