Principal Callahan, I've got principal Velazquez online for put her through Cal. How are how how how how how how how how are how are how are how are how are how are how are are are are are are are are I mean um like I mean like so I mean you? Not so bad value self self self self self self self self never better, but you can make me even happier. Um um so uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well. Well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I I I I I I I I well, I told you we can't keep doing that. It's a it's a a a a a a a a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a conflict of interest. Interest interest interest interest interest interest interest. Oh get um well okay uh I mean um I mean your mind mind mind mind mind mind mind mind out of the gutter Callahan. I have interns who do that now. Anyway, I anyway, I I I I I I I I anyway, I anyway, I anyway, I anyway, I anyway, I anyway, I well so I I I I I I I I mean I mean okay um uh saw reports this morning that chili Doug Davis is is is is is is is is looking into the foreign exchange program well um so okay so uh you know that she she she she she she she she is that she is but it's gonna take a pretty hefty. You know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like well you know well. Package for package for package for for for for for for for for package for package for package for package for package for me to send her to to to to to to to to Barcelona if that's what you're after. You you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you know well well like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um know why they call her chili dog. Don't you tell me cow cow cow cow cow cow cow cow ate 50 of well you know um like well so you know them in one Lunch Period Period Period Period Period Period Period Period or freshman year right down the gullet and not 20 so okay okay well um um um um um um um um okay okay minutes later scored a 96 on our biology midterm. Just shy of of of of of of of of an A+. Look um look um look um look um look um look um um um um um um um um look um look um well so well you know okay so point is the kids kids kids kids kids kids kids kids a stud a Phenom. I'm not about to give her you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh like okay uh uh up for a pack of pens in a book book book book book book book book Let's Not Be Hasty. We uh like um uh I mean okay well think think think think think think think think chili dog will be a great fit in the halls of our uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um well okay like okay school and coming to Barcelona will be an an an an an an an an enriching experience for both her and us now you want to hear my offer what tell me about.