Hey everybody. This is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is this is this is this is how you are. I just want to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk to you a little okay like I mean um you know you you you you you you you you know okay bit today about some happen to me the other day and they've asked me like like like like like like like like uh I mean okay um you know you know if I I I I I I I I tell you about it just because it kind of changed my life. Um so so so so so so so so you know uh well well well. I think it'll change your life. It changed changed changed changed changed changed changed changed his life changed my aunts I mean so so okay I mean so so so so so so so so uh life changed everybody's life. So I was down at My Cousin Skeeter shop. But But But But But But But But okay okay so um uh you know I mean today I walked in there there there there there there there there and I was trying to steal couple parts um okay like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um because my Ford ain't working right and Skeeter walk in he didn't know I I I I I I I I was uh um um okay okay uh okay doing two skaters kind of stupid and and and and and and and and he was like, hey bud. I got I got I got I got got got got got got got got I got I got I got I got I mean uh I mean you you you you you you you you know um okay you know something I need to tell you want to take a a a a a a a a seat right there. Um uh um well um so I mean. Tie a seat right right right right right right right right there. He said I want to tell you about something that um so okay I I I I I I I I mean you know so um I found out they if you haven't heard about about about about about about about about it. I think it's wrapped right well you know okay um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know you know time. You did. He says it's called anchor and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's the easiest way imaginable to so well uh you know I mean uh um make make make make make make make make podcast and I was like, well, that's like Skeeter. All right. Well, I'm you got my you have my.