Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just jokes jokes jokes jokes jokes jokes jokes jokes like so you know you know so well I mean listeners before we get into into into into into into into into this episode. I'd like to take a moment to thank our well um um um um um um um um like well um well okay sponsor. Anchor if anchor if anchor if anchor if if if if if if if if anchor if anchor if anchor if anchor if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast. So I mean uh um like well well. It's free. Free free free free free free free. It's doesn't cost any money. That's why that's why that's why that's why why why why why why why why that's why that's why that's why that's why we use it. There's a uh you know know know know know know know know I mean like you know okay okay creation tools that allow you to record record record record record record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone okay um you know I I I I I I I I mean like like well and computer makes it very simple and color distributes your pockets pockets pockets pockets pockets pockets pockets pockets for you can um like you know like so uh okay be heard. Heard heard heard heard heard heard heard. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you can make money from uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean um well your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to to to to to to to to make a podcast well okay so like I mean okay well right in one place download download download download download download download download the free a tinker app or go to like um okay so well well well well well well well well you know like Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. I don't know. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, that works. That was uh you know so well I mean um like good good good good good good good good cool. I started I started I don't give a fuck. I started started started started started started started started sit the well okay okay um like uh you know fuck down get the water sit the fuck down. Come on, dude. I don't have to.