Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need more voices voices voices voices voices voices voices voices so I mean uh well you know well I mean in the church talking about about about about about about about about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast to the okay you know I I I I I I I I mean well like okay you know Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing we're seeing we're seeing we're seeing we're seeing we're seeing we're seeing we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're seeing unfolding before our eyes. Like okay you know so I mean okay you you you you you you you you know. There are a lot of ways to get involved and an easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy one like uh you know okay you know okay uh is to start a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast uh so like you know uh so so so so so so so so like hosting platform. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the the the the the the the the easiest way to make okay so um uh well um I mean a podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's Russian tools that allow you to record I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um okay I mean um uh uh and edit your podcast right from your your your your your your your your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast so uh so um um um um um um um um um so I mean for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcast and many more so um uh well so I mean um you can actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually make some money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. Like I mean you you you you you you you you know I mean like so like. It's everything you need to make a podcast in in in in in in in in one convenient location. So um well like like you know so okay if you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're interested download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- like like like like like like like like um um okay well I mean like to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.