Hey guys, this episode is sponsored by anchor you haven't heard about anchor. It's literally literally literally literally literally literally literally literally I mean well uh you know so you know um the easiest way to make make make make make make make make a podcast. We use it for casual poor and we like okay I I I I I I I I mean well uh um so absolutely love love love it. Love it love it it it it it it it it love it love it love it love it love it love it Robert tell the the the the the the the the people I anchor so great one. Um I mean you know I mean you you you you you you you you know okay uh. It's free love free big plus when it's free to to to to to to to to you can only record and edit your um so um uh you know like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean podcast or you can upload your podcast straight to Anchor, but they'll also distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your I mean you know um like I mean um like podcast to all the the the the the the the the streaming platforms that apple pie. It cast Spotify Stitcher Google podcast like you know you know know know know know know know know I mean well you know you know Google podcasts does Amazon but podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast they will be short and on top so um um well okay um okay of that that that that that that that that you can even make money off of this app. So it's free and so you you you you you you you you know um okay well I mean uh you can make money. Yes, it's free free free free free free free free and you can make money anchor will um well uh like I mean I mean well well well well well well well well automatically match your podcast with the right sponsors for your podcast with no minimum amount amount amount amount amount amount amount amount of well so uh like you know I mean so listeners required super simple simple simple simple simple simple simple simple to get started. Just go to Anchor dot f m or download the anchor app from the App Store and you are.