Coming to you from USL headquarters. This is this is this is this is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is still some time. Here's the U U U U U U U U uh I mean like I mean um uh I mean s-- L's Kelsey steel. It It It It It It It It is March 3rd of 2020 Kelsey steel Scott Stewart okay okay so um well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean here for season 2 of steal some time. It's like we we we we we we we we blinked all of a I mean I mean well you know okay um uh sudden sudden sudden sudden sudden sudden sudden sudden the 2020 season is upon us. We're just we're just we're just we're just we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're just we're just we're just we're just days away from opening weekend. Well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so well well like. How is your off season first and foremost scott. Scott Scott Scott Scott Scott Scott Scott. Do you feel kind of refreshed ready okay uh I mean uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um to go? Just blacked out and then woke up and it was was was was was was was was like we're about to like okay well you know like okay uh kick kick kick kick kick kick kick kick off and I was like, oh good good thing I woke up you know know know know know know know know uh uh um so um so in time. Then sort then sort then sort sort sort sort sort sort sort sort then sort then sort then sort then sort then sort of like a Sleepy Hollow Hollow Hollow Hollow Hollow Hollow Hollow Hollow thing God. I set my alarm. Like um well okay okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um. Yeah, and I think the remnant or like the remedy was like a rowdies rowdies rowdies rowdies rowdies rowdies rowdies rowdies preseason so um well I mean like so um game or something. I showed up up up up up up up up and I was like, whoa, we're like it's like I mean okay um well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um what's happening? This is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is this is this is this is happening there soon as they beat Montreal. I I I I I I I I was I was I was I was I was I was I was I I I I I I I I was like I mean so okay like I mean so just like yeah, we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're back in the swing of things. We are good for so you know know know know know know know know like okay okay you know well real back in the swing of things were back here every every every every every every every every single Tuesday through whatever platform you choose to follow us there whether it's I do.