You have you have you have you have you have you have you have you have reached reached reached reached reached reached reached reached the every little thing help or interrupting our regularly scheduled programming to um uh well well well well well well well well so so I mean well give you an urgent Flamingo update. On the line. Line line line line line line line. We have our Flamingo correspondent like okay you know okay like I mean I I I I I I I I mean Hi, how are you? This is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is this is this is this is flamingo biologists Felicity. Arango from the American American American American American American American American Museum of you know I mean you know I mean uh um I mean Natural Natural Natural Natural Natural Natural Natural Natural History. You heard you heard you heard you heard you heard you heard you heard you you you you you you you you heard her on our do not underestimate the flamingo episode where we we we we we we we we outline uh well um so uh so um why the flamingo is the most badass badass badass badass badass badass badass badass creature on the planet. Yeah. They're they're pretty uh so uh uh like well well well well well well well well you know badass. Yeah. I appreciate you taking our urgent call today. Sure. I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't know I mean well I mean um uh okay okay if you're on social media, but but but but but but but but on Twitter and Instagram there has been a flamingo well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um well well event. In the last week. Yes. I saw it. It it it it it it it. It was, you know brought to my I mean uh I mean well okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay attention by a few people. It looks like a picture from a flamingo flamingo flamingo flamingo flamingo flamingo flamingo flamingo crime scene. Yeah, well I mean okay you know so like I mean there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's two adult flamingos in a baby flamingo and one of the adults looks like it's attacking.