Hello there before we get started on today's episode. I'd like to ask a a a a a a a a I mean I mean okay you know um um you know short favor. If you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're interested in either of the two books that I have you know um uh you you you you you you you you know I mean uh well written and I'm about to release head on on on on on on on on over to my website at the anxious truth.com books um um okay you you you you you you you you know you know um you know there. You can learn about both books one one one one one one one one of which is free and um um you know so well I mean you know know know know know know know know you can get on my mailing list to be notified when each each each each each each each each book well uh you know well well um um is released and and and and and and and and how you can get it. I would I would I would I would I I I I I I I I would I would I would I would really appreciate that. Okay, okay okay, okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay, okay okay, okay okay, okay okay, okay okay, okay okay, okay um um you you you you you you you you know I mean well okay let's get rolling. What is up, dudes and dudettes Drew Drew Drew Drew Drew Drew Drew Drew here from the anxious truth? Welcome you know well you know so you know well well well well well well well well um to episode. What is this episode 98 of the podcast if to left left left left left left left left to get to like well well like you know okay so a hundred. I'm trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying to arrange a special guest to be on the hundredth I mean so so so so so so so so okay okay so um well episode. I don't know if it's going to work out but I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm trying but uh well um you know okay like um that's good. It's going going going going going going going going to be in a couple of weeks. So I'm so I'm so I'm so so so so so so so so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm uh uh like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well you know well going to rant a little Bit and this one which is fine. I guess you guys are kind of used to me doing that. Anyway,.