three two one The button get everybody welcome back to paddle cast cast cast cast cast cast cast cast very very okay okay okay okay I mean you know well excited. It's 12 Towers Towers Towers Towers Towers Towers Towers Towers weekend. And we've and we've and we've and we've and we've and we've and we've and and and and and and and and we've got one of the finest ocean uh well okay you know um well um um um um um um um um paddlers in the world here in the suppressor Studio we welcome today the reigning reigning reigning reigning reigning reigning reigning reigning Molokai you know so well um uh I mean um to Oahu grand champion and and and and and and and and probably one of the best foilers in the world. He uh he uh he uh he he he he he he he he uh he uh he uh he uh he uh okay okay okay well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean does a bit of everything. But the but the but the but but but but but but but but the but the but the but the but the reason we wanted to chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat with him today okay uh well you know well okay I mean is not just just just just just just just just because he's a champion off the water, but he's done some okay like like like like like like like like so um you know you know uh amazing things off the water over over over over over over over over the past couple of years James Casey. Welcome to I mean okay um like you know you you you you you you you you know okay Studio, mate. Yeah, good. Thanks for having me. So I'm so I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm going to get get get get get get get get here. I mean I mean um so okay um well. So you'd In the the the the the the the the Flesh. Yes. Yeah ready for the bit of wind coming on the well well well well well well well well um uh well uh like okay weekend 12 towers are good. Yeah, I'm really excited. It It It It It It It It was it was it was it was it was it was it was it it it it it it it it was looking not so good you know so well I mean you know like like like like like like like like like about seven days ago and the forecast is swung around and they grinding going to be be be be be be be be okay okay well you know you know like like fun. I think I hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope so. Well, the pressure was kind of on you if we got the forecast wrong because you.