The last Factor podcast what is up college lacrosse fans, you're watching the you you you you you you you you know you know like well so you know well 88th episode of the lacks lacks lacks lacks lacks lacks lacks lacks Factor La Crosse podcast. Today is today is today is today is today is is is is is is is is today is today is today is the weekend preview show. We so you you you you you you you you know okay like well well like are going to talk about a boatload of La crosse. Crosse Crosse Crosse Crosse Crosse Crosse Crosse. We're going to talk Villanova at like you know um well I mean so so so so so so so so you know Penn Georgetown at Towson, Hofstra, Ohio State Stoneybrook at Bryant Denver Denver Denver Denver Denver Denver Denver Denver at Notre Dame Duke uh uh uh okay so so well at Loyola cuse at Hopkins Rutgers Rutgers Rutgers Rutgers Rutgers Rutgers Rutgers Rutgers at Princeton Albany at Maryland. Yell at Michigan I mean so like so you know like like like like like like like like uh Penn State at Cornell. It is a lot of Lacrosse to sneak into this this this this this this this this okay um well so so uh like show here before I get into it as always always always always always always always always be sure to like subscribe okay okay uh like well okay so hit the notification notification notification notification notification notification notification notification Bell and then go to lacks factor.com. You can get yourself like like so well well well well well well well well um so okay some swag t-shirts. We have we have we have we have we we we we we we we we have we have we have we have all sorts of t-shirts and we're building building building building building building building building on like well okay well you know uh well that every single day day day day day day day day and then a little bit from our sponsor sideline swap best you know know know know know know know know so you know um um you know well place by far to buy and sell sell sell sell sell sell sell sell La Crosse gear hard to find college well um so I mean you know know know know know know know know uh um gear pre-owned heads shafts helmets and more up to 70% off. So go to sideline swap.com.