For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by teach teach teach teach teach teach teach teach uh well well okay okay like like data, we save teachers hours each week by bringing bringing bringing bringing bringing bringing bringing bringing them quality downloadable teaching resources for their like okay uh so I mean okay like like like like like like like like classrooms to make your classroom Buzz go to teach starter.com. Hey teachers for you you you you you you you you know um like okay uh you know um on here. Thanks so much for listening to to to to to to to to For the Love of teaching. Please rate and review I mean so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well so well us any Apple podcast app and help us to reach more more more more more more more more teachers gears. Have you heard okay I mean well um so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean of the daily? 5 Ali is a passionate teacher who is has like you know know know know know know know know so uh I mean um well used this source and program to engage in Delight how how how how how how how how beautiful students she's a huge I mean like like I mean well okay I I I I I I I I mean fan of the daily 5 and she documents her students learnings on her Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram page the okay um so you know okay so so young educator Ali says this this this this this this this this program has been a game-changer for her and her um well um you you you you you you you you know well you know well students. My students came to school on the the the the the the the the second day and they were like, when are uh so like I mean um like like like like like like like like like we doing daily 5 and that for me I was just sold so I knew knew knew knew knew knew knew knew it um I mean um like um like you know was worth it. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Ellie. Thank you so much for joining me on for the love of teaching. I'm so excited to be here. Yay.