What's up, everybody Anton curly here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the podcast okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well um so uh in today's episode. We're going we're going we're going going going going going going going going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going to talk about what products products products products products products products products you should not drop you know like well well uh so uh ship now now now now now now now now when you're doing research and you're looking to get into e-commerce or build a like like like like like like like like well so I mean um uh um new store or launch a new product product product product product product product product line. There are three different levels of where um like well like um well well well well well well well well okay you want to research to make sure you're choosing the right products. Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, the so okay uh so uh like like first level is the niche niche niche niche niche niche niche niche level. That's the highest one, right? What type of products like okay you know uh I I I I I I I I mean you know I mean do you want to sell and after you lock? lock lock lock lock lock lock lock Didn't you didn't you didn't you didn't you didn't you didn't you didn't you you you you you you you you didn't you want to move to the well okay um okay uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean supplier level and make sure that the suppliers you're finding are ones. You actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually want like I mean okay so I mean um like to work with if if if if if if if if you want to make money doing this and then finally the so okay so so so so so so so so uh you know I mean um deepest level is the product level. So So So So So So So So what I'm going to share with you okay well you know I mean I mean so so so so so so so so okay in this podcast is what to look for at all three levels to make make make make make make make make sure you're okay okay like you know you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean not wasting your time. If you if you if you if you if you you you you you you you you if you if you if you decide to build one of these stores and and and and and and and and actually build you know like okay uh like uh um a real business now before we we we we we we we we get into it, I should let you know that if this uh I mean you you you you you you you you know um well like I mean all sounds good to you and you're looking to build your very own highly profitable semi-automated.