Hello. Hello and welcome to the siebert's podcast. Today's podcast is number 42. 42 42 42 42 42 42 42. Now, if like like like like I mean so I mean you've been following us over over over over over over over over the past couple of episodes you would have noticed that um uh you know know know know know know know know well so well okay we started a new series but the Foreigner lifestyle now, we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've already had dr. You know so uh so I mean you know um. Chuck matias. Matias Matias Matias Matias Matias Matias Matias. He talked to us about praying daily. Then we had Matt so okay uh so so so so so so so so well you know like Candler join us talking about fasting weekly and on this episode. We We We We We We We We kind of continue like um um like you know well uh that conversation. We We We We We We We We have the lovely Dana Candler the mrs. Camera. Joining us and well so okay so so so so so so so so like I mean uh she talks about the gift of hunger. Now the Lord gives gives gives gives gives gives gives gives this to us as like okay you know well uh um like a gift gift gift gift gift gift gift gift as we engage with the spiritual truth of fasting. So thank you like like like like like like like like so uh okay uh I mean uh Dana for joining us right here here here here here here here here with you guys. So your so your so your so your so your your your your your your your your so your so your so your mom you're a loving well so well I I I I I I I I mean so you know um wife and you've been here. I hope for a long time. Time time time time time time time. So you've obviously like I mean so I mean um well uh spent hours and and and and and and and and hours and hours cultivating the gift of hunger. So you're so you're so you're so you're so so so so so so so so you're so you're so you're so you're going like well well okay um okay um to kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of just unpack that right about that was just gonna fill our heads with all the revelation we.