All right. It's another it's another it's another it's another it's another it's another it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's another it's another film study. I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I I I I I I I I hope I hope I hope you guys have been enjoying all okay so you know know know know know know know know uh well well okay the shorter episodes that we've been putting out over the past past past past past past past past couple weeks. This will not you know so okay I mean I mean um um um um um um um um like be one of those. This is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this is this is this is going to be a nice long discussion because we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're uh well well I mean uh uh so going to look back at Lamar Lamar Lamar Lamar Lamar Lamar Lamar Lamar Jackson, which means it's probably To be more than so I mean well like um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so one episode at least two episodes for us to get through all this this this this this this this this okay okay okay um um you know okay chemicals. Like how you doing? Let's go go go go go go go go Josh. How about you? I'm good. I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited okay so okay like so so so so so so so so so well that. We got Michael join and ask because he's going to make every every every every every every every every Lamar Jackson so you know um I mean well so I mean and compare compare compare compare compare compare compare compare it to Joe Flacco go on right Michael. How you doing? Hey, I'm like well I I I I I I I I mean so I mean so okay doing good Josh and can't thanks for having having having having having having having having me on Nam im here to tell okay so well you know know know know know know know know okay uh so everybody that I completely predicted everything that largest did this past season and nobody listened to me.