Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to welcome to the science and spirituality podcast where we dive deep into Universal spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual principles I mean so like uh like well okay and ground them in modern modern modern modern modern modern modern modern science. My name my name my name my name my name my name my my my my my my my my name my name is Chris Gardner. My name is Kevin okay like like like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh Clarke. We are committed to simplifying the spiritual side of successful with with with with with with with with easy to okay okay well so uh like so understand scientific research. So you can walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk away with practical tools to create radical like uh okay so well you know well transformations transformations transformations transformations transformations transformations transformations transformations in your life. Let's get started. Looking forward to this episode and also having a like like like like like like like like you know okay um um I mean well new guest here. Yeah, and so so so so so so so so our special guest today is Julie householder uh um okay you know I mean I I I I I I I I mean you know who is a life coach and a biofield healing immersion practitioner and she she she she she she she she also uh okay I mean um I mean so well happens to be my girlfriend. Girlfriend girlfriend girlfriend girlfriend girlfriend girlfriend girlfriend. So it's going to be a fun episode. Oh, yeah. You know well well well well well well well well well um you know so you know. Um, but yeah, so we wanted to to to to to to to to talk about the topic of forgiveness. Do you want I mean okay so um um um um um um um um well like I mean to start it off cab sure forgiveness. I want I I I I I I I I want I want I want I want I want I want I want to First paint the picture of what I understood forgiveness as before.