What's up, guys? It is it is it is it is it is it is it it it it it it it it is it is Cody Wynn with the faith growth podcast. I hope y'all are you you you you you you you you know you know you know I mean well um well growing in your faith faith faith faith faith faith faith faith some from this thing before I even introduced Matthew, so well okay okay you you you you you you you you know so so I mean don't say anything yet Matthew because I haven't introduced introduced introduced introduced introduced introduced introduced introduced yet. Yeah, smash the Subscribe well um I mean well um you know uh button. Button button button button button button button. If you loved us then that would be so sweet of you. If you could could could could could could could could well okay so so okay I mean so smash the Subscribe button, it means a a a a a a a a lot to us and it gets the I mean well you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay message out to more people with the way the algorithm works. Anyways now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, let me um I mean well uh um um uh introduce my lovely co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host Matthew. What's up, dude? Good man, great. Uh-huh. All right, so uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean well and you'll work on this entry. We need to do something something something something something something something something about that, right? you know okay um okay you know um so Yeah. Yeah. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. Yeah. Y'all are probably the power just like I'm a skip to 20 well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean okay well um seconds. Yeah, I was good. So yeah, today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's topic. We are we are we are we are we are we we we we we we we we are we are we are still on our demonic I mean you know uh like like like like like like like like um so like Church teaching series and we have covered quite a few here and and and and and and and and we are going to so so you know so okay uh um cover today another one of legalism. We're going to discuss legalism and the.