Oh, can you put a little bit of Honey mix fit to give our yeah, okay um um um um um um um um so you know so so uh I know did you know that when milk is is is is is is is is start again when milk has come so so uh well you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean out of the cow. They died they died they died they died they died they they they they they they they they died they died they died a white because there's pus and blood in it it it it it it it it and like well like um so uh I mean your stroke still drinking cow's milk. Your Your Your Your Your Your Your Your mom will join to do that is uh well like you know you know I I I I I I I I mean you know disgusting. I've tried like almond milk was just isn't there's almond produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce milk. What uh well um um like uh I mean breasts do you squeeze? Not Not Not Not Not Not Not Not this? Smells good doesn't matter coconut milk is a so uh I mean well so you know know know know know know know know like thing. No could do that. Coconut milk coconut milk coconut milk coconut milk coconut coconut coconut coconut coconut coconut coconut coconut milk coconut milk coconut milk coconut milk coconut coconut milk coconut water discussed. How How How How How How How How can how can how can how can how can how can how can how can can can can can can can can well you know so okay like like you know I was absolutely vile? And I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't know why people eat it. So drink so drink so drink so drink so drink so so so so so so so so drink so drink so drink is it um uh um I mean um you know so so so so so so so so actually tastes like Bean Juice that she would it's disgusting. Do you know know know know know know know know what the problem I mean you know I mean you know you know know know know know know know know like like is what you I don't think I'm a problem. I think I I I I I I I I think I think I think I think I think I think I think you're the the the the the the the the problem. Just so um you know like um you know so leave the cars. We've been been been been been been been been we've been we've been we've been we've been we've been we've been we've been been been been been been been been drinking cow milk since day one not supposed to drink cow. Mel was supposed to drink her mum's milk.