Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to the days conversation today. We're going to be talking about taking control. Per like like like like like like like like I mean like like so you know um se taking control of our emotions, emotions, emotions, emotions, emotions, emotions, emotions, emotions, but the big question is how do we you know I mean well like like like like like like like like um um so take control of our emotions? Here's the thing. There are multiple multiple multiple multiple multiple multiple multiple multiple ways that can uh like like uh okay uh I mean kick kick kick kick kick kick kick kick you down. Right but we're going to talk about two of those important uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so uh you know um uh points right now. And that's your your your your your your your your physiology and your mindset physiology being the science well well I mean so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh of life. It is the branch of the biology that deals with the uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um uh okay um normal functions of a living organism and its its its its its its its its parts. But in this sense, what you know so okay uh uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay we're going to be talking about is how refers to your emotions and how how how how how how how how it you know like um you know uh so um is an extension of of of of of of of of You feel emotions are described many ways. You know me. We uh I mean like like like like like like like like um I mean you know like have happiness sadness anger and fear which and there there there there there there there there are others of course, but those like uh you know so well um well are kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of the main ones. We think these emotions are born in our like like like like like like like like well um uh well well uh mind sometime but most of the time and a lot of times it's not it's just.