Have you been looking for a way to start a podcast? If so, look look look look look look look look well uh well you know so uh I mean no further. If you you you you you you you you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you you you you you you you you haven't heard of anchor it's the easiest way to make a so well you know know know know know know know know okay uh well like podcast. Literally it's free. There's no monthly minimum. You don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't have to pay to host so um well well so you know know know know know know know know uh your content. There's creation tools that allows you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your okay so I mean well okay you know well phone or computer an an an an an an an an anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you don't okay uh well well well well well well well well well so well well have to mindlessly or in the Sleep host your RSS feed feed feed feed feed feed feed feed to Spotify and apple so well well um uh um um and everywhere else. Else else else else else else else. They'll do they'll do they'll do they'll do they'll do they'll do they'll do do do do do do do do they'll do it for you and you can make money. I'm you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like um uh okay um your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything that you you you you you you you you want in a podcast um uh I mean uh okay um uh in one place. Place place place place place place place. You have you have you have you have you have you have you have you have have have have have have have have something to say you want to get it out. Like well I mean um I I I I I I I I mean uh well. You want to write a note just upload and turn turn turn turn turn turn turn turn on your anchor so so I mean uh uh I mean so app on on on on on on on on your phone and hit record and save notes to your library to upload well uh um um um um um um um um so okay so you know to future episodes download the free anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.