Hello and welcome back into the hard foul. I'm your host Pearson so uh I I I I I I I I mean okay you know well um Fowler with me as always from Gamecock central.com the bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad luck charm in I mean um okay uh um well so South Carolina Gamecocks this this this this this this this this entire weekend Colin Taylor Colin. I hate that you have to uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay okay I mean I mean okay wear that albatross around your neck, neck, neck, neck, neck, neck, neck, neck, but you had a busy weekend. He did a lot of you know um so so so so so so so so like I mean you know uh travel. It's much appreciated Gamecock fans everywhere appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate your vigilance your dedication to traveling and like okay you know you know well like um um um um um um um um I sound like I'm being sarcastic because it's not a clock. In the in the the the the the the the the in the in the in the in the in the in the I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean so like okay I mean uh morning, but I'm being serious because Friday you you you you you you you you were in Colombia. You covered you covered you covered you covered you covered you covered you you you you you you you you covered you covered the baseball I mean uh um uh like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean game and then Saturday morning you woke up and drove to Tuscaloosa. Watch the well well well well well well well well well you know well okay well okay basketball game. And then you said you stayed overnight overnight overnight overnight overnight overnight overnight overnight in Hoover or Birmingham somewhere you know uh like okay so uh okay thereabouts thereabouts thereabouts thereabouts thereabouts thereabouts thereabouts thereabouts and then drove to Clemson, South Carolina first thing Sunday morning to cover the okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know uh like well so baseball game then came back to to to to to to to to Colombia. And the now you are back here in downtown Columbia at nine o'clock on Monday morning again admirable seriously everybody appreciates.