Hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, hey everyone, welcome to season 2 of reversing climate change. We are we are are are are are are are are we are we are we are we are we are we are doing that podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast uh well uh uh I mean I mean you know thing now in launching a a a a a a a a patreon. You can find it at patreon.com slash Nori podcasts. You know uh uh so you you you you you you you you know okay well. There are various tiers with different types of goodies available. Do Do Do Do Do Do Do Do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you you you you you you you you want to receive okay you know um uh I mean uh I mean a special special special special special special special special newsletter digestive what Nori knots are reading that week be a you know well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean uh you know part of a Nori book club get special access access access access access access access access to Nori events. Go take um um uh like I mean you know uh a look look look look look look look look at patreon.com Nori podcast for what we're offering and in that Spirit of being I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well like I mean you know okay well lean and that startup kind of of of of of of of of way that That, you know, we like to okay so like okay you know know know know know know know know well uh do this list of goodies is subject to change and we'd very very very very very very very very much like your feedback. Okay so you know I mean uh like um. Is there there there there there there there there something that you'd really like to see but it isn't listed here I mean well well well well well well well well I mean so uh like okay honest feedback does a lot to help us us us us us us us us shape what we offer to you. You like I mean like okay I mean I I I I I I I I mean okay can send an email to podcast at Nori.com or fill out our podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast survey anonymously in well uh um um so well you know our newsletter, which you you you you you you you you can find at nor e.com subscribe, and thank you so well I mean like uh I I I I I I I I mean okay I mean much for listening to another season of reversing climate change. Hello and welcome to the reversing climate change.