Welcome everyone to the episode 20. What did I say to ya penitential like well well well well well well well well so okay so I mean I mean good stuff Episode 22 of Darren my fees and and and and and and and and sometimes friends the podcast for like um you know uh okay so like a talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk to people much more interesting than myself. I'm joined today by a a a a a a a a journalist extraordinaire okay okay so okay you know okay um and also freelance. Yes. I'll listen. Listen listen listen listen listen listen listen. So how this one she's got a mortgage. Like um so uh you know uh okay. Okay okay okay okay okay okay okay. I'm on the first amount of often the focus. Thank you thank you thank you you you you you you you you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you very much for for for for for for for for having so you know you know uh uh well you know me alone. We were just just just just just just just just discussing how this is a test of your own uh like um you know know know know know know know know you know I mean so medicine because you run around the world throwing my Mike's in front front front front front front front front of people and go like I mean um uh you know okay you know know know know know know know know on. Give us a call directly. Yeah. No, it's no, it's no, it's no, it's no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, it's no, it's no, it's no, it's weird for me to be I I I I I I I I mean well so like so um okay somebody that answers questions. But here we are. So So So So So So So So I'll give it give it my best like uh well okay you know well well well well well well well well well real lovely. I also feel bad as well because obviously this morning you were okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um uh like uh um on the road. It was on a phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone in or do you have to so well so uh like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay go to Studio ever say it was a phone in from the house. House house house house house house house. So I was okay well uh like like um um reading up everybody who's who's who's who's who's who's who's who's with her International Women's Day events, and I was on really like like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so uh uh well stir with Nelson McCausland talking about whether or not Queen's University was a cold house for unionists and.