Are you are you are you are you are you are you are you you you you you you you you are you going to love this one? I put I put I put I put I put put put put put put put put I put I put I put out so much content that if um like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean uh uh you listen to my stuff for free every single day day day day day day day day if you listen so um I mean uh okay um I mean to one of of of of of of of of my pieces of content, there's over 10 years worth of content. There's well you you you you you you you you know okay so I mean um well over tick like you can listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen to me once a day for 10 uh you know I mean okay well well well well well well well well like like straight years and not have to pay nothing. But guess what happened in those those those those those those those those I mean you know okay okay so I mean well 10 years Cam Cam Cam Cam Cam Cam Cam Cam Newton start listening to me and middle school and high school. Then um I I I I I I I I mean um okay um like uh he went to Auburn and told the coach to come come come come come come come come get me. Then he went I mean well like okay okay okay so to to to to to to to to the pros and told the coach. I got I got I got I got I I I I I I I I got I got I got I got to speak after all these like well so so so so so so so so like well well um kids in the hood who didn't have fathers. I became their father on on on on on on on on Instagram. So so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so you know uh like uh like well when they went to the NBA NBA NBA NBA NBA NBA NBA NBA they Daddy with him when I went to the nfl. Uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so well you know uh. They took they took they took they took they took took took took took took took took they took they took they took their daddy with them when they became became became became became became became became preachers and start a church when uh like uh okay um um like like like like like like like like they became CEOs or execs at companies when they look for a trainer it wasn't that I was.