Hello guys and welcome to the fifth episode of The Forgotten podcast. My name name name name name name name name is I mean um like so I mean well well Kiran Krishnan. And today today today today today today today today I'm joined with swayam and moanin and we hear well so uh like like like like like like like like you know I mean I mean talk about something that is kind of alien to to to to to to to to me. I am I am I am I am I am I am I am I I I I I I I I am not very well you know um okay I mean okay like I'm very very very very very very very very informed on this and it is Anime so guys educate me. Okay, Karen tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell I mean okay um you know like um okay me something. Have you have have have have have have have have you have you have you have you have you have you have you watched Pokémon? Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes here yes here yes here yes here yes here yes here yes here yes here here here here here here here here on there. Yes, you yes, you yes, you yes, you yes, you yes, you yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, you yes, you washed Beyblade. Yes, uh okay um so okay well okay and it was a a a a a a a a culture. Where back where? I when I when we grew up um uh like like like like like like like like well I mean okay you know so we should just hang around and you know oracle oracle oracle oracle oracle oracle oracle oracle 3 2 1 let well I mean like like well um um it rip or whatever, whatever, whatever, whatever, whatever, whatever, whatever, whatever, right? Yeah. So yeah, it was a throwback and nostalgic moment. Yes, um you know well well well well well well well well well like so I mean I have so everyone has actually watched anime when when when when when when when when they were kids. They just don't realize okay like you know well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean it. So it's like shows Pokemon Digimon and Doraemon Shin-chan Ninja hattori. Hattori Hattori Hattori Hattori Hattori Hattori Hattori. They're all enemies now that I think about it. Beyblade was The Craze back when we were in.