Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to welcome to the special edition of between two Blue Devils. It's parent-teacher conferences here at at at at at at at at so uh I mean I mean you know um like Tommy's high school. So I I I I I I I I thought maybe I would go around and do something special uh so like like like like like like like like like um uh um a little bit different going to go around and ask random teachers if if if if if if if if they so you know I mean you know um um so want to to to to to to to to answer a question that my students have written. I'm going to pull like like like like like like like like okay um um well um well a question out of the grab bag. Bag bag bag bag bag bag bag. It's going it's going it's going it's going it's going it's going it's going going going going going going going going it's going to IAM impromptu, they're going you know so so well okay um you you you you you you you you know to answer it and we're going to get some interesting answers. Answers answers answers answers answers answers answers. I'm sure in the you know well like um you know I mean okay meantime, meantime, meantime, meantime, meantime, meantime, meantime, meantime, I want to let you know that tomorrow. We have we have we have have have have have have have have we have we have we have we have we have another official guest and um um um um um um um um um okay you know uh like uh I cannot wait to interview our next guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest here on between two Blue Devils. This individual um like like uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so is awesome. And the and the and the and the and the and and and and and and and and the and the and the story that they're going to share with you is unbelievable. So you you you you you you you you know so well I mean you know I mean well you want to make make make make make make make make sure you tune in this weekend. Make sure you subscribe so you don't miss that episode when it drops got to tell you.