If you struggle to get your workouts in if you want to do some workouts workouts workouts workouts workouts workouts workouts workouts well uh well uh like like like at home, if you are a mom mom mom mom mom mom mom mom with kids and you really really struggle okay you know so um so so so so so so so so so I mean to find the time or if you travel a lot then you need need need need need need need need this plan. Um you know well well well I mean um. Now, I've just released released released released released released released released on been Ogden da Hood at UK. I'll repeat again. I mean I mean I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean like so okay you you you you you you you you know okay so. Been Ogden been Ogden been Ogden been Ogden been Ogden been Ogden Ogden Ogden Ogden Ogden Ogden Ogden Ogden been Ogden been Ogden dot code at UK a home hit plan is a a a a a a a a four-week plan so okay I mean um you know I mean so which consists of of of of of of of of three workouts every single week all different workouts. You also you also you also you you you you you you you you also you also you also you also you also get access you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean so to the audio trainer app. Which has has has has has has has has all video tutorials of how to do every single well well so um so you you you you you you you you know so exercise on the plant. No equipment needed. You might need a sofa you might might might might might might might might so okay like like okay like well get a chair up some point, but very very very very very very very very very very minimal equipment you know um well you know uh okay so and stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff that you can find around the house. And so if you answered yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes so so well well you know I mean you know to any of them them them them them them them them questions at the start go and get the planet is also like okay um you know know know know know know know know like uh you know 50% off at the moment. Once again been Ogden dot Cody UK, UK, UK, UK, UK, UK, UK, UK, welcome to the audio trainer. You're a you're a you're a you're a you're a you're a you're a you're a personal trainer.