Is that a break up break up? I think I think I think I think I think think think think think think think think I think I think I think we have a situation right here. Welcome well well well well well well well well so um um well well okay to The Filling Station a podcast that touches on on on on on on on on breakup stories that people would like to um I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh I mean talk about with your view to give lessons that they they they they they they they they learned from their experiences. I mean uh like uh you know okay you know. Know know know know know know know. We hope you find the stories entertaining but more importantly meaningful given the lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson behind so you know well so uh I mean okay everything we're going to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about today. Now in this episode. We are we are we are we are we we we we we we we we are we are we are we are outside well okay so um you you you you you you you you know well you know the great city of London. I'm not going to to to to to to to to say exactly where but so I mean uh I mean um like you know it is hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella windy here. What is happening here with the weather. Lord knows lord knows lord knows knows knows knows knows knows knows knows lord knows lord knows lord knows lord knows lord knows cheese I mean well well well well well well well well so you know uh uh well it is, you know, I mean, I know know know know know know know know the storm hit and stuff. So like so I mean so you know I mean. People People People People People People People People kind people kind people kind people kind people kind people kind people kind people kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of Penny but this is next level. I am not used to like you you you you you you you you know um I mean so uh okay this. How'd you guys cope? There's another another another another another another another another one coming doesn't just get ready. Let's raise yourself. Um I mean so like like like like like like like like well you know I mean. Let's not let's not let's not let's not let's not let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's not let's not let's not even go there. So this has been a meeting that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's been so like okay you know well uh I mean in the making for God knows knows knows knows knows knows knows knows how long don't you just you know, we keep trying to meet up for this and that just doesn't seem to.