Hey guys, it's Tina from the high of scishow. If you if you if if if if if if if if you if you if you if you if you if you haven't heard about uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh okay uh I mean okay anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a a a a a a podcast. Let me explain. It's a hundred you know well I mean like um well well well well well well well well well percent free this creation tools that allow you to record and edit your your your your your your your your podcast I mean so um um um I mean you know right from your your your your your your your your phone, or you can do it from your computer. Anchor we do you know know know know know know know know okay you know well okay like you know the rest. It's going to distribute your your your your your your your your podcast on most popular platforms, like apple podcast you know okay like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well Google podcast Spotify and many more on top of that. You can actually like like like like like like like like well okay well I mean well um earn money from your podcast with with with with with with with with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to well um okay um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay make a podcast and one place download the free anchor app or go go go go go go go go you know like I mean uh well well uh to Anchor dot f f f f f f f f m-- to get started. You're listening to the high up Sideshow you know you know know know know know know know know so like so so like a podcast that allows people like you and me to to to to to to to to invest our money in the okay so you know uh okay like uh more entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining way. My name is Keen arrivals. I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a photographer by the day, okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know uh so you know I mean but I make most of of of of of of of of my money by flipping cards and this show I'll be like you know okay um um um um um um um um so uh uh sitting down with you and sharing my best practices. You You You You You You You You learn you learn you learn you learn you learn you learn you learn you you you you you you you you learn my process the okay um uh uh okay I mean uh lessons. I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've learned and more importantly who you should be buying sup guys and so you you you you you you you you know I mean so so well okay welcome back to the show. It's your boy. Boy boy boy boy boy boy boy. Keen arrival isn't I'm back today with another episode over the last few days. I've noticed that too.