Hey the hey the hey the hey the hey the hey the hey the hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey the meaning of fans on dressed in rb3 here to talk to um well well well well well well well well well okay um so I mean you about the anchor app. If you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way okay okay uh I mean so you know know know know know know know know okay to make a podcast. Let me let me let me let let let let let let let let me let me let me let me let me tell you why first of of of of of of of of all, you know you know so um I mean like like it's because it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's free. Also, there's a lot of creation tools that allow you so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean um so uh to record and edit your podcast right from from from from from from from from your phone or your computer and anchor will distribute uh you know well well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like your podcast for you. So it could be heard of Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcast Stitcher so like you know okay uh uh okay or any pod catcher out out out out out out out out there. Another thing is you can make money from your I mean well well well well well well well well you know so okay like okay podcast and there's no minimum. Ownership required is is is is is is is is everything you need to make a podcast well so um like um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so all in one place? So check so check so check so check so so so so so so so so check so check so check so check out anchor download the anchor app or or or or or or or or check out okay I mean uh well you know like you know anchor dot f m-- they they they they they they they they have all the information there for you right there. You know you know you you you you you you you you know you know you know you know you know you know like okay well like like like like like like like like I mean okay. So do so do so do so do so do so do so so so so so so so so do so do it, you know, when you do the little like clip or whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever well so well so so like so just do talk about that for like that that that that that that that that like mid break part where you so uh like you know like okay like put like like like like like like like like an ad. Okay. Yeah. Well I can add and then you do the I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like uh so so you know thing and then we get get get get get get get get back into the show. Oh, yeah, whatever. You've been doing that lately. Yeah, he'll yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, he'll yeah, he'll yeah, he'll yeah, he'll yeah, he'll yeah, he'll yeah, he'll do like a little clip of.