If I'm if I'm if I'm if I'm if I'm if I'm if I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm if I'm not having a month where like an exorbitant amount of money comes comes comes comes comes comes comes comes into well like well I mean I mean well so the bank, that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's different compared to my regular normal standard than I feel I mean like I I I I I I I I mean uh uh you know like like a failure and that's like any standard. So So So So So So So So like if it's let's just okay okay well I mean um so so so so so so so so you know say like I was making $5,000 a month or fifty thousand dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars a month like like um so uh well um or 500 like in my mind mind mind mind mind mind mind mind unless we have a month where I'm like uh um I mean um well well well well well well well well uh um tripling it out of nowhere then I didn't succeed. That's stupid. I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't know you you you you you you you you know I mean so you know I mean I mean so why I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't know how to put that stupid. Why do why do why do why do why why why why why why why why do why do why do why do I feel that well um uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like way? Why because you're comparing yourself to the lifestyle lifestyle lifestyle lifestyle lifestyle lifestyle lifestyle lifestyle of people that are way outside uh like um I mean you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know of our means. Yeah. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the business of a podcast. My name name name name name name name name is like um okay well uh so like Lorna Liz love and I am a a a a a a a a success expert transformation strategist business mentor and well okay I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well the owner of a million dollar online Empire. I am I I I I I I I I am I am I am I am I am I am I am obsessed with helping women receive it all in life. And in.