You have not heard about anger. It's the it's the it's the it's the it's the the the the the the the the it's the it's the it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Okay like like like like like like like like like okay well like okay. Let me explain. It's a proof. There are certain certain certain certain certain certain certain certain tools that allow you to um so like uh like so you know record and and and and and and and and edit your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh well um you know your podcast for you. So it can be be be be be be be be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more uh I mean uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. Listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. It's everything you okay um okay I mean so you know well need to to to to to to to to make a podcast in one place. Is arranged is arranged is arranged is arranged is is is is is is is is arranged is arranged is arranged is arranged marriage a scary proposition last year year year year year year year year I mean like um uh well I mean I mean three of my friends had terrible terrible terrible terrible terrible terrible terrible terrible experiences involving arranged marriage in the first experience. You know uh like well so so so so so so so so okay well. The two parties are engaged and right before the wedding the girl told okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know you know so well I mean him that she loves somebody else else else else else else else else in the second experience as a wedding date well you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um approached the girl ran away with her boyfriend in the third experience experience experience experience experience experience experience experience the two well um you know well like I mean you know parties got married, married, married, married, married, married, married, married, but within a month my friend found out that she was still uh well I I I I I I I I mean like so um uh in touch with her ex-boyfriend and probably had an affair affair affair affair affair affair affair affair and asked he so well like okay okay uh you know filed for for for for for for for for divorce right away. Such experience has made me wonder what are the reasons that make people go for an arranged matters on man.