All right, you listen to this podcast right now. London is blue. And And And And And And And And guess and guess and guess and guess and guess and guess and guess and and and and and and and and guess what you know like uh like okay so you know we host our our our our our our our our podcast on anchor dot f m that's right. If you're looking I mean uh you know know know know know know know know so so uh well to host your own podcast. This is the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest free way to get started this got like okay well uh I mean okay um um um um um um um um a Content creation tool allows you to record and the podcast right from a like like like like like like like like okay well you know um okay you know phone. It's right it's right right right right right right right right it's right it's right it's right it's right it's right it's right don't even need need need need need need need need a computer, but you can do it like uh like uh well um so so so so so so so so there too. They'll also they'll also they'll also they'll also they'll also they'll also they'll they'll they'll they'll they'll they'll they'll they'll also they'll also help you distribute it which is probably the most challenging part, well well well well well well well well well um you know um uh uh you know want to mess with that. That that that that that that that. They got you covered and get it like I mean like like well you know know know know know know know know you know right on a Spotify and apple podcast as well as any any any any any any any any other place podcast well okay well so okay you know I mean or founds founds founds founds founds founds founds founds And you know what, you can monetize it to make a little um you know know know know know know know know so you know uh um okay cash for sharing your great content with the world everything. Everything everything everything everything everything everything everything. You need to make I mean like um um so um okay a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast all in one individual place. So, you know what head over to your um um um um um um um um um um okay you know you know I mean app store download the anchor a poor poor poor poor poor poor poor poor head anchored on FM to get started. If you know okay okay um okay like like like like like like like like so you're ready to launch your podcast and make it happen. This is is is is is is is is Reuben of the I mean you know um so you know like um cheek. This This This This This This This This is wien amazing amount. You're listening to the London is blue or cocks. All right, Chelsea fans, welcome back to another episode of your favorite mid-week.