Uncle Si back in the office and in today's video, I'm going to be be be be be be be be explaining I mean uh so you know okay okay okay to each and every single single single single single single single single male out there specifically how to become more masculine to uh um well well you you you you you you you you know well so determine your fate. And the reason why I feel that this is is is is is is is is such an important topic you know uh um so okay uh like is is is is is is is is because people have no idea nowadays how to actually control their Destiny or how I I I I I I I I mean uh uh I mean I mean so so to actually control their their their their their their their their fate so that way they're in control of what they would like uh um you you you you you you you you know um uh okay um and as a man this is important to to to to to to to to your success. This is this is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this is this is ridiculously important to so um uh okay so you know you you you you you you you you know your happiness. And not only that if you want to become a man of value value value value value value value value like well well so I mean okay like so that way other men or or or or or or or or other people in general can lean on you. You're okay you're okay you're okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you're okay you're okay you're okay you're okay you're okay um so well I mean you you you you you you you you know uh going to have to learn this. So here's the deal. If you if if if if if if if if you if you if you if you if you if you if you don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't have a like so well um um um so very high attention span, if if if if if if if if you're a person who cannot sit there and um so so well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay focus for two to five minutes, you're not going to do very well. Well well well well well well well. Okay, you okay, you okay, you okay, you okay, you okay, you okay, you you you you you you you you okay, you know I mean like okay um okay okay because this video might take me me me me me me me me a little bit to explain so grab a pen uh uh um um um um um um um um um uh so you know grab a paper. If you if you if you if if if if if if if if you if you if you if you if you can't take five to ten ten ten ten ten ten ten ten minutes to learn this material you're going to be seriously flawed when it comes to the real.