Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to the Gathering Place with blessed is she I'm Jeanna giese are and and and and and and and and I'm so you know you know okay okay like you know Beth Davis pull up a a a a a a a a chair and grab a drink or you could just keep I mean so um so so so so so so so so um uh like doing what you're doing pull up a chair in in in in in in in in your heart come chat with us so you know uh okay I mean well well well well well well well well like about Jesus prayer community and life. So let's get started. Hi Jenna. Hi beth. Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth. So good um so um so well so uh to see you my friend. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's been too long. Tell me about it since last you know uh like like um like well well well well well well well well week when we recorded together. That's right Jenna. I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited to introduce sister on used to to to to to to to to you know well well well like okay you know say welcome sister. Thank you so much much much much much much much much Beth. It's a delight to be like uh well you know I mean so like like like like like like like like with you. I mean, it's a delight for me. I'm just thrilled to see see see see see see see see you again uh like well okay um well I mean because we were together together together together together together together together and Ireland sisters. She just raving about you. I almost I almost I I I I I I I I almost I almost I almost I almost I almost I almost uh well like like like like like like like like like so so you know thought I'd be replaced and her best friend category. Category category category category category category category. Probably really did nothing can ever separate the bond. That's what would instantly recognize between the two.