With traffic errands and parking cars can be a chore but a great car um um um um um um um um uh so so okay I mean okay can be an adventure a getaway and a a a a a a a a prized possession whatever your budget you know so um I mean like okay I I I I I I I I mean or family require. There's a car out there. You'll love we're here to to to to to to to to help you like I mean um I mean you know okay I mean find it. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Todd. I'm Paul I'm Paul I'm Paul I'm Paul I'm Paul I'm Paul Paul Paul Paul Paul Paul Paul Paul I'm Paul I'm Paul and this is the everyday driver car debate. I okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I okay I okay I okay I okay I okay I okay I okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean so uh am so happy for you that you got the Lotus Lotus Lotus Lotus Lotus Lotus Lotus Lotus out the heating pads you know so uh uh um um okay weren't you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're happy for me. I'm thrilled for you're happy for me. Honestly driving. Sports you know know know know know know know know like um um you know um you know cars in the winter sort sort sort sort sort sort sort sort of revelatory isn't out but just driving it period okay like um okay well well well well well well well well uh um it honestly I last started it the day after Christmas because I had had had had had had had had to get it well uh okay you know well I mean like out of of of of of of of of the garage and having some work done start start. I'm trying to so I mean you you you you you you you you know uh okay you know well wrap my head around this you started started started started started started started started it last night started was the uh uh so uh you know I mean like like like like like like like like day after Christmas. So that's been like what three months as of this report. Report report report report report report report. I mean um I mean I mean you know uh you know. Last time. It moved moved moved moved moved moved moved moved was a month before that. Oh my gosh. So the like well um well well well well well well well well okay so like tires by the way, where there's one thing. I mean I I I I I I I I could tell I mean I mean well uh uh um so mean granted it's not a heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy car is true. I could tell that the tires needed a kind of they needed to go in a circle for a bit.