It is it is it is it is it is it is it is is is is is is is is it is time to take a bomp Danny calm down. It's time to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about so uh uh okay you know I mean I mean anchor our new podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast platform. The easiest way to make a podcast that is a good I mean I I I I I I I I mean like okay okay you know uh point and gives you everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you need in one place for free and you uh um uh you know so so so so so so so so uh well can use it right from your phone or computer at anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor you can record and so okay like um like so so edit and make make make make make make make make everything that you put down on your podcast sound as good as my uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well I mean um okay um well voice or you can upload a podcast that that that that that that that that you might have recorded on another application. Also you also you also you also also also also also also also also you also you also you also you also you know okay like you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like ankle will distribute your podcast for you so it can Be Be Be Be Be Be Be Be heard everywhere okay um um um so you know so Spotify Apple podcast Google Google Google Google Google Google Google Google podcasts and many more. You can make easy money for your podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well you know I mean so. I'm talking I'm talking I'm talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking I'm talking I'm talking I'm talking I'm talking I'm talking about real real real real real real real real easy money with anchor right? No minimum listenership required download the well um like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh like anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- right now. Now now now now now now now. Yeah Melvin's you know okay you know so um like um broadcasting at a combined weight of 370 pounds representing Boston, Massachusetts. They are the podcast world's movie.