Tony you know, what's really exciting about about this podcast. It's going on. Well, you you you you you you you you know well so okay um um like it's the Partnerships that we've had and and coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming up in May of our Partnerships are um well well uh um um um going going going going going going going going to be under one tent do yeah. I'm so excited. I mean this like like like like like like like like um um uh so I mean like is I think the first time ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever right we able to combine everybody together and uh okay okay well I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well it's awesome. Right? So while we're at hair Love retreat in May we're going going going going going going going going well I mean I mean uh you know so um to be be be be be be be be we're going to be there with schedule. Is he going to be a salon? uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I uh I uh I uh I uh I uh I uh I uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean you know um you know Because of course we going going going going going going going going to be there with her love Retreats. We really so I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh so Mega excited about that and we have Elizabeth here and Elizabeth is going to to to to to to to to tell um uh like like um so um us like all the details because schedule acidity acidity acidity acidity acidity acidity acidity acidity in the very schedule is City well uh well I mean okay um like way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, they're going to schedule a city cares giveaway. Yeah, they're going to give away well well well well well well well well uh well you know okay well you know a ticket to handle of retreat retreat retreat retreat retreat retreat retreat retreat and Miss Elizabeth phase want to give us all the juicy well well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean well well details. Welcome Miss Elizabeth and today's so I'm so so so so so so so so excited schedule is to be okay so so um so well uh so generous to to to to to to to to do this. Anyone can enter even if you've gotten a ticket, it doesn't matter its chosen at random.