Hey everyone, so I wanted to take a second to just tell you a a a a a a a a little you know you know uh um you know well okay bit about anchor it's the the the the the the the the app that I use to record my podcasts. I mean uh um okay like like like like like like like like so okay. I absolutely I absolutely I absolutely I absolutely I absolutely I absolutely I I I I I I I I absolutely I absolutely love it. It's completely free. There. Are these really awesome creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation okay um like I mean um okay like tools that allow you to record and and and and and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or your like um so I I I I I I I I mean okay okay okay computer and anchor distribute your podcast for you. So you you you you you you you you so you so you so you so you so you so you so you can can can can can can can can hear it like like well uh like so I mean on Spotify Apple podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts and many other platforms you are able to make money from well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know so so uh your podcast. You don't need to have a minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. And it's just really everything you know okay like I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay that you need to make a podcast in one place. So I find you you you you you you you you know well so um like uh so it really useful and accessible and really helpful. Helpful helpful helpful helpful helpful helpful helpful. You can download the free so um I mean uh um like you know know know know know know know know anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm telling you you know um well like I mean I mean I mean it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's just like the easiest way to get your feet wet and jump into into into into into into into into well so uh well well okay um creating your own podcast. I love it. It it it it it it it. I'm going in search of witches witches, which is I guess you found me out, huh?.