What's happening Hearts Capers? This is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this is this is this is episode 26 of the how to Hardscape podcast okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean well like like where we talk to you about how you you you you you you you you can start and grow your hardscaping well um like uh like uh well business in in in in in in in in this week. We are going to be tackling a marketing week. That means well um um um um um um um um I mean um you know well you know every day this week. You are are are are are are are are likely going to get an episode based like so you know I mean you know know know know know know know know you know okay on the topic of marketing. So we've got a lot of value value value value value value value value come and actually uh okay uh uh so okay I mean this week is starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting with today's episode is Mark Morrison. Mark is mark is mark is mark is mark is is is is is is is is mark is mark is mark is actually a I mean I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um okay longtime friend of mine. He works for Intrigue media and and and and and and and and he's here to talk so like well uh so like so with us about acquiring acquiring acquiring acquiring acquiring acquiring acquiring acquiring the right type of Clients for your business not just any um so okay like like like like like like like like well uh you know clients, but the best clients into your business. How do do do do do do do do how do how do how do how do how do how do how do do do do do do do do I identify them okay okay so you know okay okay so and how to to to to to to to to get them into your business as leads and where to well so you know know know know know know know know so uh um you know take it from there? So an awesome interview coming up up up up up up up up with Mark Morris and here. Uh um well so I mean okay like. So So So So So So So So without further Ado here is our interview with Mark Morrison today. I'm joined well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know um I mean you know by Mark Morrison. He is he is he he he he he he he he is he is he is he is he is he is a business development development development development development development development development manager for intrigued media a digital you know you know okay well you know know know know know know know know um well marketing services provider for businesses in Canada Marcus actually a longtime friend of mine, and he's here to talk with us.