Welcome to another episode of the top 10s podcast daily top 10 well like well you you you you you you you you know um uh well lists. I'm your host Simon and in today's episode. This is is is is is is is is the audio version um uh so um um okay well of video that that that that that that that that we originally published on YouTube here for your listening convenience. If uh uh um like well well well well well well well well so well you like this show, please do consider leaving us a review or ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever get your um well so well okay like so podcasts. That would be awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler um you know uh uh I I I I I I I I mean um well you're watching top 10 internet. And in the video today, we're looking at the top top top top top top top top well okay well you know so well so 10 real-life spy bungles on on on on on on on on the 21st of July 1973 Israeli agents of The Mossad killed I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um uh uh uh a waiter in Lillehammer Norway seeking revenge for the 1972 1972 1972 1972 1972 1972 1972 1972 Munich Olympics Massacre well well so um you know you know so of of of of of of of of Israeli athletes. The hapless victim was innocent and had nothing to do with the I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh so so uh uh okay terrorist attack. And the murder was just another another another another another another another another blunder by a country attempting to conduct like so uh I mean you know know know know know know know know I mean so Spy Games over the years there have been some egregious Errors Errors Errors Errors Errors Errors Errors Errors By secret agencies and like uh you know um uh okay um here we we we we we we we we have 10 of those Biggest Oops moments just before you get into the list. List list list list list list list. Okay so okay so okay so okay so okay so okay so okay so so so so so so so so okay so you know like okay I mean uh. I will say that this is a collaboration with dr. Matthews has acne of history and headlines.com. So go over to.