Hey before we go to this podcast. Let me say a few things things things things things things things things about well like I mean so uh um okay the mentorship group as Leaders. We We We We We We We We know that we need the wisdom of like I mean so so uh you know know know know know know know know so a mentor to help us focus on what matters and avoid costly mistakes yet, yet, yet, yet, yet, yet, yet, yet, too I mean okay I mean I mean I mean you know uh often often often often often often often often finding that person. We trust and whose experienced is impossible. And then and and and and and and and and then and then and then and then and then and then and then if um like like like like like like like like you know well uh uh well we do find them then on the other other other other other other other other side of the world or is so so I mean so I mean so so so so so so so so uh too expensive or they just don't have the time. I've been I've been I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been mentoring people now for for for for for for for for you know uh okay like um well like over 30 years in a one-on-one one-on-one one-on-one one-on-one one-on-one one-on-one one-on-one one-on-one basis and at the start of this year. I've okay like like well I mean so so so so so so so so so been thinking a lot about how I can mentor more people how I can can can can can can can can well well well okay okay okay okay help more people. So I have created created created created created created created created an online community called the mentorship group okay um uh uh I mean like well here. Here here here here here here here. You'll be able to join me live for monthly group mentorship sessions. You can can can can can can can can well so you know okay well um like ask me questions anything you like whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever you are in the world for a fraction I mean like um well well well well well well well well uh uh you know of the cost that this would be in. One-to-one mentorship situation. You can be part of this new intimate conversational.