Everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone welcome back to a conversation with the boys. You did. I'm them and I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay so uh I'm Johan and this week. We've got a new segment, segment, segment, segment, segment, segment, segment, segment, I guess. Yeah, so I uh okay okay like like so so guess we're going to to to to to to to to try and just talk about something reason that's happened I mean uh okay you know know know know know know know know well I mean uh in the news and I think the bigger story story story story story story story story which we thought was kind like you know well well like okay I mean of of of of of of of of entertaining was Donald Trump and Modi had a little chat together. So Trump well you you you you you you you you know you know you know uh you know uh went to India. Oh, yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes Trump went to India and then when he was there, you know well okay um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well I mean, okay look before we These I know everyone like beats you know know know know know know know know um um I mean you know you know I mean up on Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump all the time and we've tried to avoid it because they like well well you you you you you you you you know so I mean like okay to be boring right now. I want want want want want want want want to hear about this. Yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but this like like um I mean um um um um um um um um uh you know is hilariously like this is hilarious. So I so I so so so so so so so so I so I so I so I so I so I think I think everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone would have seen the so so um you know like uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean movie names and stuff. You're talking about Sachin Tendulkar and Virat Kohli, right? right right right right right right right Yeah, I mean I mean I mean you know like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay and I mean like he tried his hardest to get there like to to to to to to to to talk uh you know so I mean okay I mean okay about them, which is is is is is is is is good. I mean who's having a leave the most unqualified person okay okay I I I I I I I I mean uh well okay you know to talk about Cricket? Yeah. That's very very true. But man he butchered be fucking me push it. Okay, you said.