Hey friends, welcome to another episode of that sounds fun. I'm your host an EF EF EF EF EF EF EF EF down. Uh so okay I mean um I mean well. So happy to be be be be be be be be here with you today the music in the background, um okay uh well well well well well well well well I mean well okay you know, it's from our good buddy. Mr Toren mr mr mr mr mr mr mr mr Toren mr Toren mr Toren mr Toren mr Toren mr Toren mr Toren Wells make sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure you grab a so um okay uh I mean um so copy of his new new new new new new new new album citizen of Heaven. Hey friend. Just wanted to so uh okay okay well well well well well well well well so well thank you for your kindness to Dave Kevin and his wife Jill Jill Jill Jill Jill Jill Jill Jill this week continue so uh I mean like so okay um to send your your your your your your your your love prayers. And if you would like to donate to help them so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know well it's again at pray for Jill.com. They on they on they they they they they they they they on they on they on they on they on they on the show is is is is is is is is one of my favorite like so so like I mean I mean you know the the the the the the the the one of the OG bloggers one of the original people that were writing you know know know know know know know know um okay I mean well so uh in our space one of my favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite friend. She's just hilarious Melanie Shankle. She's so so I mean so well you know know know know know know know know uh a New York Times bestseller and her most recent book just came out well you you you you you you you you know I mean I mean okay so you know last week if called called called called called called called called on the bright side and it is excellent. We jumped you know okay you know know know know know know know know so well you know uh right in we haven't caught up in a little bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit and I think uh okay well you know I mean um you know you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're going to enjoy just to proper catch up between good friends. So here's so here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's so here's so here's so here's so here's so here's so here's a conversation with.