You have tuned into Irish Illustrated Insider. I'm Tim Priester with Tim Tim Tim Tim Tim Tim Tim Tim O'Malley you know well you know uh so like uh to man man man man man man man man Booth today on Monday, March 2nd snorting spring drills. Begin this Thursday, March you you you you you you you you know I mean well so um uh okay 5th or reminder to everybody. Everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody. We will be having another podcast on Friday, March 6th. I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean okay um um um um um um um um you know okay you know so. And as we go through the spring, there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's going to be a break again after you know um well um okay like um that first first first first first first first first practice, but as we go through the spring, we will try to hit like like like like like like like like so uh well so like uh as many podcasts as we can. Take a relief following following following following following following following following practices that are open you know okay so uh okay so I mean to the media media media media media media media media how many we have Tim we have five open by Focus and so I I I I I I I I mean I mean well I mean like you know the Beauties. They're all full because that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's yeah. Yeah, there's yeah, there's yeah, there's yeah, there's yeah, there's yeah, there's yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, there's yeah, there's and in the new facility, like so I I I I I I I I mean I mean like um I mean so we'll have an opportunity. We'll have a a a a a a a a much better vantage point. I think we you know so like like so so so so so so so so so I mean mentioned that last podcast well take two hours to get a or an an an an an an an an hour okay you know um well you know well so to get her practice practice practice practice practice practice practice practice report out afterwards either because you can do a little okay um well uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay bit on your computer, right? Yeah, actually, yeah, you're actually set up and can can can can can can can can well uh okay well um you know um actually work. So we're so we're so we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're looking forward to that before we get into spring practice and all that.