Before we before we before we before we before we before we before before before before before before before before we before we get started today. I just I just I just I just I I I I I I I I just I just I just I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly well so like um um like well about Spotify on Spotify. You can can can can can can can can you can you can you can you can you can you can you you you you you you you you can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcast and uh okay I I I I I I I I mean okay like I mean so one place that's for free. You don't you don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't even need a a a a a a a a premium account and that is well I mean okay I mean okay you know know know know know know know know um great because let's face it. We are all trying to save a little little little little little little little little bit I mean you know like so okay you know well these days. So with so so so so so so so so with so with so with so with so with so with so with Spotify, you you you you you you you you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss like I mean okay like you you you you you you you you know uh like an episode you can share whatever you're listening to with your your your your your your your your friends on Instagram and well so so so like like you know premium users users users users users users users users can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever you uh well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so um uh are if you're like me, you probably have too many. The apps apps apps apps apps apps apps apps downloaded already I mean well you know okay I mean so well but but but but but but but but this one is actually useful. So if so if so if so if so so so so so so so so if so if so if so if you haven't done so already download download download download download download download download the Spotify okay uh um like um so you know app search for your your your your your your your your favorite podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts in the you are well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like um I mean well Library tab. Also, make sure to follow us us us us us us us us on there. So you never miss an um I mean um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay episode of optimal living advice. That being that being that being that being being being being being being being being that being that being that being that being said, let's get into today's episode. Episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. Hello, everybody so you know you know okay like so like Welcome to to to to to to to to episode 46 of optimal living advice to podcast where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.