It's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's a truth business Airbnb or otherwise, if you don't have customers you don't I I I I I I I I mean uh uh like like uh I mean have a business but with Airbnb and and and and and and and and gets worse because you have expenses. Okay you okay you okay you okay you okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you okay you okay you okay you know you know I mean you know you you you you you you you you know um. If you if you if you if you if you if you if if if if if if if if you if you don't have customers you will quickly lose money and eventually have I I I I I I I I mean okay um like well you know so to close up shop. Here's what what what what what what what what to do. If you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if if if if if if if if you're if you're not getting bookings you know okay okay so okay you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh 8 strategies to revitalize your listing make your offer more appealing and to get back back back back back back back back okay I mean like I mean um I mean uh in search results ultimately winning you you you you you you you you more bookings and possibly at a higher price point taking like um like um um um um um um um um so you know I mean you from the red into the black black black black black black black black with your air B&B. This is Sean well um I mean um you know well well well well well well well well you know Rocky GH with Airbnb automated and let's talk about how to get get you you you you you you you you more bookings. Welcome um welcome um welcome um welcome um welcome um welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome um welcome um welcome um uh okay well you know I mean uh back are being being being being being being being being the family these eight strategies will get you more bookings and okay so um you know know know know know know know know okay so so I'm going to order them and level of difficulty / a level level level level level level level level of commitment I mean well so well so uh like or permanence. Some Some Some Some Some Some Some Some of these are going to be super simple to implement. They're just just just just just just just just they're just they're just they're just they're just they're just they're just they're just just just just just just just just going um well okay okay like um okay to be a couple of small changes. Some Some Some Some Some Some Some Some of them will require some uh so uh so uh um well deep thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought some might even require a little bit of investment and this will really so so so so so so so so so okay okay you know so okay depend on why you're not getting bookings which ones that you'll implement. But by the end.