Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello and welcome to patch and this is a podcast. That's about OverWatch. I'm always okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay okay so like I mean amazed with much League hosting skills, huh? I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm always amazed with your hosting skills. Okay I mean I mean I mean you know know know know know know know know well so. I mean, I wasn't really listening to you. I was I was I I I I I I I I was I was I was I was I was I was tuning you out. I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've um so so I mean you know well like already listened to you enough the last last last last last last last last two days, but welcome. We have a lot okay so so so you know well well well well well well well well I mean of stuff to go over today. Not really because we just watch watch watch watch watch watch watch watch the same teams um you know well you know you know like you know know know know know know know know play for the last five weeks, but we got hero pools now. Yeah. Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks I mean um well I mean uh you know okay both of you on the ends. The The The The The The The The fuck do I was listening back well um so I mean um well like to to to to to to to to the companion stream and you were like, oh, it's not that um um um you you you you you you you you know you know I mean uh bad right on this pan. So now you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're actually targeting me during the you know uh well you know well um um um um um um um um I mean podcast when I saw you live say I did not that bad. Bad bad bad bad bad bad bad. But well well so so so like so what I'm doing is I'm trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying to dig into your own insecurities about picking rhino. Um okay um okay um um um um um um um um okay um okay um okay um okay um okay um okay um um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know so. I'm so happy about it. Yeah hiring happy with my selections about about about about about about about about you. You were the worst I like you know uh uh you know okay um um um um um um um um couldn't think of to like, I woke up this morning. I thought about it. I was like all I play is hitscan Heroes.