I was broke unemployed. I was starting to slouch I was sleeping in the the the the the the the the basement you know you know you know like uh like you know on my mama's mama's mama's mama's mama's mama's mama's mama's new couch. That's when I heard it all a chance to skirt. You You You You You You You You know uh okay you know you know um um. It all a money like my my my my my my my my last girl. He knees he knees he knees he knees he knees he knees he knees knees knees knees knees knees knees knees he knees are shot. The um the um the um the um the the the the the the the the um the um the um the um I mean uh so well uh so top graphic cards cards cards cards cards cards cards cards got a power supply on microprocessor a motherboard a towering drive. You know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so like I mean you know uh. I put the ram in the ram ram ram ram ram ram ram ram slots driving the larger Bay topped so you know well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh it off too fast. Like a Chargers game like 2:30 I missed missed missed missed missed missed missed missed out. I well well um um well um you know fear cruelly assemble assemble assemble assemble assemble assemble assemble assemble a rig like a BP engineer. My friends and family like uh um you know know know know know know know know uh I mean well smile is working on make fun of me, but I'm a a a a a a a a make them eat okay um so okay well you know um their words because I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't know really going billionaire spending money. Like I don't well okay okay I mean like like like like like like like like um so care mining corn in my underwear. I'm gonna be a Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin billionaire selecting software and okay uh you know like you know uh uh reading the the the the the the the the notes. I'm picking out my favorite - like a Penn State coach Rick like you you you you you you you you know um okay okay like well me and digital wallet for holding all my mouth to to to to to to to to read up on all the ways to open. Lots of accounts be like Tom Brady. I got a fear.