Hey everyone, welcome to episode 2 of the bestie breakdown with Erica and Shay. I okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay so well like okay have just some random stuff. I want want want want want want want want us to talk about before we talk about uh uh like um uh um um um um um um um um like like life. So last episode we both talked about how we were were were were were were were were okay I mean you know uh um like well reading the Jessica Simpson book open book shay. Shay Shay Shay Shay Shay Shay Shay. My question my question my question my question my question my question my question question question question question question question question my question is no spoilers. We don't have like I mean well well well well well well well well well I mean I mean you know to say anything in case you haven't read but we we we we we we we we totally recommend it Shea so well uh I mean I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh tell me if you would rather be Nick Lachey or John Mayer after reading reading reading reading reading reading reading reading Jessica's so uh you know um so uh I mean back home - if I were John Mayer, Mayer, Mayer, Mayer, Mayer, Mayer, Mayer, Mayer, I would be under a uh I mean I mean you know you know know know know know know know know I mean you know rock right now. I even I even I even I even even even even even even even even I even I even I even I even went to his Instagram account. I I I I I I I I don't follow him just like well well like uh well like to see see see see see see see see if people were commenting. That's like that's like that's like that's like that's like that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's like that's like that's like the rabbit hole. I went I went I went went went went went went went went I went I went I went I went I went down okay okay like like like like like like like like I mean so like well when I read this but that bad it's not that that that that that that that that bad. I went to okay well uh um I mean I mean um his his his his his his his his Instagram because I don't know in my head as I'm reading the book. I'm like Shirley on his Instagram. All the comments are.