What's up, y'all? It's the host of from Mount Olympus your boys do see like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean I mean okay um like Triple do see you you you you you you you you you want to shoot podcasts. You want you want you want you want you want want want want want want want want want you want you want you want you want to talk about some things well well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well um uh you want to tell some stories. You want you you you you you you you you you want you want you want you want you want you want you want you you you you you you you you you want to crack jokes and be a well okay like like uh so um um um um um um um um um um comedian. You just want to broadcast some stuff download anchor podcast to your your your your your your your your your okay well so okay I mean uh uh um mobile device is free and and and and and and and and and it's easy to use. You can record so you know so like um um um um um um um um um um I mean uh while you're at home. You can record on the go. Some Some Some Some Some Some Some Some Some of you you so well like I mean I mean I mean like so travel for for for for for for for for for work and you travel far distances, you can record while on the I I I I I I I I I mean I mean um you know like you know so uh road road road road road road road road road you don't have to do it at home and it's easy to use you you you you you you you you you I mean okay so okay like like I mean uh just recorded episode you publish publish publish publish publish publish publish publish publish it. It uploads all the platforms that you want to well um so like like like like like like like like like so like um like use it to and boom. You've got a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast in your voices out there. So well well um you know you know well well well well well well well well well uh um download anchor podcasts. Like I said, it's free and it's easy to use.