Hey dance, hey dance, hey dance, hey dance, hey dance, hey dance, hey dance, dance, dance, dance, dance, dance, dance, dance, dance, hey dance, hey dance, like files fans. I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here here here here here here here here here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here to talk about anchor why why why why why why why why why because it's okay well so so so I mean you know okay the the the the the the the the the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain number one. It's free. It's so you know know know know know know know know know like like uh like okay you know free. It's free. I could I could could could could could could could could could I could I could I could I could I could I could I could could could could could could could could could stop there. But let's go on there's creation tools so like I mean well like like like like like like like like like you know well like that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from from from from from from from from from your phone or I mean like okay like I mean well uh okay computer. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So can so can so can so can so so so so so so so so so can so can so can so can so can be heard on okay um um um um um um um um um well you know uh um you know I mean Spotify Apple podcast and many many many many many many many many many many more. Seriously, there's places my podcast is on. I've uh I've uh I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've uh I've uh I've uh I've uh I've uh I've uh I've uh um um um um um um um um um you know well uh um I mean okay never heard of thanks. Anchor you anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor you anchor you anchor you anchor you anchor you anchor you anchor you anchor you you you you you you you you you can make money from your podcast with no minimum uh I mean so like like like like like like like like like well um so uh listenership. It's everything. You need you need you need you need need need need need need need need need you need you need you need you need you need to make make make make make make make make make a podcast in one place. I get asked a um you know uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so um like um lot can I'm thinking of starting a podcast. Well, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, I'm telling you start that well so um well you know well um like podcast with with with with with with with with with anchor download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- to uh so well well okay like well you know get started today. The following following following following following following following following following the following the following the following the following the following the following the following the the the the the the the the the following is a presentation of morning drive media broadcasting from beautiful Burbank, California. This is an.