What's up, everybody? Emiliano man's emiliano man's emiliano man's emiliano man's emiliano man's emiliano man's man's man's man's man's man's man's man's man's emiliano man's emiliano man's emiliano man's in here? And I just want to give give give give give give give give give a okay like well well I mean so you know you know quick shout-out shout-out shout-out shout-out shout-out shout-out shout-out shout-out shout-out and a quick thank you to everybody who tuned in and listening to uh so so so so so so so so so I mean okay well okay you know you know my podcast and minor Manson Manson Manson Manson Manson Manson Manson Manson Manson podcast every week. What made me want to start a well like well um um um um um um um um um um you know uh so podcast you ask? Well when I was trying to to to to to to to to to get this one off um so well like so um you know well the the the the the the the the the ground. He know me. I had a lot of questions basic simple questions. I mean I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean um um um um um um um um um well you know um like okay I mean. Like how do I record an episode? episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode How do I get my show into you know okay okay like well uh so um um um um um um um um um like All the apps all the major markets. Is it even possible to um I I I I I I I I I mean uh you know well okay okay I mean make money from my my my my my my my my my podcast? Well, I got the answer ladies and gentlemen, it was okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know uh you know uh uh okay very simple anchor Anchor. Yeah, man. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting and well like so okay I mean well well well well well well well well well I mean uh distributing your podcast and you ain't even got to pay nothing. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's all well uh well uh you know you know you know okay free. Free free free free free free free free. It's 100% free and it's so easy to use so easy. And now and and and and and and and and and now and now and now and now and now and now and now and now anchor they can.