Welcome to episode 1 of version final a podcast about where ideas come from. Today's Today's Today's Today's Today's Today's Today's Today's Today's I today's I today's I today's I today's I today's I today's I I I I I I I I I today's I today's I mean okay uh like you know well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay guest is Xavier Tio Dave is the executive creative director at cnx leading a a a a a a a a a team so uh um okay uh so well I mean of talented creative designers and and and and and and and and and producers. He's worked he's worked he's worked he's worked he's worked he's worked worked worked worked worked worked worked worked worked he's worked he's worked he's worked at agencies all over the world starting okay like like like like like like like like like like well I mean like you know so at Ogilvy and Singapore before working at modernista modernista modernista modernista modernista modernista modernista modernista modernista in Boston and anomaly in New York well so I mean okay I mean like like like like like like like like like like I mean and then joining Conde Nast. I hear he's also a fine artist artist artist artist artist artist artist artist artist electronic music okay okay you know I mean I mean uh you know so Aficionado Aficionado Aficionado Aficionado Aficionado Aficionado Aficionado Aficionado Aficionado and an all-around good guy and he'll be our co-host from time to time time time time time time time time time throughout uh well I mean so okay well okay okay version final final final final final final final final final here are a couple highlights from our conversation. We talked we talked we talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked we talked we talked we talked we talked we talked we talked about uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know I mean well okay so how they became interested in advertising advertising advertising advertising advertising advertising advertising advertising advertising when he was young. And suddenly this is uh um you know well you know know know know know know know know know uh um you know guy who came into the scene and we all all all all all all all all all know who he is, which is I mean like okay I mean like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know Michael Jordan and I was really young. I was a teen teen teen teen teen teen teen teen teen I was looking at this guy. Who's that? Oh my God. This guy's amazing. I'll.