Hey y'all, welcome to revive podcast. I'm your host Hannah OD worn in this okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so so um well so um podcast. I hope I hope I I I I I I I I I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope to to to to to to to to to emphasize truth on the reality of being restored to life like you know um I I I I I I I I I mean um uh you know I mean again through stories testimonies and casual conversation. Conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation. Always real always real always real always real always real always real always real real real real real real real real real always real always real never perfect and most of okay I mean um you you you you you you you you you know you know well like uh the time messy. Thanks for thanks for thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for for for for for for for for for listening and enjoy the show. Alright. Hey everybody I mean um um um like like like like like like like like like like so like today. I have I have I have I have I have I have have have have have have have have have I have I have I have my good friend will with me on the the the the the the the the the show. What up, what up, what up, what up, what up, what up, what up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, what up, what up, so so so you know uh I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay he is from Texas. Yeah good to have a fellow Southerner here with me. I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I I I I I I I I I mean uh you know you know okay so like like. That's right. But today we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're just going to be talking about dating and well so like so um you you you you you you you you you know like uh especially in the Christian world and what that looks like like like like like like like like like is that good sounds fantastic. I so I so I so I so I so I I I I I I I I I so I so I so I so you know uh well you know know know know know know know know know okay so you know uh just tell me a little bit about yourself to start start start start start start start start start off in like tell me like how you got to Bethel and everything like that. Oh gosh.