Movers Netter movers Netter movers Netter movers Netter movers Netter movers Netter movers Netter Netter Netter Netter Netter Netter Netter Netter Netter movers Netter movers Netter just talking to teachers talking to teachers about academic academic academic academic academic academic academic academic academic research and evidence-based so so uh uh so I mean well I mean practice practice practice practice practice practice practice practice practice with continuing professional development at PNA 1977 on Twitter is Netter. Just talking to um um um um um um um um um so uh well okay like you know like teachers welcome to this week's Dale is NASA NASA NASA NASA NASA NASA NASA NASA NASA in association with the teacher development trusts well well okay well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay and now proudly sponsored by John Kat educational. So we have a strip Back Back Back Back Back Back Back Back Back you know uh well like okay you know I mean uh Lean podcast this week. Week week week week week week week week. So there is no teacher development trusts section or uh um uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like so so the usual podcast pedagogy section where it's me and Rings into music music music music music music music music music film and books. Okay you know um um uh uh um well. They will return return return return return return return return return next week. So it's just stripped back to feature me and the well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean so like wonderful ormer Akbar in conversation. And the reason for for for for for for for for for this strict back podcast is that you know so like you know you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I'm recording especially early in the week this week because I have just just just just just just just just just been uh um um um like I mean I mean okay recording a couple of of of of of of of of of Epic podcast. So as I'm speaking to you now have literally just got off the phone to Daisy Krista.