You're listening to a purple Radio podcast with me probably share our for for for for for for for for for rights reasons so you know okay okay so like so like the music in in in in in in in in in this podcast is shorter than the original version on demand. So um so um um um um um um um um um so um so um so um so um so um so um so um um um um um um um um um um you know okay well you know so I mean a big warm welcome to to to to to to to to to my guests on the show tonight and a Colgan well okay I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so and loose and Berkeley the InStep presidents your oh, yeah, and of of of of of of of of of course, we've okay you know you know you know like well so um got a a a a a a a a a lot of things to talk about We're not gonna get into well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so um I mean like it just straight away no first. Of all all all all all all all all all just tell us about yourselves okay um you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh um and ye introduce yourself to listeners at home. I know I know know know know know know know know know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know know know know know know know know know you very well, but obviously I mean like so I mean um um um um um um um um um um uh well people at home though. So yeah. Okay, I'll go first. Hi. I'm Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah Colgan I mean like so well so well like like a second year from Hill Hill Hill Hill Hill Hill Hill Hill Hill bead studying physical geography from London. Yeah, that's it. Um I mean um like like like like like like like like like like you know like okay. That's great. That's great. That's perfect. That's what you wanted and you you you you you you you you you lose it. Hi. I mean okay I mean well uh like well I mean. Mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean. I'm Lucy. I said, I'm not sure Sciences. I'm also a second-year student from Hill beard. Me and Hannah live next door to each their last year. Yeah, and.