All right, I hate doing this but we got to pay the bills and and and and and and and and and I like well okay uh uh well like so don't know how you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're listening to this podcast right now. Thank you for listening by you know you you you you you you you you you know well like uh well uh I mean the way, but if you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to um uh like so um like okay well well well well well well well well well make a podcast. I know I know I know I know I know I I I I I I I I I know I know I know I know everybody's been locked up during this quarantine quarantine quarantine quarantine quarantine quarantine quarantine quarantine quarantine and so so um I mean well you know so well a few people have have have have have have have have have reached out to me and asked for advice on how to okay well well well well well well well well well like uh uh so uh um get their podcast started or distribute it out there there there there there there there there there and anchors the best way to well I mean so so you know well well well well well well well well well well I mean do it. It's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record record record record record record record record record and edit the um I mean well like I mean I mean uh well well well well well well well well well podcast, right? Your phone or your computer? You can have your fans leave messages. Messages messages messages messages messages messages messages messages. Thank um so I mean like like like like okay you to those of you you you you you you you you you that have been doing that by the way, um like like uh like like like like like like like like like like like so keep them come and keep harassing us and anchor will distribute the podcast for for for for for for for for for you like like I mean so okay okay uh um and can be heard on on on on on on on on on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch more this so many channels I mean well like like like like like like like like like you know I mean so you know okay that are podcast is on some some some some some some some some some of them. I never even heard of so I mean I mean okay you know okay well well well well well well well well well I mean like it does the work for you and you can make make make make make make make make make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can just hit the ground running.