And we're and we're and we're and we're and we're and we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're and we're and we're and we're live another episode of athletic insights. We're joined here here here here here here here here here by our guests like you know uh you know you know I mean like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Jackson Bales and Connor Kelley Jackson. How you how you how you how how how how how how how how how you how you how you how you how you how you doing tonight? Doing pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty good. I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean well well uh like so like uh. How are you? you you you you you you you you Good good, good good, good good, good good, good good, good good, good good good good good good good good good good, good good, good good, Connor, what's going on with you along grades? I I I I I I I I I thanks I thanks I thanks I thanks I thanks I thanks I thanks I I I I I I I I I thanks I thanks for um well okay you know uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so having me and Jackson on no. I mean, I'm really excited. This is the well um um um um um um um um um I mean I mean I mean I mean uh I mean podcast. I I I I I I I I I originally I originally I originally I originally I originally I originally I originally I originally originally originally originally originally originally originally originally originally I originally wanted to do back in January. So it's really cool. Nice you you you you you you you you you know like uh like uh I mean so like little full-circle moment for the the the the the the the the the three of us to finally be able to do this so uh well like like like like like like like like like like like uh okay and on such a such a high note. Note. So for for for for for for for for for so for so for so for so for so for so for so for so so so so so so so so so for those of you uh well I mean okay um well okay like listening at at at at at at at at at home both Jackson and Connor here are from Brockville and they'll both um like like like like like like like like like well you know okay okay I mean uh be playing in Nationals this weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend in Ottowa for men's you Sports basketball so Connor, why uh like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so so um I mean don't you just tell us a little bit about about about about about about about about about growing up and playing for the well uh okay okay I mean um um like like like like like like like like like blues with Jackson, you know, so like yeah, like I said it back back back back back back back back back on uh I mean I mean I mean uh okay like so my first first first first first first first first first podcast like me and Jackson kind of started this thing together like a big part of that because of our dads are dads became.