Ladies and gentlemen before we get started here. If you haven't heard about about about about about about about about about anchor well I mean uh you know like um you know you know it's the easiest way way way way way way way way way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean so um uh I mean tools that allow you to record record record record record record record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone so you know well um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so um or computer anchor distributes your podcast for you. So you can can can can can can can can can be heard on Spotify you know uh okay um uh well well uh Apple podcast and and and and and and and and and whatever else they distribute to you can make money from uh I mean okay like like like like like like like like like okay like so I mean your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you need to make a um uh okay like uh so well uh podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast in one place. Download the download the download the download the download the download download download download download download download download download the download the download the download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot I mean like you know okay okay so I mean I mean f m-- to to to to to to to to to get started. Thank you. And here and here and here and here and here and and and and and and and and and here and here and here and here we go. Ladies and gentlemen, okay uh I I I I I I I I I mean like so uh you know like thank you for tuning in. This is the Hawkeye Hawkeye Hawkeye Hawkeye Hawkeye Hawkeye Hawkeye Hawkeye Hawkeye Outdoors podcast. We're no longer okay um I mean well okay you know know know know know know know know know um you know Hawkeye waterfowl. We felt it. Waterfowl kind waterfowl kind waterfowl kind waterfowl waterfowl waterfowl waterfowl waterfowl waterfowl waterfowl waterfowl waterfowl kind waterfowl kind waterfowl kind waterfowl kind waterfowl kind waterfowl kind of just kept kept kept kept kept kept kept kept kept us on one basis and we um I mean well you know so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like okay kind of do a little bit of this that and everything else. Else else else else else else else else. So we changed the name Hawkeye Outdoors. Hopefully that brings a lot more cool stuff to.