This is your everyday positivity here on Vale. Hello. I'm Kate Crocker. I I I I I I I I I hope uh um so um you know I mean I mean okay you're well well well well well well well well well today. Do you do you do you do you do you do you do do do do do do do do do you do you do you think you are challenging yourself enough? I had I had had had had had had had had had I had I had I had I had I had I had I had a moment moment moment moment moment moment moment moment moment this week like uh um I mean like well uh uh with my coach about about about about about about about about about accountability and I was really surprised. It's always really surprising when you like like like like like like like like like so I mean okay so uh I mean I mean think I've got that bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit sorted and I'm always really good at that and then someone okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know okay so so asks you a question and you go go go go go go go go go always like that. I think I'm good at well um so I mean so like um um um um um um um um um um that or the time actually good at that so I have been challenged challenged challenged challenged challenged challenged challenged challenged challenged this week and well I mean well like I mean you know so well And And And And And And And And And it's hard. It's hard pushing yourself through those challenges. It feels uncomfortable you well so so so so so so so so so okay I mean you know like like so get that vulnerable feeling around your your your your your your your your your heart and you your instinct says right. I well okay like so um um um um um um um um um you know I mean like need to move away from this. I don't want to to to to to to to to to go there t harv Eker you know um I mean like you know like well well well well well well well well well well in his book. The millionaire mindset says life gets easy when you do the hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard stuff so um well uh I mean I mean um like and challenging yourself is is is is is is is is is about doing the hard stuff. So something is really challenging you like okay uh uh you you you you you you you you you know so I mean like at the moment leaning take it on and know that when you come out the other side.