Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, it's Jeff. We're back with the pop out was podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. I'm here with I mean you know um okay okay like I mean like Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah burner from summer house. I'm super excited to have her she's hilarious. I I I I I I I I I think you like like okay okay I mean you know um uh guys will think think think think think think think think think so, too. We're recording we're recording we're recording we're recording we're recording we're recording we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're recording we're recording we're recording here from the Beverly Center and I can't I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so so okay uh uh so okay wait for you guys to listen. So So So So So So So So So enjoy guys. I'm here with Hannah from Summer I mean okay okay uh so you know know know know know know know know know so um House Hannah burner. Mr. Epstein mr. Epstein mr. Epstein mr. Epstein mr. Epstein mr. Mr mr mr mr mr mr mr mr. Epstein mr. Epstein mr. Epstein mr. Epstein thank you so much for having me feels feels feels feels feels feels feels feels feels I mean so you know well okay well I mean um like comfortable in in in in in in in in in somebody calls me. Mr. Epstein. Yeah, that was weird. I'm sorry never never never never never never never never never okay like so like so I mean uh you know safe. Don't forget that. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's my last name. Thank you so much for coming. I like okay you know so um um um um um um um um um well like so well being here for many reasons, but first of all because I feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel like you're I mean well like okay uh you know I mean so what what what what what what what what what I would be if I moved to LA like you're an east coast and and and and and and and and and well well you know uh I mean I mean uh like I'm seeing my possible possible possible possible possible possible possible possible possible future if I stop being such a workaholic and cursing out like well like you know um um um um um um um um um so you know you know everyone in my son. I see I see I I I I I I I I I see I see I see I see I see I see I see you're quite Wayne you're calling me a bum. Yeah like a hot.