Hello, my name is Kate Coker. And this and this and this and this and and and and and and and and and this and this and this and this and this is your everyday positivity positivity positivity positivity positivity positivity positivity positivity positivity on um so you know uh I mean uh okay okay Vale. I was was was was was was was was was scrolling through Facebook the other day and someone suggested a Stevie Wonder song song song song song song song song song um well you know like uh uh uh like as the best song on the the the the the the the the the planet. Can you can you can you can you can you can you can you you you you you you you you you can you can you beat it? And all it you know I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like okay um did for me was remind me of the greatest TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV Wonder song for me well well you know you know okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh of all time, which is called Love's in Need of Love Today. I mean, first first first first first first first first first of you know like so okay okay so um I mean all when you you you you you you you you you come up with a song lyric like that, you've got to go. Uh well uh well well well well well well well well well uh well uh well uh well uh well uh well uh well uh well so uh you you you you you you you you you know so um okay. Um, man, I've nailed life love is in need of Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Today and uh like uh um so um you know you know He's my my my my my my my my my favorite Stevie Wonder song and I love sitting and listening to to to to to to to to to it the message I mean uh okay well uh okay like I mean on on on on on on on on on it. Is that Love's in Need of Love today? We need to give okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh well uh you know like the love back to ourselves to for loved it. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's that it's that it's that it's that it's that it's that it's that it's that that that that that that that that that it's that cycle and I wanted to like uh I mean uh okay well I I I I I I I I I mean um get you to consider that you can apply this to lots of of of of of of of of of things like I mean well uh like um you know okay in your life life life life life life life life life and fundamentally you are in need of you today. So put some time aside today to really do something that brings you Joy.