Hey, welcome back for for the road everybody in the house punk rock. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're here um like like I mean uh I mean I mean well with with with with with with with with with Usual Suspects. We also got Dennis the founder operator and super gangster from from from from from from from from from okay uh like um so I mean like um Murder Town USA. Our favorite clothing clothing clothing clothing clothing clothing clothing clothing clothing company. That is how you doing today man. Doing okay um you know well well well well well well well well well um I mean so I mean great man. Yeah if you excited this this this this this this this this this year, it's like a first thing right okay well well uh uh uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay for yeah. I have I have I have I have I have I have I I I I I I I I I have I have I have never done a podcast before. Hey severe hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey severe hey severe hey severe hey severe hey severe hey severe hey severe hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey severe that's case scenario, but okay you know okay you know you know know know know know know know know know you know okay like I like you guys so fuck it. Get Get Get Get Get Get Get Get Get the get the get the get the get the get the get the get get get get get get get get get the get the fucking bucket. Let's do this. Yeah. Well, I mean like like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well okay so don't worry about it. Nobody listens to us. Anyway so so so so so so so so so fucking yeah, we got like uh I mean um you know so well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like real faithful follower and I feel bad every time we put something out because because because because because because because because because I uh uh um so you know like like I mean know we're just letting letting letting letting letting letting letting letting letting him down. Yeah. Hell yeah, don't worry and don't worry. Dennis is giving out free t-shirts. Everybody likes this video. That's not true.