Hello, everyone. You are listening to walk your truth. I have my homegirl my boo you you you you you you you you you know well so um well um well I mean my love in the the the the the the the the the building. Let them know who you are girl. Hey, what's good? uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well so well so um It's Gina AKA high frequencies. Tell him who who who who who who who who who you are. Like, what do you do I mean well okay I mean like like like like like like like like like so you know okay like what U into U into holistic your Ricky? Ricky Ricky Ricky Ricky Ricky Ricky Ricky Ricky Hey Lola. Yeah, I do. I like um uh like well like um like don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't like to limit too much with the words. But um, I uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like I mean okay you know okay uh kind of do a little bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit of everything. Reiki practitioner integrated energy therapist training herbalists. Uh well uh well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh well uh well uh well uh well uh well uh well well well well well well well well well so so so um um uh. Mhm amongst mhm amongst mhm amongst mhm amongst amongst amongst amongst amongst amongst amongst amongst amongst mhm amongst mhm amongst mhm amongst mhm amongst mhm amongst other things yoga teacher teacher teacher teacher teacher teacher teacher teacher teacher Youth Development specialist. Yes. That's why I brought you I mean you know um um um um um um um um um well okay you know uh okay here girl. Yeah, you do everything just like me like like like like like like like like like I dont limit myself. I so well well so um I mean well well well well well well well well well well make candles soaps everything. Yeah. I'm actually I'm in the process of making medicine uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay like so uh I mean okay to yeah, and I worked with with with with with with with with with dr. Sebi, do you know about how I work with his wife for like six months so I know.