Hello and welcome to the walking of podcast. I'm TJ. And today and today and and and and and and and and and today and today and today and today and today and today and today we we we we we we we we we are recording so well okay so so well I mean okay from the the the the the the the the the Bethke home in Maui after a crazy secrets of events that we so so so so so so so so so okay I mean I mean okay you know okay I mean will share on on on on on on on on on this podcast intro song says that that that you're good. It's the well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so um okay uh intro song inches on the addressing. It's the intro song song song song song song song song song intro song We're not in so okay um uh like you know uh okay our basement basement basement basement basement basement basement basement basement at our home. Hey, that's pretty I liked it. Yeah, welcome. I mean I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like like I mean like I mean um like. Welcome. Welcome. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you for listening. So thankful that you make us a like uh well well well well well well well well well I mean you know uh well okay part of your week. It's so it's so so so so so so so so so it's so it's so it's so it's so it's so it's so it's so humbling humbling humbling humbling humbling humbling humbling humbling humbling to know that I'm always so grateful Brooke um okay uh um I mean well well well well well well well well well uh um less so but me because my heart is full. I'm way way way way way way way way way more thankful. We uh um you know so you know um so so so so so so so so so so are this episode's gonna be a little different. I might I might I might might might might might might might might might I might I might I might I might I might I might sound sound sound sound sound sound sound sound sound a little well you know like like uh um uh okay different Brooks coffin coffin coffin coffin coffin coffin coffin coffin coffin into the mic that might be a little different right because um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um okay so you know like we are in the office of Jeff and Elizabeth key. We've already taken everything valuable out.