Welcome to this tutorial project podcast where we talk about human child trafficking this well well well well well well well well well like well well so like I mean well episode is going to be about adrenochrome. Adrenochrome adrenochrome adrenochrome adrenochrome adrenochrome adrenochrome adrenochrome adrenochrome. And if and if and if and if and if and if and and and and and and and and and if and if and if that has actually played a huge like you you you you you you you you you know so I mean okay you know um um part in the human trafficking trafficking trafficking trafficking trafficking trafficking trafficking trafficking trafficking that we see in America today. So we're actually so so so uh you you you you you you you you you know well so um going to be speaking about how we have evidence and and and and and and and and and different theories about how adrenochrome you know I mean um like well okay like well has has has has has has has has has infiltrated the United States as a huge industry. Especially with especially with especially with with with with with with with with with especially with especially with especially with especially with especially with especially with in Hollywood. We We We We We We We We We are going to well like uh like well okay so uh give you some some some some some some some some some facts about this whole situation after these sponsored messages. Here's where here's where here's where here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's where here's where here's where here's where here's where here's where we I mean like like like like like like like like like you know you know I mean you know uh okay give our shout out to to to to to to to to to Anchor if you have heard about anchor is the easiest uh well um um you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um okay way to make a podcast. I'll explain real quick and let you you you you you you you you you know that it's completely you know you know uh like uh um like okay free. There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's these creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. It's super easy and anchor.