What's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, what's up, what's up, ladies and gents? I'm Owen I'm Owen I'm Owen I'm Owen Owen Owen Owen Owen Owen Owen Owen Owen I'm Owen I'm Owen I'm Owen I'm Owen I'm Owen and I'm zach. Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach. I'm Charlie and like well I mean well okay okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean where the Kool-Aid Jammers today. We will be discussing the fabulous short story lamb uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so well you know like you know okay like to the slaughter by Roald Dahl. It It It It It It It It It will be discussing plot characters setting conflict in you know like okay well so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like irony in the short story lamb to the slaughter. This book book book book book book book book book was written by okay like like uh like so like so the prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious Roald Dahl. He was born in 1916 and unfortunately died in 1990. He is most so so so so so so so so so well um okay um well like so famously known for writing Charlie and the the the the the the the the the Chocolate Factory The BFG and Matilda. He you know okay uh I mean okay like like like like like like like like like like well has sold over 250 million copies worldwide. What a legend now, let's talk about about about about about about about about about uh you know um um okay um uh like the plot Expedition begins when when when when when when when when when Mary Maloney is waiting in her house for her husband you know uh uh um um um um um um um um um okay uh I mean I mean turned from work. It seemed to be a normal normal normal normal normal normal normal normal normal night for mr. Millhone, but you know well okay like um like you you you you you you you you you know so he seemed to be acting unusual. He's drinking stronger drink than usual to miss Maloney knew something was up.