Hi, POTUS. I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope I hope I hope I hope you're doing well. Today's episode is when did disability become become become become become become become become become so so like you know uh so you know I mean you know taboo? So So So So So So So So So I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I so so so so so so so so so I speak to you the amazing Sophie Butler who is a fitness influencer and and and and and and and and and I mean okay so okay well I mean I mean okay also a wheelchair user we we we we we we we we we discuss her accident and how she came to be disabled um so I mean uh um um um um um um um um um so okay you know or to have a disability. And also the way way way way way way way way way that the World perhaps disables us um uh well I mean okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know more than injuries accidents or disabilities that were born with may may may may may may may may may do which might seem like well um well you know so so um so a confusing confusing confusing confusing confusing confusing confusing confusing confusing concept. Act but it's basically the idea of ableism and how the world uh well well well well well well well well well um well okay like well well is set up for people who are able-bodied able-bodied able-bodied able-bodied able-bodied able-bodied able-bodied able-bodied able-bodied as opposed to those of us who I mean so like uh okay you you you you you you you you you know so like perhaps can't function in a very specific way. It was so inspiring to to to to to to to to to people Sophia, I mean you know I mean um well I mean like like like like like like like like like well and I think it's a really interesting conversation. I really hope you enjoy it it it it it it it it it as always. Please okay well so well well well um like do rate review And And And And And And And And And subscribe. Bye. Hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, and welcome to adulting today. I am joined by Sophie Butler.