Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to haken in Animal Crossing podcast your podcast dedicated to all things Animal Crossing Crossing Crossing Crossing Crossing Crossing Crossing Crossing Crossing like you know so okay well um okay so episode 120 is brought to you you you you you you you you you by Lindsay Hiller one of our newest patreon patrons uh so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh like um you know today Sergio and I are going to go over over over over over over over over over the week's countdown questions talk about so okay I mean you know you you you you you you you you you know okay you know like all the new information. We learned from PAX East East East East East East East East East and there will be a very I mean like um you know I I I I I I I I I mean well so uh special interview with Great Fairy. Carrie and her experience playing Animal Crossing Crossing Crossing Crossing Crossing Crossing Crossing Crossing Crossing New Horizons uh okay well okay okay well uh uh at PAX East so to to to to to to to to to begin. Hello Sergio. How you doing? Hello. Chewy. I'm doing okay you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well you know you know okay pretty awesome. You know, you know, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, it's been been been been been been been been been a really productive week. But in terms so okay um well you know know know know know know know know know okay like I mean of Animal Crossing, it's been a lot of weight. It's been been been been been been been been been it's been it's been it's been it's been it's been it's been it's been it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's been filled with a I mean like okay I mean you know okay like okay lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of news and then I also got some amiibo cards. I mean putting putting putting putting putting putting putting putting putting you know so like so so okay like well those in the album's and it's just just just just just just just just just been a great great week. Yeah, you sent me a picture of the Box you got.