Hi, my name is Matthew cousins from or at group and Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to you know okay I mean I mean you know so so I I I I I I I I I mean our leadership series for 2020 for international women's day as part of this this this this this this this this this series. We've um I mean well okay like you know um um sat down with with with with with with with with with some exceptional female leaders to talk about their story their journey, so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean like I mean um um and what makes them tick additionally. Additionally additionally additionally additionally additionally additionally additionally additionally. We'll talk we'll talk we'll talk we'll talk we'll talk we'll talk we'll talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk we'll talk we'll talk about the each of equal campaign so so I mean so so so so so so so so so so um uh like for international women's day. We hope you enjoy the series series series series series series series series series and thanks for listening. In today's um okay well uh so you know um well well well well well well well well well episode. We sit we sit we sit we sit we sit we sit we sit sit sit sit sit sit sit sit sit we sit we sit down with Jackie Whiteman the Chief Operating Officer across the Davidson group group group group group group group group group Jackie well so so well uh like you know well has over 20 years years years years years years years years years experience in the recruitment industry the majority of them uh you know I I I I I I I I I mean I mean like so so well being in senior leadership roles. I also had had had had had had had had had the privilege of working with Jackie well so you know like like you know like well well well well well well well well well at Chandler MacLeod. We hope you enjoy the episode with Jack. Morning, Jackie. Thanks uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay well um um so for joining us for international women's day and for a chat about your leadership.