Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to give you guys like well uh uh you know like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of your your your your your your your your your favorite um um I mean okay I mean like uh um artists and podcasts in one one one one one one one one one place. That's for free Hallelujah. No premium account you know well uh you know like like like like like like like like like you know um um necessary Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic including the one like well like um I mean um so so you're listening to to to to to to to to to right now and you can follow those podcast. So you so you so you so so so so so so so so so you so you so you so you so you so you never miss an an an an an an an an an episode so I mean like well um um uh I mean you can share what what what what what what what what what you're listening to with friends on Instagram. And if and if and if and and and and and and and and and if and if and if and if and if and if you like so okay like you you you you you you you you you know okay uh you know are a premium user you can download episodes to listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen to offline no um um you know well uh well okay so matter where where where where where where where where where you are. So if you haven't done so already be sure to uh well well well well well well well well well so well you know so I mean so download the Spotify app search for for for for for for for for for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts in the your um okay uh um well well well well well well well well well so um well library Tab and give us a follow. So you never miss an an an an an an an an an episode speaking um like okay like so like okay okay of which let's see what what what what what what what what what we've got on The Ledger today. This is optimal relationships okay like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean well uh daily episode 646 guilt and shame good and bad ways ways ways ways ways ways ways ways ways to feel bad by Keith Wilson of Keith Wilson. Counseling.com. Hello everybody. It's a brand-new Monday.