So in this episode, let's have a look at act 3 of Macbeth. First of you you you you you you you you you know um um like uh you know uh um all going to look at at at at at at at at at a summary of what happens in seems one and um well okay uh uh you know know know know know know know know know you know so two of act three scene one begins just after Macbeth Macbeth Macbeth Macbeth Macbeth Macbeth Macbeth Macbeth Macbeth has been crowned King Banquo I mean so so you know uh you know you you you you you you you you you know so speaks to himself. He's afraid the Macbeth has done something bad to get get get get get get get get get like so so like uh uh um um the crown. He says I fear that that that that that that that that that place the most foully for it. I quote so I mean like so I I I I I I I I I mean I mean um like still hopes that this means his children will be Kings Macbeth Macbeth Macbeth Macbeth Macbeth Macbeth Macbeth Macbeth Macbeth enters. He uh you know uh you know okay uh so so calls calls calls calls calls calls calls calls calls bankroll his chief guests this implies that he still treats banquet like his like okay so so so so so so so so so I mean you know so okay um best friend. Of course that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's out on a horse ride with fails. Macbeth and speaks I mean um um um um um um um um um um well well uh like okay in another city liquid. He says that that that that that that that that that having the crown is not enough. He must well you know um I mean um um um um um um um um um you know okay I mean feel secure as king to be thus nothing but to to to to to to to to to be safely. Thus um well well I mean you know I mean uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean Beth is afraid that the wise Banquo is a threat to his crown saying there is is is is is is is is is I mean well okay okay uh um I mean uh none but he he he he he he he he he whose being I do fear Macbeth noted The Witches also prophesize the backwards I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well you know uh um so I mean okay Sons would be Kings and and and and and and and and and so he feels that they must be a threat to murder is enter the stage and.