Joe what is good y'all welcome to this week's episode of talks so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh um you know well with taboo. Welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to this week's week's week's week's week's week's week's week's week's episode of the podcast. It's Thursday man, Friday's so so um um okay I I I I I I I I I mean you know um tomorrow and you can smell it the weekends here here here here here here here here here and that's when you let well I mean I mean so I I I I I I I I I mean like I mean you know the freaks out the weekends for the freaks. Before Before Before Before Before Before Before Before Before I get into this week's I mean like uh uh um you know well so so so so so so so so so episode. I just I just I just I just I just I just I just just just just just just just just just I just I just want to tell you that this Friday March the 6th. I will will will will will will will will will I mean okay okay so like uh well well be in Iowa City City City City City City City City City at Gabe's and then the next day of March the 7th. I okay like I I I I I I I I I mean uh so I mean um you know will be in Detroit Michigan at electricity electricity electricity electricity electricity electricity electricity electricity electricity and both of those shows are like like okay okay so like like I I I I I I I I I mean on the E - a store. I've always I've always I've always always always always always always always always always I've always I've always I've always I've always I've always I've always wanted to play play play play play play play play play electricity. If really like you know okay I mean uh well uh so really really really really really really really really really excited to play that venue but today on the podcast. I want want want want want want want want want to talk uh like so I mean well so you know um about fucking up up up up up up up up up and why it's okay to fuck up. Let's get into this week's episode. Well you you you you you you you you you well you well you well you well you well you well you well you well well well well well well well well well you know I mean so you know like I mean okay. Are the podcast and and and and and and and and and the intro song this week is actually a song that a fan like like um uh like like like like like like like like like well uh okay sent in that. I think all y'all are going to like, let's give it a listen. I need me a.