A Florida Desiree and Romi Rain and you're listening to people with Laura I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um so I mean you know so so and Romy. It's a whole big big big big big big big big big mouthful. Mmm. Welcome to a mouthful with Laura uh um okay uh so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know and Romi. We are obviously starting our conversation with social media. Yeah, you you you you you you you you you just stumble okay uh um um I mean you know like okay in on on on on on on on on on this moment of Genius. Everybody did we did to there was like a well so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like uh uh sudden like hand in my shots, and he was feeding feeding feeding feeding feeding feeding feeding feeding feeding me like, you know something uh so uh uh um so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean if it's wow, it's like the clouds open and you're on Mount Olympus and um um um um um um um um um um um like uh well uh I mean it's just the two of of of of of of of of of us. Discussing the most philosophical explosive ideas of um okay so like like like like like like like like like like uh so um the day there are watching us like dance around with with with with with with with with with a microphone and then we okay like um uh um okay so well just fade fade fade fade fade fade fade fade fade into their lives. I love that. I hope that's how people see us I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so well uh uh like in their dreams now. It's probably how how how how how how how how how they see you. Don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you you you you you you you you you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you okay so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know like you know must have a lot of scenes that open like that? that that that that that that that that You're a you're a you're a you're a you're a you're a a a a a a a a a you're a you're a you're a part of this. Oh, it's oh, it's oh, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's oh, it's oh, it's oh, it's oh, it's oh, it's oh, it's you know know know know know know know know know um I mean okay so so I mean okay just like a myth myth myth myth myth myth myth myth myth girls like walking kind of in we're talking about like you know so you you you you you you you you you know I mean so like well those are some of my favorite scenes like, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, the Gonzo's. Well, it's usually um you know well so like like uh okay Gonzo a a a a a a a a a feature and that those are the ones were just bright light beautiful girl over lit walking in a bikini suddenly.