Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your I'm your I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Whistler in okay well um uh well okay okay you know this podcast. What we we we we we we we we we what we what we what we what we what we what we what we what what what what what what what what what we do is we have top ten lists. These are these are these are these these these these these these these these these are these are these are these are these are these are the audio so so so so so so so so so um like so I mean um um uh versions of our videos that were were were were were were were were were originally published on YouTube. If you enjoy this okay like okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh like show, please do consider leaving us a review on Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcasts or Oye podcast. Also, uh also, uh also, uh also, uh also, also, also, also, also, also, also, also, also, uh also, uh also, uh also, uh also, uh um like so uh so so so so so so so so so uh okay you are say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter all of that stuff. Uh well uh well uh well uh well well well well well well well well well uh well uh well uh well uh well uh well I mean you know know know know know know know know know well well well I mean. I am at Simon Whistler one word come and and and and and and and and and say hi to me. Let well well well um I mean so so well me me me me me me me me me know how you liked this show and let's get into it. Hello. I'm well well well well well well well well well I'm well I'm well I'm well I'm well I'm well I'm well I'm well well well well well well well well well I'm well you know uh uh so um so okay Simon West Earlier, you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're watching top 10 internet. And in and in and in and in and in and and and and and and and and and in and in and in and in the video today. We're looking at okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um um like I mean I mean like the top 10 ways ways ways ways ways ways ways ways ways to manipulate your brain without using drugs number 10, the well well so so so so so so so so so uh okay well uh okay strange link between infrasound and ghostly apparitions many people people people people people people people people people will tell you that at one point well like um okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so or another they have had some experience where they thought they heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard a sound when like I mean you know uh so you know uh well well well well well well well well well nothing should be there or they saw an apparition that led them to to to to to to to to to believe um um so so okay like so okay that a place was haunted nearly always these stories involve the same basic details and structure people.