It's very it's very it's very it's very it's very it's very it's very it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's very it's very funny because Chris plant is recording in our New York City City City City City City City City City office um uh well uh okay so so um is right now and every time time time time time time time time time he needs to make a change she has I mean uh you know okay so so so so so so so so so um well you know to run across the room. Like it's a double dare challenge. Challenge challenge challenge challenge challenge challenge challenge challenge. Well, don't like okay like so okay you know I mean uh listen that's part part part part part part part part part of the sort of you know, rocks Rockstar punk rock revolutionary sort um um um um um um um um um okay okay you know you know you know so you know of in the startup startup startup startup startup startup startup startup startup lifestyle. Yeah is well. I mean, that's how y'all record um so um well well well well well well well well well so so you know like to write. You have a giant paper mache nose nose nose nose nose nose nose nose nose with us the recording system inside. You know you know well um I mean you you you you you you you you you know uh I mean. Of it and you have to pull out boogers to get get get get get get get get get it to start well okay uh um okay so okay you know recording. Right? right. Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right. My audio my audio my audio my audio my audio my audio my audio my my my my my my my my my audio my audio interface is in a big sloppy pizza and I so so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh I mean so you know do need to dig around in there and and and and and and and and and then I do get if I I mean uh like um so uh so you know know know know know know know know know say, you know, if I cuss too much then Rosie O'Donnell does shoot shoot shoot shoot shoot shoot shoot shoot shoot a Koosh well so um I mean I mean you know um like ball at me me me me me me me me me and I hurts a lot. A lot of people will talk about you know know know know know know know know know um uh I mean uh so okay okay that. Those have a lot of ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic force and she's very she's a very strong person. Justin was here set up. Up up up up up up up up. Like actually like actually like actually like actually like actually like actually like actually like actually like actually I have a cone.