Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and and and and and and and and and hello and hello and welcome back to another @t. Y Temple Carrick podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast to start us off you know I mean I mean um you know so um you know know know know know know know know know with our new podcast. We will we will we will we will we will will will will will will will will will we will we will we will we will have Kim's calendar. So before we move move move move move move move move move on to okay well um I mean you know uh well you know some some some some some some some some some of the events that are happening, I think maybe we should talk about I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know uh okay okay like you know okay mu n that happened last last last last last last last last last Friday and Saturday wasn't it? I'm Kate. I know I know I know I I I I I I I I I know I know I know I know I know I know like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so um I mean like you know you were I thought you want to tell us us us us us us us us us a bit about us. Oh, yeah, okay like well like so um uh I mean so so so so so so so so so there was a an M un conference in Wellesley College Dublin for two days. Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh uh you know uh like um okay uh. Days, Friday days, Friday days, Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday days, Friday days, Friday days, Friday days, Friday days, Friday days, Friday the 28th 28th 28th 28th 28th 28th 28th 28th 28th and Saturday the 29th, and it was very successful and un conference uh like like like like like like like like like like like like uh you know like three and tar Dempsey Adam Latino Sheena Iyengar died standing delegates delegates delegates delegates delegates delegates delegates delegates delegates and they also so um uh like like so okay well our our our our our our our our our country Canada got outstanding delegation in general assembly. So I was very great at at at at at at at at at such like so so well well well um okay a prestigious conference is really really really really really really really really really good. Enjoy it. It was really good. Have you been to one before or that was my first so it was really scary.