Hello again and welcome back everyone to episode 39 of Murphy's Law. This is well well well well well well well well well um so uh you know uh so like Charles Murphy hanging out as always always always always always always always always always with Charles Villanueva. We're super excited today. Um you um you um you you you you you you you you you um you um you um you um you um you um you know I I I I I I I I I mean uh uh um like well. We've got we've got we've got we've got we've got got got got got got got got got we've got we've got we've got we've got a couple of a couple cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool things to talk about including a an interesting well you know uh well I I I I I I I I I mean okay uh you know scoop on Mandalorian season 2, but first we gotta check in in in in in in in in in with Charles and see I mean so um uh I mean uh well like what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's going on over in the Philippines. I'm not much is going on still still still still still still still still still saying okay uh well you know uh well uh so The coronavirus care care care care care care care care care still happening, but we're still standing here. So let's fucking do this. I mean I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean so so so so so so so so so uh okay okay okay okay I mean. I want to hear scoop. Yeah. So this is is is is is is is is is this is an interesting one and like you know I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know um like something I've been working on for a while. Obviously Obviously Obviously Obviously Obviously Obviously Obviously Obviously Obviously you guys that have well you know I mean okay you know like so okay been been been been been been been been been listening know that Charles and I watched the Mandalorian for season Mandalorian. We so so so so so so so so so uh like you know um well like okay both liked it a lot but but but but but but but but but we aren't usually in the business of getting Star okay so so um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh um Wars scoops of any kind and so before I share it with you. I want to make sure we know that this.