A few months back. We did a call-in show. Hello. This is Josh. This is you you you you you you you you you know so well okay okay well so you know Tiffany Walling McGarity. I'm one of of of of of of of of of the three founders from medical and so okay so you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay you our listeners voted Tiffany Walling McGarity on Pitch Island going going going going going going going going going from a phone so I mean so okay um uh you know so call to to to to to to to to to the pitch room isn't an easy trick to pull off today. We'll hear so so so so so so so so so like well uh um um you know okay a pitch the likes of which which which which which which which which which we've never had on the show before. Well um well um well um well well well well well well well well well um well um well um well um well um well um you know like like like like like like like like like I mean uh uh uh. What does it pitch sound like before any revenues revenues revenues revenues revenues revenues revenues revenues revenues even before the product is uh uh I mean uh uh I mean uh well well well well well well well well well built in all the founder has is an idea and a gut feeling that so so so so so so so so so so okay okay well well well like that idea could turn into a big business business business business business business business business business today on the show. What a pitch like you know okay um um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you know sounds like when all you have are a few scratches scratches scratches scratches scratches scratches scratches scratches scratches on the back of you know so you know uh okay okay um um um um um um um um um uh the metaphorical napkin from gimlet. This is the pitch. I'm Josh puccio. Puccio puccio puccio puccio puccio puccio puccio puccio. Let's you know so you know so so okay I mean okay meet meet meet meet meet meet meet meet meet the investors and Maya Bittner Maya built to financial tech companies and sold them Bowl. Now. She's out scouting startups for Sequoia. One.