Hi everybody. I'm here to talk to you about anchor anchors our new new new new new new new new new podcast hosting service okay well um well well so okay um and they they they they they they they they they make things so simple. It's a One-Stop shop when it comes to okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean you know well I mean um Distributing your podcast to all all all all all all all all all the different platforms Spotify Apple podcast Google well okay okay like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so podcast. You name it? They've got a way to distribute to it it it it it it it it it on top you know uh uh you know okay uh so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean of that. They have editing tools baked right into the website makes life so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um uh okay you know uh you know much simpler back when I I I I I I I I I started podcasting. It was an entire to do I mean so you know so you you you you you you you you you know so well I mean you had to know how to record it where to to to to to to to to to record it how to upload um well you know well well well so well well well well well well well well well it pay for the hosting did I mention they're hosting is free and they they they they they they they they they will um well you know I mean uh I mean okay like hook you up up up up up up up up up with advertisers so that you can make money download the anchor well you know I I I I I I I I I mean uh well like I mean uh app or go to Anchor dot. F F F F F F F F F m-- to get started. You're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening to the tenants you know I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean I mean you know uh on the Kyle Dempster Studios Network Network Network Network Network Network Network Network Network support this and other shows at patreon.com forward like you know I mean so so so so so so so so so I mean like you know like slash Kyle Dempster Studios, you could gain access to to to to to to to to to an exclusive new podcast patreon so well okay you know so so so uh only only only only only only only only only if you want to hear the inner workings of my weird mind, that's the place to go. We also have twitch coaching lessons.