Hey guys, I'm Megan and I'm Sierra. Welcome back to according to and in this this this this this this this this this you know uh like okay I mean like like um week's episode. We are we we we we we we we we we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are are are are are are are are are going to be talking about spring break because fitting race um okay well so you you you you you you you you you know uh you know well coming up. So angry is after you losing to to to to to to to to to this. It'll be we have you know well okay you know uh you know like you you you you you you you you you know week one week of classes still and then spring break is the week I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like well like uh well okay after that. So March, however, I I I I I I I I I guess this is probably your weekly Spotlight. We just finished. I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean okay uh um so okay. Well, I finished all of my exams I have have have have have have have have have before spring break so like like like like so uh you know so next week. Week week week week week week week week. I just have a presentation for one of my classes see your husband husband husband husband husband husband husband husband husband I mean so I mean so uh well uh uh exam for a class class class class class class class class class that I'm not in but it's just like we're really um you know well you know know know know know know know know know so I mean um um home free now, we've finished our last exam today, which which which which which which which which which is so so uh well okay like like well like okay nice because we had like like like like like like like like like straight Monday Tuesday Wednesday one exam each day. So I so I so I I I I I I I I I so I so I so I so I so I so I okay like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay I mean um will say it was like the most stressful thing in the world world world world world world world world world because like it's you know well you know uh well uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay really not like the hardest classes ever, but it's just kind of you know today today today today today today today today today okay so I mean um well okay um I mean and I'm out of the way way way way way way way way way especially because now that I feel like I um uh um like so well well well well well well well well well um you know still don't know my grades are any of them technically, but I still feel like I did find an.