What's going on guys? Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to the Run free podcast this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode number 29 and um um I mean okay okay like so well this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode we're going to do a little Olympic trials debrief. And then and then and and and and and and and and and then and then and then and then and then and then and then we're okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um um like so I mean uh going to do a little bit of of of of of of of of of challenging our view on luck. So I um so uh well well okay like you you you you you you you you you know hope you guys are doing well. Hopefully it's turning to Springtime where you you you you you you you you you are I mean okay like like like you know like um just moments before coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming into my garage to record this for y'all. I was out well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh I mean um so like in the sun just baking in it. Just loving loving loving loving loving loving loving loving loving it. Feels so good and it's actually I mean like uh um um um um um um um um um um well I mean so kind of a little bit about what I'm going to to to to to to to to to talk about today. So um uh so you know uh uh um well I'm getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting out in front of myself, but it's crazy how son feels the um like um um um um um um um um um um okay uh like so best right after the winter time. Right? Like right right right right right right right right right when you've endured like so I mean you know I mean well you you you you you you you you you know well I mean those freezing cold days freezing cold snow ice hail winds you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're out doing those runs. You know uh uh like okay okay uh okay. They're just just just just just just just just just miserable and you just can't wait to get home and get warm and then when it burst turns to.