Hey everybody. Welcome to Mom Hood, it's Wednesday. We're so we're so we're so so so so so so so so so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so glad that that that that that that that that that you're here. Like you know uh you know okay uh like uh. I hope you you you you you you you you you guys are having a beautiful week. We are stoked because today you know so so so so so so so so so uh you know uh like okay so is part 2 of the October Gonzalez interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview and we have been absolutely dying to okay you know well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh you know you know I mean release this one. So this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode focuses all on marriage and motherhood and man. There so okay like okay okay um um um um um um um um um um well are some nuggets up in here. I can't wait for you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys like you know well so so like like well to hear it. If this this this this this this this this this is the first one that you're tapping on I do recommend. Going uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like well well like like well um back and listening to part 1 it's not absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely imperative. But I but I but I but I but I but I but I but I but but but but but but but but but I do think that so so well um I mean well you know like all all all all all all all all all of the information in part to her story all her tips the way that she she she she she she she she she well well um you know like uh uh like parents it's all like so much much much much much much much much much more interesting and almost more like valuable when you know um so you you you you you you you you you know okay like you know um you know where she came from part 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 is all about her life as a young okay so so uh like so so so so so so so so so you know well girl how she was parented her family story Dynamic her as a a a a a a a a a young you know so so so like well you know so woman and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's fascinating and it makes her marriage and motherhood style that much more interesting and I think that's how it is for.