Welcome to the leaking Deb a podcast about pens. This show this show show show show show show show show show this show this show this show this show this show this show this show is not not not not not not not not not suitable I mean so like well uh like like so for work because swearing swearing swearing swearing swearing swearing swearing swearing swearing is encouraged. It's like a Pinchot after dark but it's like like so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean I mean um a podcast. I'm Kat palmisano and and and and and and and and and I'm John Feelin. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to the Leaky nib well uh okay well I I I I I I I I I mean um I mean so episode 17. Hey John. Hey Catherine. I have have have have have have have have have not seen you in literal like a you know um I mean um so so so so so so so so so so well well month ago about a month like going through withdrawal. We keep it withdrawal. Withdrawal withdrawal withdrawal withdrawal withdrawal withdrawal withdrawal withdrawal. I mean um so um so like uh um. It's terrible. We usually record In In In In In In In In In advance and we caught up on all of like uh I mean well okay so so so so so so so so so I mean uh our episodes. So this will come out actually the week we're recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording it. So okay okay I mean you know you know so like. Yes. Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes. Yes. I'll be editing in the air on the way to Baltimore. When do do do do do do do do do when do when do when do when do when do when do when do do do do do do do do do when do you um like uh like uh like well I mean leave Thursday morning? morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning Fabulous? 6:30. Oh gross. Well, what are you drinking John? Hmm Ice like you you you you you you you you you know um um okay well I mean I mean Mountain cloud castle spring water, very very very very very very very very very classy it. We're again recording at a normal time. Noon. What are you drinking II brought a bellini.