Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your host. Dr. Dr Dr Dr Dr Dr Dr Dr Dr. Okay like uh so um you know you know I mean. Maggie Perry. I'm a a a a a a a a a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical Psychology. I'm I I'm I I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I I'm I I'm I I'm I I'm I I'm I I'm I I I I I I I I I mean um okay okay like I mean uh uh also the founder of the the the the the the the the the online group therapy platform model that care. I love well uh okay so you you you you you you you you you know so well you know helping people overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders disorders disorders disorders disorders disorders disorders disorders disorders and stress, please join us um so um well um you know so uh each each each each each each each each each week as we share real sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful techniques you you you you you you you you you know like you know so like like uh I mean for effectively dealing with with with with with with with with with anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress will discuss what effective therapy you know like like like like like like like like like so so uh um like uh looks like sounds like and feels like will follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow our guests as they overcome okay like like so so okay well so their their their their their their their their their biggest fears and find that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can still live a a a a a a a a a rich full I mean um you know you know okay um um uh and meaningful meaningful meaningful meaningful meaningful meaningful meaningful meaningful meaningful life with a reputed approach a strength base and seeks to find and and and and and and and and and you know um um like you know like well you know reinforce what clients do well well well well well well well well well to help them generalize those skills towards areas where um you know like uh so so so so so so so so so you know uh um their stock my model for Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.