Guys, what's guys, what's guys, what's guys, what's guys, what's guys, what's guys, what's guys, what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know that that that that that that that that that um okay I mean uh I mean like um I mean our podcast is is is is is is is is is supported by anchor. That's right. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the the the the the the the the the okay okay like I mean so I mean uh so easiest way to to to to to to to to to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so um like so like tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right right right right right right right right right from your phone or like like um well okay um I mean uh computer. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm doing this ad from my phone as we speak. Anchor Wilkins will you know well well well well well well well well well uh okay like well I mean like distribute. Sorry your podcast for you. So it it it it it it it it it so it so it so it so it so it so it so it so it it it it it it it it it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts okay well so so like okay okay I I I I I I I I I mean and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum well like uh I mean okay you know uh uh listenership. Evidently, I can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't talk. It's everything you need to make podcast in one well uh um like like like like like like like like like I mean um you know um place download the free anchor app or go go go go go go go go go to Anchor dot. F m-- to well I mean okay uh well well so so so so so so so so so like get started now back to the show. Wash up wash up wash up up up up up up up up up wash up wash up wash up wash up wash up wash up Walk-Ons fans. So so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so uh so um well so um. We have a treat for episode 96 today today today today today today today today today over an hour of Shawn Welsh Hawkeye I mean you know uh I mean uh so so so so so so so so so so I mean content the good old boy from Dayton Ohio a guy. We spent five years within the program made a ton of memories with knows everything that we went.