How's it going guys? Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back back back back back back back back back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to the all in entrepreneurs podcast. This This This This This This This This This is episode okay well like well like um uh like 48 baby. We're almost about about about about about about about about about to hit that 50 episode Milestone and I'm just like you know you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay uh so so so blessed to be here to be an instrument of of of of of of of of of service to all of you. Well so like like um like so uh. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're instruments of service to all of you and this is episode 48 and today's subject uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean you know so you know okay you know is growth or or or or or or or or or Comfort. This is one of his favorite subjects. You can't have okay well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so um okay like like both you have to make a choice. So I I I I I I I I I can't wait to get started. Well you well you well you well you well you you you you you you you you you well you well you well you well you know I mean so like you know know know know know know know know know like well. This is my business partner. Mr. Alec science guys. Welcome to episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode 48 you know like so um okay so so okay Alex signs, 23:20 23 23 23 23 23 23 23 23 23 year old real estate entrepreneur started real estate entrepreneurship at so like I mean um um um um um um um um um like uh uh I mean the age of 18 over the last four years have built built built built built built built built built plenty of other businesses I mean um um uh um um well okay along along along along along along along along along with Carlson sow and couldn't have been, you know more fortunate and blessed well well well well well well well well well uh you know I mean um okay like okay to be on this journey. There's Divine. I love it. I love it for I forgot to introduce myself, but.