What up, guys? This is the Leafs convo pod cast for Oak Ridge Ford in in in in in in in in in um so like you know you know like you know um London, Ontario Oak Ridge Ridge Ridge Ridge Ridge Ridge Ridge Ridge Ridge Ford.com. I'm enje along with Mike. It is it is it is it is it it it it it it it it it is it is it is it is it is Thursday, March uh like well like like like like like like like like like well okay so so 5th 2020 the Leafs at the LA Kings this evening. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's a little pregame okay uh well uh like uh I mean I mean combo for for for for for for for for for you Michael. We didn't get a chance to talk after the Leafs uh so like like like like like like like like like like so you know well okay loss in San Jose. But hey, but hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, but hey, but hey, but hey, but hey, but hey, but hey, but hey, that's okay. Okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay. They had won three in a row prior okay so okay well I mean you know know know know know know know know know like you know The Beat Goes On good morning Norm. Yeah, it does but you have have have have have have have have have to you know okay uh so uh um so like sort of reflect on the fact that that that that that that that that that the Leafs won three games in. Road that we're key you know well well well well well well well well well well uh I mean like you know so games against teams that were at least least least least least least least least least on par with them Florida a few points so okay so okay so you know know know know know know know know know like so behind them Tampa Bay ahead of them in the Atlantic division division division division division division division division division and Vancouver who was like so um um okay well so so battling for a a a a a a a a a playoff spot in the Western Conference. They come up against the uh you know like like like like like like like like like I mean um uh okay well team and they play three teams on this west coast swing swing swing swing swing swing swing swing swing that are out so so um uh okay okay I mean well of of of of of of of of of it that are basically, you know, playing out the string and they got outplayed dramatically dramatically dramatically dramatically dramatically dramatically dramatically dramatically dramatically by the San Jose Sharks. I have I have I have I have I have I I I I I I I I I have I have I have I have to say that Jack Campbell kept him in.