You're listening to come follow me weekly a weekly podcast with thoughts and and and and and and and and and so I mean um I mean uh um I mean okay insights for the the the the the the the the the come. Follow me follow me follow me follow me follow me follow me me me me me me me me me follow me follow me follow me lessons of the Church of Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Christ of okay like I mean uh okay so like so Latter-day Saints. I'm your host host host host host host host host host Heather Webber. Thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for for for for for for for for for thanks for thanks for thanks for being here with me this week. I mean I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like well like so um um. This episode is sponsored by anchor anchor is the the the the the the the the the app. My mom uses to okay well well uh I mean uh um um make this this this this this this this this this podcast. If you if you if you if you if you if you if if if if if if if if if you if you if you haven't heard about anger, it's a pretty easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy okay I mean um like I mean like you know I mean way to start start start start start start start start start podcasting. Anchor is free to use and they have a creation you know know know know know know know know know uh so you know I mean okay okay you know tool that allows you you you you you you you you you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anger so so so so so so so so so I mean uh I mean well like uh you know will also distribute your your your your your your your your your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple I mean well well well well well well well well well so you know uh okay um um podcast and many more podcast platforms. It's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you need to make a podcast you know well uh well well I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know all in one place. Don't free don't free don't free don't free don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't free don't free don't free don't free don't free anchor app or go to a a a a a a a a a Pratap FM I mean I mean okay so uh okay okay uh to to to to to to to to to get started this week's lesson is entitled. This is the way and it covers second defy 31 through 33. Okay. Did anyone watch the.