Hey guys guys in otherwise, this is Jonathan. I resign I'm Noah also known known known known known known known known known as okay I mean so um you know okay well okay polyphonic and and and and and and and and and you're listening to horns and wings the podcast where we read through Saga Saga Saga Saga Saga Saga Saga Saga Saga one um you know I mean I mean uh I mean um you know know know know know know know know know issue at a time. Yes, and we will finally answer the question. Will we make make make make make make make make make a um I mean uh you know um like okay um dragon come wait? wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait Sorry. No, that's our other podcasts. He said this is the Saga so you know know know know know know know know know well like um okay like um lunch. Oh that actually that still works. Works works works works works works works works. Okay, that's fast. How long how long so well uh I mean okay um um um um um um um um um uh I mean were you sitting on that one? How long was I sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting on the drag come? yeah. You know like um uh you know um well so. So so so so so so so so. Well, give well, give well, give well, give well, give well, give well, give well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, give well, give me the name of this episode. That's a visual. Hey uh hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey uh hey uh hey uh hey uh hey uh hey uh hey uh hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey uh you know you know you know you know so so uh Noah, this is is is is is is is is is good book really. This is a good book. I just looked at you know know know know know know know know know uh well you know like I mean uh okay this cover. This is is is is is is is is is a good book. I love this cover this. You know what? like okay well um um um um um um um um um uh you know you know so No joke, this is I think think think think think think think think think this is my favorite cover. We've hit so far. It's definitely a cover that like,.