Hello. Hello. My name is Ben Hill singer. And this is the big fat snare snare snare snare snare snare snare snare snare um like um uh I mean um you know like drum podcast. Today's episode is is is is is is is is is part 1 of my conversation with Dan Bailey where we like so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so well so discuss five things to avoid when working on a session for for for for for for for for for an artist well like like you know you know like um so Dan is is is is is is is is is a drummer music director engineer and multi-instrumentalist who's played with Father John Misty first uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know you know uh um okay like aid kit rain wolf and and and and and and and and and many more. He recently he recently he recently he recently he recently he recently he he he he he he he he he recently he recently he recently released his video series that so so you know know know know know know know know know well like like I mean like Bailey method Parts one and two recorded that his his his his his his his his his own Studio track land in Orange County you know well so um like um um um um um um um um um uh you know in part. One Dan one Dan one Dan one one one one one one one one one Dan one Dan one Dan one Dan one Dan one Dan discusses his methods for for for for for for for for for setting up tuning and ultimately recording a drum like I mean like uh well well well well well well well well well well I mean uh kit. He does he does he does he does does does does does does does does does he does he does he does he does he does this all in in in in in in in in in real time, which is rare. So you see exactly how I mean um um um um um um um um um well you know I mean well okay um he does it with no brakes. It's amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing part two Dives little deeper into how so uh I mean okay I I I I I I I I I mean I mean you know I mean and why he Taylor's sounds for for for for for for for for for specific applications. You can check those out at okay um well okay I mean so I I I I I I I I I mean um D Richard Bailey Bailey spelled be a IL e why.com and check check check check check check check check check them you know like okay you know uh um so you know out on Instagram @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ D Richard Bailey enjoy the show. This episode is brought to you by the big.