All right, folks here. He is he is he is he is he is is is is is is is is is he is he is he is he is the big fella from from from from from from from from from the big North. We so um uh uh I mean I mean okay I I I I I I I I I mean have brought him in yet once again and yet once again another action-packed power power power power power power power power power well um I mean um okay um like you know suit Tyler had have you you you you you you you you you seen something this ridiculous? We asked Alex last week. Have uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like like well so you seen this type of soup come in the studio? studio studio studio studio studio studio studio studio It's not ridiculous. I I mean uh you know like like um I mean so so so so so so so so so think it's a good-looking suit. I it's like a mix of Obama's beige suit suit suit suit suit suit suit suit suit well okay I mean so um so um okay and a J.Crew model. Model model model model model model model model. It's actually a J.Crew suit look, That you Tyler this um you know like like like like like like like like like uh okay so okay okay guy is dialed in and now what it what is is is is is is is is is the flower there? It's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's a it's a it's a it's a uh you know I mean well well well well well well well well well I mean um you know I mean lapel Rob. It's little lapel, you know, it it it it it it it it it adds a little flare a little spice. So like uh you know like uh um I I I I I I I I I mean uh you are and are you going to work right after this? this this this this this this this this Well, yeah, you keep I mean well um like um I mean you know well well well well well well well well well getting me right before my work shifts. So well, so what we're going to you you you you you you you you you know so uh you know uh I mean I mean um do here again, again, again, again, again, again, again, again, again, we got a couple action-packed guests for you folks. We got I mean well um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like well I mean well a big before anything. We got a big episode coming out Tuesday with animal planet's Forest galante we brought.