Hello and welcome back to the not another Runner podcast. Thank you so much for for for for for for for for for joining like I mean um you know you know like um uh today. I am am am am am am am am am so thankful that you have downloaded this episode and that you okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well like I mean I mean I mean you know choose to listen today. Today today today today today today today today. I've had an awful cold all week. So hopefully I'll be able okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so um I mean so I mean I mean to get through this introduction without without without without without without without without without losing my voice. So today's so today's so today's so today's so today's so today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's so today's so today's so today's episode is something I um well like so um um um um um um um um um um you know um couldn't wait to publish. The guest today is a fellow Irishman the very very very very very very very very very first so I mean okay uh you know well I mean okay wash guest of a a a a a a a a a podcast. And someone I have followed on social media for like so well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so so uh a long while now. I'd actually I'd actually I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd actually I'd actually I'd actually I'd actually I'd actually I'd actually I'd actually heard of of of of of of of of of this guest back on another podcast like uh well you know uh like well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh God over a year ago. Now whilst now whilst now whilst now whilst now now now now now now now now now whilst now whilst now whilst now whilst now whilst I was training for the London London London London London London London London London marathon and I remember well uh I mean like uh um uh okay listening thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking wow, this guy is crazy like what he has achieved. I okay so okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so was just bewildered by his achievements. He is an ultra runner from penarth Cardiff South Wales. His name is Reese Jenkins. He.