The truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth you're listening to think fags. Fags fags fags fags fags fags fags fags. When like so um um uh um uh well big bank and DJ Scream laughing laughing laughing laughing laughing laughing laughing laughing laughing first class sounds is the voice of DJ Scream you know um like you know know know know know know know know know um you know so uh big Bankers his time for another edition of big big big big big big big big big fashion big bank. We got okay well uh I mean well okay you know you you you you you you you you you know family in the building y'all nudity is on big fast, nobody. Welcome. Welcome. You know know know know know know know know know like uh so you know so you know so. Welcome. How you feeling, bro? bro bro bro bro bro bro bro bro Feeling good. Just nod his head ha ha ha. You know well so so well you you you you you you you you you know well um. It's a conversation. This ain't this ain't this ain't this this this this this this this this this ain't this ain't this ain't this ain't this ain't this ain't no interview. I think think think think think think think think think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think think think think think think think think think I think this is just so like well okay well I mean uh you know know know know know know know know know a conversation. It's like talking to you know, one of your partner and well, you you you you you you you you you know you know uh I mean uh okay uh okay why don't women women women women women women women women women man talk real talk, but one thing you got to do we know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um so like I mean like you know okay you're going to do is is is is is is is is is just addition is swear that you going to you know you know so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay uh tell the truth the whole truth nothing, but it was just big big big big big big big big big fast tradition. Can I can I can I can I can I can I can can can can can can can can can I can I can I mean uh uh um um uh okay you know you do do do do do do do do do that? Hmm? Okay. All right, cool. So what we left off last um like like like like like like like like like so I mean uh so so well time we talked it was just just just just just just just just just just just talking about you and wrapping and being you know okay I mean like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay Rapper and how you like you Embrace certain parts of it, but certain certain certain certain certain certain certain certain certain parts of it you I mean okay uh well so well you know um um um um um um um um um like. So what space are you in now with just the whole rap shit, by the way,.