What is everybody this is recovery when I'm Jay lag and I'm NB and um um um um um um um um um you know I mean um um you know um well this episode is recapping reviewing the the the the the the the the the season finale of see of chilling Adventures of Sabrina um I mean well okay so so so so so so so so so um so like season 3 episode 8 and it's called chapter 28. Sabrina is Legend Legend Legend Legend Legend Legend Legend Legend Legend and don't forget guys you know you know like okay like okay so okay stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick around for the any because we are going to go through our recap roundups. Like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh you know I mean uh um. Our best moments are best lines lines lines lines lines lines lines lines lines of the episode. So be sure to stick like okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh well uh you know around for that. We also have our contest going on on on on on on on on on right now for a like uh okay um uh well well like chance to win a a a a a a a a a $50 Amazon gift card and a pop socket. To enter to enter to enter enter enter enter enter enter enter enter enter to enter to enter to enter to enter to enter to enter just written so so so so so so so so so well like well you know well okay um comments on our iTunes page and you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll be entered in the draw. We're extending this I mean so uh like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean so contest to the end of Riverdale season for so we we we we we we we we we have lots of time as uh like um I mean I mean like you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh always to or containing listeners in a brand new ones. Thank you for joining us. Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh you know uh uh okay I mean uh okay. Don't forget don't forget don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't forget don't forget don't forget don't forget don't forget don't forget don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't forget to like comment and subscribe to the channel. Let's get let's get let's get get get get get get get get get let's get let's get let's get let's get let's get let's get into the the the the the the the the the episode. Okay so I mean I mean um you know um okay. Yo, let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's get into it the season finale. What do you think? It was it um you know know know know know know know know know I mean uh uh well like okay was good? It was it was it it it it it it it it it was it was it was it was it was it was it was was was was was was was was was really good. They're a couple things that I think I would have wanted done differently. But But But But But But But But But yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, I'm still satisfied with what we got and.