If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know okay um you know um. Let me explain. First of first of of of of of of of of of first of first of first of first of first of first of first of all, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's free. Secondly, they give you creation well I mean you know uh you you you you you you you you you know so well so tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or computer um I mean so um um you know I I I I I I I I I mean I mean anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be be be be be be be be be heard on Spotify uh I mean um you know so so um you know Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with no well well well well well well well well well well so okay I mean I mean well I mean minimum listenership. It's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the so well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like well um like free anchor app or go to Anchor dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot f m-- to get started today. Welcome you know okay like uh well well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay to the flip the script podcast. I'm your host in a lie, and and and and and and and and and I'm a so uh so like um um I mean uh full-time reseller on on on on on on on on on eBay and Poshmark. My store my store my store my store my store my my my my my my my my my store my store my store my store in closet name is Elle. Duccio okay okay well you you you you you you you you you know so I mean like so ELD uch. Oh and you can find find find find find find find find find me on Instagram and YouTube as El dijo okay okay so okay like like like like like like like like like okay um you know Thrift. I'm really excited about this week's guest I had had had had had had had had had the opportunity to speak with a friend of mine and his name is Blake. Blake can be.