Hi everyone. Welcome to the Laura horn art podcast. Richie is joining me again, again, again, again, again, again, again, again, again, and like I mean okay uh like well um uh we are chatting about about about about about about about about about finishing a painting last week. We talked we talked we talked we talked we talked we we we we we we we we we talked we talked we talked we talked about so uh um well like well so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh getting started the painting that I talked about last week. I have I have have have have have have have have have I have I have I have I have I have I have I have finished finished finished finished finished finished finished finished finished and now I mean okay okay so well so okay well I'm sharing all the tips tips tips tips tips tips tips tips tips and techniques and ideas that I use in my own uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um uh well so Studio practice when I get to the finishing stage speaking of of of of of of of of of starting and okay well okay like uh well uh um finishing this podcast is brought brought brought brought brought brought brought brought brought to you by my online class layer by layer you know uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so um well so you know where you will see Me paint a large abstract abstract abstract abstract abstract abstract abstract abstract abstract painting from start to finish. So if you'd okay okay uh you know so so so so so so so so so you know uh okay like to see that process head on over to Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura horn art.com forward slash classes well okay so well like I mean I I I I I I I I I mean so click on layer by layer and don't forget to use the coupon coupon coupon coupon coupon coupon coupon coupon coupon code. The coupon the coupon the coupon the coupon the coupon the coupon the the the the the the the the the coupon the coupon the coupon well well I mean well so um okay so is is is is is is is is is 20 in Feb 2 0 infe be and you will save 20% on I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean uh so okay so I mean that class up to the the the the the the the the the 19th of March 2020. So that's so that's so that's so that's so that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's so that's so that's so that's so that's when the coupon expires. Hello Laura he going I'm very good. It's.