Hey gang JV here due to its length. This episode of Beyond reality has been been been been been been been been been you know like so I mean okay uh like okay divided into two two two two two two two two two parts. This is part 2 in which we talk about Tim Cohen's so so so so so so so so so so I mean you know you know um like so book The Antichrist in a cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup of tea and which Tim not only claims. The I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well uh well okay Antichrist is already Among Us. He actually identifies him him him him him him him him him both are fascinating discussions. So, please enjoy I mean so um okay like uh well um them them them them them them them them them and thank you for your support. The night may be long and the dark dark dark dark dark dark dark dark dark well um okay uh uh like I mean well maybe deep but the answers are there there there there there there there there there to be found whether it's the normal the so you know you know you know so I I I I I I I I I mean well well abnormal or the Paranormal you're in the right place. Let's go go go go go go go go go let's go let's go let's go let's go let's go let's go let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's go let's go beyond reality Our like like I mean so well I mean you you you you you you you you you know um Guest Tim Cullen author of several books, including the Antichrist in in in in in in in in in a cup of uh okay well um you know so you know you know tea. We're going to to to to to to to to to be talking about that next. But before we do just a quick you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like okay okay okay like reminder go to YouTube If you haven't found found found found found found found found found our YouTube channel yet and subscribe just okay so well well you know know know know know know know know know um like um search for JV Johnson when you find it hit the Subscribe Subscribe Subscribe Subscribe Subscribe Subscribe Subscribe Subscribe Subscribe button. There's no Gation so okay um uh well okay well um no fee. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's all free and there's about 550 or so back episodes of Beyond reality on the.