Hello everybody. My name is Rachel Braun and welcome back to this episode of of of of of of of of of I mean I mean you know okay you know you know like uh Brawn Brawn Brawn Brawn Brawn Brawn Brawn Brawn Brawn and brains. So this week we have a really interesting guest. His name is is is is is is is is is Zach you know like like uh so okay um um so up, but you may may may may may may may may may know him as the Nittany Lion so I actually knew a I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well I mean uh um like uh little bit about Zach before this this this this this this this this this year before he revealed himself as the Nittany I mean I mean well so well well well well well well well well well okay so um Lion because rumors around the College of IST, IST, IST, IST, IST, IST, IST, IST, IST, which I'm a part of said that you know like okay okay um you know know know know know know know know know um like the The line was actually in our major. So I had a little heads-up heads-up heads-up heads-up heads-up heads-up heads-up heads-up heads-up who so okay uh like um um um like is going to be but but but but but but but but but not really a lot of people have had classes um okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well okay you know um Zach and I were new so that was kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of cool a Penn State. It's kept you know like you know so um um um um um um um um um um um I mean secret till their senior year who our mascot is and a few few few few few few few few few months ago during you know I mean um like okay okay uh you know football football football football football football football football football season, right you revealed yourself. So that's kind of cool. You want to give give give give give give give give give you know I mean so uh well um um okay us a little introduction about yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself sack. Yeah. So, my so, my so, my so, my so, my so, my so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, my so, my so, my name is zach. You know you know you you you you you you you you you know you know you know you know you know you know you know know know know know know know know know uh I mean uh well um um you know. So I study cyber security in the College of information sciences and Technology. I was selected in my.