I nursing I nursing I nursing I nursing I nursing I nursing I I I I I I I I I nursing I nursing I nursing students, it's Dean terpil. And this is the Enterprise podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Today is like well so like I mean uh uh so Friday, March 6th 2020. I I I I I I I I I wanted to touch base with all of you because it you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so okay like uh um feels like there's been a lot going going going going going going going going going on this week, even though we've been on spring I mean I mean um you know know know know know know know know know um um like like break. I usually only send an email with a link to the theory theory theory theory theory theory theory theory theory courses. Well well like so I mean like uh uh. So if you have a a a a a a a a a friend or relative a classmate who's in the in okay um you know okay so so so so so so so so so so you know you know your clinical group, but not your theory class. Please pass this this this this this this this this this information on to them or tell so um you know like like uh you know know know know know know know know know you know them to contact me so I can send them the link. Link link link link link link link link. This uh well I mean well you know you know so um is important information that that that that that that that that that I want all of you to have. It's going to okay um um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um I mean be even more important than usual for us to be in in in in in in in in in communication for like well uh so you know you know well you know you to have good good good good good good good good good communication with the nursing program over the next several weeks. You need I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean I mean I mean so you know like to get get get get get get get get get in the habit of checking your BC email. You need to check any messages in D2L frequently things could change rapidly as things have changed rapidly over the.