Are you ready? Are you going to do stuff you want me to introduce you? you you you you you you you you um um you know so okay okay like uh Okay, what's up guys? My My My My My My My My My name my name my name my name my name my name my name my my my my my my my my my name my name is Andre. You're listening to this. You already I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so like like like okay know who I am. I'm in the car with with with with with with with with with Logan. So guys, so guys, so guys, so guys, so guys, so guys, so so so so so so so so so guys, so guys, so guys, how's it going? uh um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know well you know like Okay, so Logan's my little from McMurray, but we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're not going to mention McMurray well I mean you know well you know um well like the the the the the the the the the rest of this podcast because we we went to tank. It's all all all all all all all all all about the I mean like uh I mean um uh I mean like only school school school school school school school school school we went to but we are currently driving. Back to back to back to back back back back back back back back back to back to back to back to back to back to Abilene for alumni alumni alumni alumni alumni alumni alumni alumni alumni weekend okay you know well so okay you know uh um Don't ask either of of of of of of of of of us why we had really don't have any other excuse. Yeah. I uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like you know well so so don't know why we going. All right guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys before we jump into this episode. So like like well um um like um. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going to tell you real quick about anchor if you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard of banker. Okay uh you know um I mean okay you know um. Um um um um um um um um. It's literally it's literally it's literally it's literally it's literally it's literally it's literally it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's literally it's literally the easiest way to make a podcast because everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you need you know so um okay I mean okay okay like is in one place. Place place place place place place place place. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast. So right from your phone.