Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I you know well well well well well well well well well you know um you know uh like like want to thank you for your support support support support support support support support support and listening to each episode and I okay well okay like so well well well well well well well well well um like hope you enjoy this one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make well so you know okay so well um okay podcast. It's totally totally totally totally totally totally totally totally totally free that's creation tools that allow you to record and edit like you know know know know know know know know know I mean um uh you know well like your podcast right from your phone or or or or or or or or or computer anchor will distribute your podcast um well like you know um so well well well well well well well well well okay for you. So you can be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google Google Google Google Google Google Google Google Google podcast and well um I mean like like um so okay many more you can also also also also also also also also also make money from your podcast. It's everything you so um so like um so so so so so so so so so uh okay need to make a successful podcast download the free. God will will will will will will will will will go to Anchor FM well I mean uh you know okay like you know like like like like like like like like like to get started at every touch point of you doing business with your customers give give give give give give give give give like well I mean like um I mean uh well them 10 times times times times times times times times times the value that they expect will comes to mind is okay so like like like like like like like like like like um like you know I mean my book The Five AM Club. I spent four four four four four four four four four years on the five like like like I mean I mean um uh so am am am am am am am am am Club. I rewrote it over 50 times every line. I wanted it to be the absolute best. I have to give to the world I wanted.