Hey everyone, it's Deanna from Midwest Chicana. And I am here to tell you you you you you you you you you about so well uh uh uh you know like um the amazing app. I'm using right right right right right right right right right now. It is called anchor this is the you know uh okay well okay you know know know know know know know know know uh uh app. I use to create my podcast and I heard about it from from from from from from from from from a um I mean I mean uh like uh uh um friend of mine who actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually does it as well because I thought at first oh so um I mean you you you you you you you you you know uh okay like I mean my gosh, I want to do a podcast. But But But But But But But But But how am I you know um like well well uh okay you know going to to to to to to to to to do it? I have no equipment. I have no money and I want like like like like like like like like like so you know you know I mean uh um uh to ensure that all our our our our our our our our our voices out here in the Midwest get heard and I mean okay like I I I I I I I I I mean well uh um I mean how do we do that on a platform platform platform platform platform platform platform platform platform without spending a lot of ton um so I mean um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh of money, especially when you don't know what to do. So she she she she she she she she she told me about I mean uh um so I mean I mean like okay anchor it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's absolutely free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and well uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um so like okay edit your podcast bright from your phone or computer anchor will will will will will will will will will distribute your okay okay like uh um you know um you know podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you so we can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more more more more more more more more more you know uh uh well um I mean uh um and you can make money with with with with with with with with with your pockets, which is the most amazing thing ever um um you know know know know know know know know know uh you know like um you know with no minimum listenership. So if so so so so so so so so so if so if so if so if so if so if so if if if if if if if if if so if you're ready, I'm going to tell you right well uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so um well now to just do it. It's everything you need to make a a a a a a a a a podcast in one um okay well like uh well you know you know place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.