Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like I I I I I I I I I mean uh I mean okay like I mean so so to encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um so you know okay well Anchor Todd FM to get started on this. It It It It It It It It It has made it. So easy so easy so easy so easy so easy so so so so so so so so so easy so easy so easy so easy like you know well well you know so so so so so so so so so so I mean guys, I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so so so so so so so so so easy. If I had only like so you know okay okay well like so known known known known known known known known known it like five ten years before early because all I need to do I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um okay uh you know well okay is download the anchor. I have have have have have have have have have record my voice in it and just click post I mean you you you you you you you you you know well you know like you know I mean okay and anchor will do do do do do do do do do all the job for me. It will it will it will it will it will will will will will will will will will it will it will it will it will publish it in all like uh so so so so so so so so so like uh well you know um the major podcast sides. You know apps that that that that that that that that that are available and I do not need um well I mean so um um um um um um um um um well like so to do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also also also also also also also also also need you know like uh okay I mean um you know you you you you you you you you you know to make use of it. If you if you if you if you if if if if if if if if if you if you if you if you if you have a message if you have have have have have have have have have some like okay like uh well you know well like come content, which you you you you you you you you you feel that needs to reach out to the world like okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh um you know or simply want to post something make sure you you you you you you you you you use this. Mascara. Now my now my now my now my now my now my my my my my my my my my now my now my now my Skyrim you know you know so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean everyone welcome back to my shoes podcast. So this log is a little little little little little little little little little bit late. This is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is the log on my Agatha.