I did not have sexual relations with that woman. Yes or no. Did you ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever take okay I mean so so like you know um um banned substances to to to to to to to to to enhance your cycling performance? Yes. I had no prior knowledge of you know so so so so so so so so so well I mean um uh so uh the planned assault on Nancy kerrigan. Kerrigan Kerrigan Kerrigan Kerrigan Kerrigan Kerrigan Kerrigan Kerrigan. I'm deeply sorry for my irresponsible and selfish um um uh well um so so so so so so so so so uh I mean behavior. I engaged in. Ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and gentlemen, it is. Oops the the the the the the the the the oops the oops the oops the oops the oops the oops the oops the oops oops oops oops oops oops oops oops oops the podcast we are joined you know well like so so okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh as always by Francis Ellis. Hey, I'm here and we have a special special special special special special special special special guest today so um uh okay I mean you know uh you know Mateo Mateo Mateo Mateo Mateo Mateo Mateo Mateo Mateo Lane High buongiorno. I done special guests have started 40 minutes ago, but I I I I I I I I I I mean okay uh okay well uh so like came in with my PR person person person person person person person person person my lighting crew my director my I mean, I really um well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so uh uh um divided up walking sure I did this Andrew Collins to but but but but but but but but but to be um uh I mean um um so uh okay fair when when when when when when when when when I was at his podcast like three years ago. I walked in and okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so you know uh okay well well he told me on the the the the the the the the the spot that it was going to be on camera like um okay okay you know know know know know know know know know well so well and it was Pouring rain. I look like shit mike. Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike. You have to let people well well I mean so like I mean I I I I I I I I I mean so fucking know you're going to be on fucking camera. I let him have it like 20 minutes.