Hey and hey and hey and hey and hey and hey and and and and and and and and and hey and hey and hey and welcome back. Hello, everybody. Hello? Hello? Hi ryan. Ryan Ryan Ryan Ryan Ryan Ryan Ryan Ryan. Hi Curtis. How are you know you know well you know so I I I I I I I I I mean uh okay you? I'm good. How are you? I'm so good. So so so so so so so so so so good. It's like okay uh like um well I mean okay been it's been a a a a a a a a a pretty eventful like week, I guess since we last recorded. Um you um um um um um um um um um you um you um you um you um you um you um you um um um um um um um um um you know uh um you know I mean well you know. Yeah, and we we we we we we we we we recorded this coming episode. This guests this guests this guests this guests this guests this this this this this this this this this guests this guests this guests this guests really really early. We did we did. Um Um Um Um Um Um Um Um Um well um well um well um well um well um well um well um well well well well well well well well well um well um um okay okay well like. This is actually hints to everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody at our behind-the-scenes process, but this little Snippets recorded okay um like uh well like like like like like like like like like uh like after your episode. Halftime, so we actually did have our guests on a a a a a a a a a little bit like okay okay I mean um uh you know so earlier this week. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, when he was here because of the way that you know, this Gus Gus Gus Gus Gus Gus Gus Gus Gus like like you know you know um um well well could make it around around around around around around around around around but you know, we're recording the intro after we record the so well you you you you you you you you you know okay so okay um so actual episode. Typically. We like to record record record record record record record record record the intro this this snippet part like um like okay okay well um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean without the guest even being around. Yeah. So it just the way okay like like like like like like like like like so I mean uh I mean okay well it works. So usually we recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded before the guest shows up this last step the set so okay um uh you you you you you you you you you know uh uh uh this guess we didn't have time to yeah. But anyways, how was how was your week bit how how things been for you?.