This week's this week's this week's this week's this week's this week's this week's this this this this this this this this this week's this week's episode is all about working away from the home Mamas and and and and and and and and and the so so uh like so I mean I mean well stay-at-home moms. And And And And And And And And And we just kind of want to share our experiences since I stay like uh like like like like like like like like like I mean I mean um I mean well at home with my kids Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam works out of the home and just well like um like well like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay kind of bring a little bit of insight and show you that there are are are are are are are are are okay uh so I mean so so so um really great things. There are are are are are are are are are some really messy Parts about each roll. So go and like well I I I I I I I I I mean okay you know like like like do whatever you do when you listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen to podcasts whether you're cleaning your kitchen I mean I mean like well so um um um um um um um um um um um or throw your kiddos in their stroller and go for a walk and let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's so uh like I mean uh like like um chat. Hey mamas, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Sam and I'm Taryn and together. We're the we're the we're the we're the the the the the the the the the we're the we're the we're the we're the we're the messy Mama's um I I I I I I I I I mean I mean um like okay I mean okay we've created the messy messy messy messy messy messy messy messy messy Mama pod because we've both experienced the messiness that motherhood brings. Okay I mean um um um um um um um um um okay uh uh uh well. We're completely unfiltered and unapologetically ourselves as we chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat about all things motherhood. Once a like um well so uh you know um I I I I I I I I I mean month were going to be spotlighting one of you mama's so that you you you you you you you you you can share your so like like um so I mean you know like story advocate advocate advocate advocate advocate advocate advocate advocate advocate for your babies and connect with the other messy moms in our you you you you you you you you you know you know I mean okay you know like like um community dry. Shampoo Shampoo Shampoo Shampoo Shampoo Shampoo Shampoo Shampoo Shampoo is our best friend in this shirt may or may not be Queen. Our lives are completely chaotic.