Welcome To Girls Club a space where you'll experience realness vulnerability and empowerment to thrive thrive thrive thrive thrive thrive thrive thrive thrive in like so uh you know like I mean uh I mean their their their their their their their their their relationships around you. I'm Angie white and I'm Shelby Diaz and you grams 7 twinsies twinsies twinsies twinsies twinsies twinsies twinsies twinsies twinsies like um I mean you know like like okay like active students in the the the the the the the the the space of friendships a less common type of relationship well I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like well well that's discussed. And we're here to share all that. We've learned we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've learned we've learned we've learned we've learned we've learned we've learned we've learned we've learned learned learned learned learned learned learned learned learned and still learning so grab a well uh well well well I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay cold brew and join us at the table. This is the girls go podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. So like like so you know like okay um like Shelby nangi here and I wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to give a little shout out to Miss Perry like okay well um well you know know know know know know know know know I mean okay who's listening every week and I wanted to say hello. I I I I I I I I I love you. I mean I mean well you know uh um um uh. Thanks for thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for for for for for for for for for changing my diapers when I was little and I have a shout-out to to Perry Perry Perry Perry Perry Perry Perry Perry Perry okay well well you know like um uh like the Platypus just wish that you never never never never never never never never never seen. What is that is on Disney Channel um like well like you know um um um um um um um um um well well and here's some for us. Yes. Oh, yeah, Hey, where's Perry? Perry Perry Perry Perry Perry Perry Perry Perry He's like a spy. What was your favorite cartoon growing up favorite cartoon at what age like.