Have you thought about making your own podcast? Have you thought about views views views views views views views views views and like like okay I mean uh like you know you know opinions and and and and and and and and and expertise you would like to share with the world? Well anchor is the uh uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay uh uh easiest way to make a podcast. That's all making this this this this this this this this this podcast. Anchor gives so you know I mean you know I mean you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you everything you need in one place for free and you can easily easily easily easily easily easily easily easily easily download like okay so uh like like like like it onto your mobile device or or or or or or or or or computer. They have Amazing Creation tools allowing you to like uh okay like well well well well well well well well well I mean you know uh record and edit so your podcast sounds great and they they they they they they they they they even distribute your podcast to um okay you know you know I mean okay well well well well well well well well well um Spotify. Apple podcast apple podcast apple podcast apple podcast apple podcast apple podcast apple podcast apple apple apple apple apple apple apple apple apple podcast apple podcast Google podcast and so many more and the best part you you you you you you you you you I mean so so um like okay okay you know can easily make money with with with with with with with with with your podcast with no minimum listenership. So go download the app um okay you you you you you you you you you know you know okay I mean well um anchor or go to ANC hor dot f f f f f f f f f m-- to get started. Hey, it's Ryan Reedy and you know so well um well well well well well well well well well you know so okay this is episode 102 of the two-minute tennis podcast. So So So So So So So So So I'm going to share with you know okay uh like so well you know know know know know know know know know okay you a kind of the the lesson that I had today with for high-level women's doubles players.