Hey guys, quick add break here to talk to you about anchor this is is is is is is is is is the app uh I mean uh so like I mean like um that I actually use to to to to to to to to to make and distribute bitch work is how I first um I mean okay um um um um um um um um um I mean so uh um got started with the podcast and it's so incredibly easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy to use. It's an um um like so well okay you know well app app app app app app app app app you download on your phone it's free and it's essentially a creation tool that allows allows allows allows allows allows allows allows allows so uh I mean so I mean well uh you know you to record record record record record record record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or well um you know uh like like like like like like like like like well so I mean computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. It's so incredibly incredibly incredibly incredibly incredibly incredibly incredibly incredibly incredibly easy so it you know uh okay like so you know I mean you you you you you you you you you know can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and so much more bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch work literally okay I mean well well so uh I mean you know got distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute it to Modify an apple podcasts within a day of me um so uh so so so so so so so so so I mean I mean so uh uploading my first episode you can make money from your your your your your your your your your podcast on anchor with like like so well so uh I mean so no minimum listenership and and and and and and and and and it's everything you need to make a podcast and wine okay um you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like well uh well place. If you guys want to get started making a a a a a a a a a podcast or have an amazing idea download the uh you know you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh uh free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Started started started started started started started started. Hey guys. I you know um um like well um I mean well am so so so so so so so so so excited to bring you this week's episode of a bitch work podcast. I am here with yeren Kim and assistant editor at 17. We're actually.