I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN app so well well well well well well well well well so I mean so so well you know TV top now let let let let let let let let let the buzz. What is up afterbuzzers? Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back back back back back back back back back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to our you you you you you you you you you know okay I mean uh so so uh well dare me after show. Today. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're going to be breaking down season 1 episode 9 like I mean well well well well well well well well well well like like I mean so fog of War. This is the penultimate episode of of of of of of of of of this season things are um like well um I mean so well well well well well well well well well well getting so real and we have so much to talk about. I'm well I'm well I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm well I'm well I'm well I'm well I'm well I'm well I'm well okay like like like like like like like like like so uh uh so so your host Taylor grades and I am joined by two amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing panelists tonight to uh I mean uh um like I mean I mean like like like like like like like like like my left. We have Ashman what's up guys and to her left. We have we have have have have have have have have have we have we have we have we have we have we have we have have have have have have have have have a moon so well um well like well so you know a hello winning winning winning winning winning winning winning winning winning in that jean jacket with yay. Yes. We're 20 today. I'm excited to like well well well well well well well well well you know okay so okay so well do the adding to my bathroom. You're glad glad glad glad glad glad glad glad glad I guess okay. I'm in the uh you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean I mean I mean back. A monkey amonkey amonkey amonkey amonkey amonkey amonkey amonkey amonkey amonkey amonkey amonkey amonkey amonkey amonkey amonkey amonkey in the middle right guys, what did you think of of of of of of of of of this like like so uh okay well you know I mean episode? This was so so so so so so so so so emotionally thrilling there was like so many moments where you didn't know what was happening things were being.