Hi everyone. Welcome to ocbc insights. I'm Selena Ling Chief Economist for CPC well well like like like like like like like like like okay so you know uh well bang today. I'm sharing with you about the feds feds feds feds feds feds feds feds feds emergency 50 basis point cut uh um um uh okay uh so well the the the the the the the the the fat unanimously cut the federal funds rate by an emergency 50-point citing a material change okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh uh uh you know you know uh in the u.s. Outlook due due due due due due due due due to the covid-19 outbreak fed chairman Powell basically um you know like okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know indicated that the virus and the measures that are being taken taken taken taken taken taken taken taken taken to contain. It will it will it will it will it will it will it it it it it it it it it will it will it will surely I mean uh you know okay like like like like like like like like like okay so well way on economic activity both in the US and abroad for for for for for for for for for some time. This came um so um okay so I mean so uh earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier than scheduled March fomc meeting but clearly illustrates. What we said about the um um um um um um um um um um I mean okay I mean um I mean well FED being cornered in to to to to to to to to to a 50 basis point cut by market. The well the well the well the well well well well well well well well well the well the well the well the well the well uh you know okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um question that remains is where will the FED go from here? If If If If If If If If If you if you if you if you if you if you if you if if if if if if if if if you if you reference well okay well uh uh I mean like like like like like like like like like like the G7 meeting of Finance Chiefs that actually felt to reveal more than verbal verbal verbal verbal verbal verbal verbal verbal verbal jawboning. Uh like okay uh so um like like. So our senses look to to to to to to to to to the market reaction Wall Street quickly sold off while US Treasury bonds got an adrenaline boost. We saw the two-year you.