What's up - Lapham. Welcome to taking sides the marriage podcast with Dylan um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so you know okay I mean you know and Ashlee of the the the the the the the the the - Lee's we are on a high right now. We just um so I I I I I I I I I mean um so I mean like like filmed one podcast with one of my my my my my my my my my heroes in this world Ralphie like okay well like uh like you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh Jacobs from taking from taking sides from Simply on purpose - we should ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever on uh okay you know okay um okay well you know this podcast. So that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's so that's so that's so that's so that's so that's so that's so that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's so that's going to be on big little life right now. We like like like like like like like like like like you know so uh like uh you know have all of your emails. We're just just just just just just just just just going to go through them answer them well you know well so you know know know know know know know know know uh I mean okay with our heart. I'm really trying to answer these well well well well well well well well well for you guys down and so you know well um like so well so I I I I I I I I I are just two normal people. Or and we have our own struggles. So um um um um um um um um um so um so um so um so um so um so um so um um um um um um um um um so um so well like so okay like so we're just going to tell you you you you you you you you you what we would hope that we um you know um like um like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay would do in these situations. We would hope that we would do and will also also also also also also also also also so I mean uh I mean um um um so tell you what we have have have have have have have have have done which was probably what we hoped. We wouldn't do combined with like you you you you you you you you you know so so uh I mean so uh some things. We've learned we've learned we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've learned we've learned we've learned we've learned we've learned we've learned we've learned in marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage therapy and books and all that good like I mean okay um I mean well well well well well well well well well um like stuff. So without further Ado, let's get started by do it looks of of of of of of of of of mine okay you know uh um well like like okay with the stuff from books. Books books books books books books books books. Hey everyone, you're listening to taking sides with the - Lee's a show where couples and.