Are you guys today's episode of the drunk tank podcast is brought to you you you you you you you you you I mean okay well well I mean I mean um uh by anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting in distributing your podcast. Best I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean okay you know you know I mean okay of all, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's a hundred percent free. It's ridiculously easy to use now anger can match you you you you you you you you you okay I mean well uh uh I mean well so with great spot. So you you you you you you you you you want to advertise on your podcast. That means you can uh uh well like like like like like like like like like uh um so um get paid to podcasts right away. In In In In In In In In In fact, that's what I'm doing right now um so like like you know you know know know know know know know know know so I mean by reading sad I said it before but you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, we love like um so uh um I mean okay um using incre you you you you you you you you you can hit record start talking. It stopped it stopped it stopped it stopped it it it it it it it it it stopped it stopped it stopped it stopped it stopped save the audio. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's very easy I mean well like I mean I mean you know okay uh to to to to to to to to to you know, Trim the starting and end points if you want to cut out out out out out out out out out uh so okay um you know like well like some, you know dead are very very very very very very very very very easy to do that as well. So, you so, you so, you so, you so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, you so, you so, you so, you so, you uh you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um I mean so know, if you've always wanted to start a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and make money doing it go like you know um I mean uh like like like like like like like like like like uh to Anchor dot f m / start that's anchored FM / start start start start start start start start start Let's Roll um okay um you know like okay uh well whole ruin the lives lives lives lives lives lives lives lives lives in with an hour race, Binghamton. We don't have anything to look forward to all year. So in that that first Saturday March.