We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting I mean um um okay you know I mean like um your own own own own own own own own own podcast, let me tell you something. If you haven't heard okay well um um um um um um um um um so like okay like well about anchor is the easiest way to make make make make make make make make make a podcast. Let me explain it's like well so okay I mean like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh free their creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right right right right right right right right right well like okay uh you know well I mean uh from your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone or computer. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So you can uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know okay okay well be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many many many many many many many many more you can make money from like okay um so okay uh like well well well well well well well well well your podcast. No minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast you know know know know know know know know know I mean you know like like you know uh um in one place. So download the the the the the the the the the free acre app or go to Anchored ifm to well like so I mean well well well well well well well well well so like um get started. Hey, do you want to join in on the the the the the the the the the excitement Live join well so well like uh like you know you know me me me me me me me me me every Tuesday night 7:00 p.m. On the Chevy dude YouTube channel. If you well okay like like like like like like like like like okay like like so uh can't make it check out your favourite podcasting platform at at at at at at at at at 6 a.m. Eastern time every Wednesday so so so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well morning. This is beyond where you'll learn tips and techniques on the car car car car car car car car car you know I mean you know uh so I mean okay I mean buying process. Process process process process process process process process. Us how us how us how us how us how us how us how how how how how how how how how us how us how to get the best deal what stands to watch out for and much more.