Thanks for listening to the derivative. This podcast is provided for informational purposes only and and and and and and and and and um okay well uh well I mean um uh should not be relied relied relied relied relied relied relied relied relied upon as legal business investment or tax advice all so uh you know know know know know know know know know okay uh so uh okay opinions expressed by podcast participants are solely their own own own own own own own own own opinions and do not necessarily reflect the uh so okay uh okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so opinions of RCM Alternatives their Affiliates or companies featured do to Industry regulations regulations regulations regulations regulations regulations regulations regulations regulations participants okay I mean like um like uh uh I mean on on on on on on on on on this podcast or instructed not to make specific trade recommendations nor reference pass their potential. Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh I mean um um I mean well like I mean. Pets and listeners are reminded that that that that that that that that that managed Futures commodity trading and other alternative Investments are um uh so okay um you you you you you you you you you know uh like complex and carry a risk of substantial losses as such they they they they they they they they they are not suitable well like you know I mean I mean you know you you you you you you you you you know so for all investors. Welcome to the derivative by our Sam Alternatives where we dive dive dive dive dive dive dive dive dive into uh okay uh okay uh uh like so what makes alternative Investments. Go analyze analyze analyze analyze analyze analyze analyze analyze analyze go analyze go analyze go analyze go analyze go analyze go analyze go analyze go analyze analyze analyze analyze analyze analyze analyze analyze analyze the strategies of unique hedge fund managers and chat I mean you know know know know know know know know know so you know well um you know like with interesting guests from across the investment world. World World World World World World World World. Alpha is a process for you. You're never arrived. It is the constant process of trying to be.