Hey everyone. I want I want I want I want I want I I I I I I I I I want I want I want I want to tell you about something that that that that that that that that that I like. It's anchor like so like okay like uh you know you know know know know know know know know know if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast first off. Um I mean okay um well okay okay uh. It's free doesn't cost you you you you you you you you you a dime. In fact, it can make you money. There's okay there's okay there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's okay there's okay there's okay there's okay there's okay there's okay there's okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh um like uh you know uh creation tools that allow you you you you you you you you you to record and edit your podcast right from your um you know um uh well well well well well well well well well like um okay phone or your computer. In fact some episodes of Nintendo switch switch switch switch switch switch switch switch switch craft have like okay so okay I mean um I mean um been completely made on. On on on on on on on on. My phone anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it like okay you know know know know know know know know know um um well uh I mean can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and anywhere else else else else else else else else else where you would download a um um like like uh you know know know know know know know know know well so podcast. This one's huge. You don't need a minimum listenership in order order order order order order order order order to Make well I mean well I mean you know I mean um like like like like like like like like like money from your podcast anger will sell the ads for you you record record record record record record record record record the well okay okay um so so I mean okay ones that you want and and and and and and and and and they go on your podcast. It's everything that you well I mean um um um um um um um um um I mean okay um like I mean need to make a podcast all in one place. Place place place place place place place place. So if so if so if so if so if so if so if if if if if if if if if so if so if you've always wanted I mean uh um well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know like to start a podcast, but never known where to start now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, you do download you know uh like I mean I mean well uh well the free free free free free free free free free anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started today. On episode 484 of Nintendo switch craft Bill. Where the hell have you been.