Happy birthday, happy birthday, happy birthday, happy birthday, happy birthday, happy birthday, happy birthday, birthday, birthday, birthday, birthday, birthday, birthday, birthday, birthday, happy birthday, happy birthday, the weed tube. You're two years old. And I love love love love love love love love love you. This um like okay uh like okay well you know is fun to speculate a a a a a a a a a podcast where we speculate about wild and crazy ideas. Well well you know know know know know know know know know like so like okay okay. And now and now and now and and and and and and and and and now and now and now and now and now and now here's your your your your your your your your your host Aaron Richard. Hi everybody Welcome to a brand new like you know I I I I I I I I I mean I mean so uh like uh episode of fun to speculate. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your host Aaron Richard and sitting next to like uh uh like so so um um um um um um um um um so me is producer Vlad. Hi guys. I'm back. Well, yes you were sick last last last last last last last last last okay um uh like so okay you know you know for the last episode. That's right. Right right right right right right right right. Yeah, because yeah, because yeah, because yeah, because yeah, because yeah, because yeah, because yeah, because because because because because because because because because yeah, because in the grand scheme of things well uh you know well like you you you you you you you you you know uh well we recorded it's actually been a while since we like sat here to to to to to to to to to do well like uh you know um so I mean okay and episode 2 because because because because because because because because because we recorded so many episodes in like a three-day time span I mean you you you you you you you you you know you know uh you know so so um and we had a nice little little little little little little little little little break in between and now we have to catch you know um you know I I I I I I I I I mean uh so um um up and record one like every week or schedule schedule schedule schedule schedule schedule schedule schedule schedule another week of insanity. That's okay that's okay that's okay that's okay that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's okay that's okay that's okay that's okay that's okay well well okay um um um um um um um um um so I mean well uh though. I love this show. I love this show. I I I I I I I I I want this show. I okay I okay I okay I okay I okay I okay I I I I I I I I I okay I okay I okay well I mean well I mean like uh okay hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope everyone in the world listens to that's a little bit I mean well well well well well well well well well so so you know okay um okay extreme, but, you know, I I I I I I I I I hope a lot of people enjoy it. I hope uh um okay so so so so so so so so so well so I mean I mean we keep the topics coming in good thought-provoking ways, and I just hope we always keep it entertaining for you. So, thank you.