So people are always asking me. Wow, Donna. You must be so tech-savvy how how how how how how how how how in um I mean I mean okay so so I mean I mean the world, world, world, world, world, world, world, world, world, you know how to make a podcast and I crack up because I okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um so like okay well um am not tech savvy. I just use use use use use use use use use an app called anchor which okay so uh I mean so so well okay I I I I I I I I I highly recommend to anyone. It is a free app. It gives it gives it gives gives gives gives gives gives gives gives gives it gives it gives it gives it gives it gives it gives you okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know um you know um I mean so step-by-step directions on how to to to to to to to to to create your very own podcast. The audio the audio the audio the audio the the the the the the the the the audio the audio the audio the audio the audio is exceptional. Well okay you know know know know know know know know know so I mean like uh like. There are there are there are there are there are are are are are are are are are there are there are there are there are free editing's tools and the best best best best best best best best best part is that they distribute the out like okay like well well um like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay your podcast for you and So if you're interested in making a podcast just download download download download download download download download download the you know so so like you know well okay um free anchor app or or or or or or or or or go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get get get get get get get get get started that anchor uh um okay well okay well uh you know ANC hor hor hor hor hor hor hor hor hor dot f m-- and you can have a podcast to welcome. Welcome I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay uh uh I mean I mean um to another episode of of of of of of of of of the good sign with me your host honest him in Tove. Thank well I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh I mean so I mean you so much for tuning in to to to to to to to to to this week's episode. I am thrilled honored excited really really happy to be sitting here with my most beautiful.