You're listening to the buying Graphics podcast. This is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is this is an episode that originally aired on on on on on on on on on I mean uh I mean okay well so uh so YouTube. So the used used used used used used used used used to be a visual element. There is not any you know so so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like uh so more. This is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is just for your listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening pleasure. Maybe you're out walking the dog you know um I mean so well well well well well well well well well uh well like or driving the car where it's not so easy to watch watch watch watch watch watch watch watch watch the video version. This is why I mean so uh well I mean well well well well well well well well well uh uh this audio version exists. If you like us doing this, please do leave leave leave leave leave leave leave leave leave us a well okay well like uh so uh so review wherever your podcasts we really really really really really really really really really do appreciate it and let's get into this uh so like so okay okay well so so so so so so so so so episode. So today's highly recognizable protagonist was hailed as a genius of entertainment a a a a a a a a a you know uh I mean um you know so uh um wizard of of of of of of of of of animation. A pioneer apioneer apioneer apioneer apioneer apioneer apioneer apioneer apioneer of technology and theme parks parks parks parks parks parks parks parks parks the influence of Walt Disney like okay uh so you know um so well on on on on on on on on on today's popular culture and Collective imagination. It cannot be understated. You could so so so so so so so so so uh uh okay okay so okay you know love him. You can you can you can can can can can can can can can you can you can you can you can you can you can hate him or or or or or or or or or you can love to hate him but you so like I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know um uh simply cannot ignore his work Walt Disney once famously said that that that that that that that that that laughter is America's uh you know so okay um like well well greatest export but but but but but but but but but well, it's not is actually travel and transportation with 236 billion dollars in sales in 2017, but sale of intellectual property including TV and movies.