These entrepreneurs these entrepreneurs these entrepreneurs these entrepreneurs these entrepreneurs these entrepreneurs these entrepreneurs entrepreneurs entrepreneurs entrepreneurs entrepreneurs entrepreneurs entrepreneurs entrepreneurs entrepreneurs these entrepreneurs these entrepreneurs are are one very Savvy some have been through it it it it it it it it it before some have like uh well um so uh like I mean been through multiple multiple multiple multiple multiple multiple multiple multiple multiple exits others. This is a first-time kind of thing, but they so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean I mean uh I mean like all have one common thread which is is is is is is is is is they know where there's a pain in well well uh you know okay okay well well well well well well well well well I mean sports or Esports. They know they know they know they know they know know know know know know know know know they know they know they know they know they have a solution for that that that that that that that that that and they know I mean I mean well uh like I mean so I I I I I I I I I mean that there are people willing to pay for that pain to go away. Away away away away away away away away. You're listening um I mean you know you know well okay okay you know to to to to to to to to to sports Tech feed the global Sports technology podcast. Fast that's right. You listen you listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen you listen you listen you listen you listen you listen you listen you listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen to sports okay like okay um um um uh like take feed. I'm your your your your your your your your your host. Tom salome's great to have you joining us. Once again, you know okay you know know know know know know know know know you know well um uh uh we've got a really insightful and and and and and and and and and interesting discussion today with Tim Hayden Tim's um um you know I mean like like like like like like like like like I mean I mean um the co-founder and managing director of stadia Ventures. Stadia Stadia Stadia Stadia Stadia Stadia Stadia Stadia Stadia is a global Sports Innovation I mean okay okay you know you know like like like like like like like like like like uh Hub, including accelerator and fund for early-stage investments in sports and Esports. They've had over over over over over over over over over you know uh uh okay um so well uh 40 cohort company since it launched launched launched launched launched launched launched launched launched in 2015, including five successful exits, and I uh well I mean I mean like like like like like like like like like so um um was lucky enough to judge their Global demo and selection day a few weeks ago and sent Lewis and.