What's good everybody? This is Mack Wilds from the guys next door and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm um you know um I mean like uh like okay here to tell you about our family family family family family family family family family what you guys the reason why like I mean well you know well like like like like like like like like like uh okay you are listening to the guys next door. Anchor. This is this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is this is a an amazing I mean um you know well so like okay well platform for for for for for for for for for anybody out there who is trying to get into the Pod casting room get like like like like like like like like like like you know uh you know um so okay your voice heard out out out out out out out out out there. So if you haven't heard about anchor it's it's literally so well okay um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh the easiest way to make a podcast. So let me explain it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's free. There's like okay uh so you know um I mean so Creation Creation Creation Creation Creation Creation Creation Creation Creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast from your you know know know know know know know know know you know so so uh okay well okay phone or your computer anchor will also also also also also also also also also distribute your podcast for you. So you so you so you so you you you you you you you you you so you so you so you so you so you well well like you you you you you you you you you know okay you know like you know can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher Stitcher Stitcher Stitcher Stitcher Stitcher Stitcher Stitcher Stitcher wherever honestly and you can make money I mean so uh you know uh so so so so so so so so so um like like I'm not even pushing you could really make money from from from from from from from from from your podcast with no minimum um uh like okay I mean well okay like listenership. Listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. It's everything that you need to make a podcast literally in one place. So I'm begging you if you want to get into.