Greetings Prince apps welcome to the second episode of the government being cast a um like like like like like like like like like okay so like I mean okay uh podcast dedicated to discussing the adapters. Titanic's will will will will will will will will will gain produced by Games Workshop. This you know so I mean um I mean you know know know know know know know know know I mean um is the second ever podcast I've ever made. So I hope this this this this this this this this this isn't too horrible you know I mean uh um I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean and still trying to find my feet. So I hope you are are are are are are are are are bear with the you know okay like well I mean um like I mean bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad editing in places. I've done I've done I've done I've done I've done I've done done done done done done done done done I've done I've done I've done my best to fix stuff and re-recorded sections sections sections sections sections sections sections sections sections uh so okay you know I mean um like um that were terrible. Terrible terrible terrible terrible terrible terrible terrible terrible. Anyway, let's get on with the show in this show. I cover you know so so so so so so so so so um so uh so you know you know recent news and questions that I've been been been been been been been been been asked by the community. I then I then I then I then I then then then then then then then then then I then I then I then I then spend like you know I mean I I I I I I I I I mean so I mean well well the rest of the show focus on a conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation about maniples the basic building like so okay um so well okay so blocks of the the the the the the the the the game. I was intending to spend some time discussing how to so um well so um um um um um um um um um like so um use them as narrative devices, but following some feedback and realizing realizing realizing realizing realizing realizing realizing realizing realizing have a uh uh I mean okay well uh so uh lot of Basic Basic Basic Basic Basic Basic Basic Basic Basic Ground to cover I'll be focusing on the man of courses primarily from well well um um um um um um um um um uh you know so like okay gaming perspective. This is a longer episode than I initially initially initially initially initially initially initially initially initially planned and you'll um you know you know I mean you know um well well well well well well well well well you know probably notice a slight change in Styles throughout the main section of the the the the the the the the the shug. This week this week this week this week this week this week week week week week week week week week this week this week this week okay you know I mean so I mean so so so so so so so so so you know like work was a lot busier than I was expecting and much for my normal recording time was taken by.