Hello friends and welcome to another episode of the John cast we are um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so so you know well um back it is nearly 2 p.m. Pm pm pm pm pm pm pm pm. And I am still in my pajamas that is like well so you know know know know know know know know know well like okay well not on account of laziness that is actually on account account account account account account account account account of the fact that I um like well so like okay like um have been been been been been been been been been working really really hard today been editing some stuff right now sweet bear well well well well well well well well well uh like okay so okay um well and I we are in South Carolina Carolina Carolina Carolina Carolina Carolina Carolina Carolina Carolina and we have some friends coming down here uh um so so so like like like like like like like like like well like to meet. Eat us in a few days. It's one of our our our our our our our our our good friends. Uh like I mean um I mean so like well. It's her her her her her her her her her it's her it's her it's her it's her it's her it's her it's her it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's her birthday and so will kind of be taking Thursday most of Thursday and okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay well so you know um some of Friday off. So I'm actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually recording this on a Wednesday. And so and so and so and so and so so so so so so so so so and so and so and so and so today was well like uh well well well well well well well well well you know well you know um like my big day to kind of get ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead on everything so that I can so you know um um I mean okay uh you know know know know know know know know know unplug a little bit and be fully present with sweet bear and our our our our our our our our our friends I mean so well like uh you know okay you know to celebrate celebrate celebrate celebrate celebrate celebrate celebrate celebrate celebrate big shout out to Rebecca. It is your birthday. I think tomorrow by the time this comes out.