Welcome to the UK fancy football show goes weekly podcast discusses many football fans. Favorite pastime pastime pastime pastime pastime pastime pastime pastime pastime you know uh um like like I mean you know well will be analyzing analyzing analyzing analyzing analyzing analyzing analyzing analyzing analyzing gaming 28 results discussing the shock defeat to Liverpool the end um um like um I I I I I I I I I mean like I mean like there invincibles hope and revealing our team's the game week week week week week week week week week 29 joining us well uh so I mean so okay like well this week for the the the the the the the the the second time. This season is gold head of news and um okay um so so so so so so so so so well okay I mean well features Peter Staunton. Last time you came on your above above above above above above above above above Dave despite not touching your um um I mean um you know so um um um um um um um um um you know team since game week one. Yeah, how you faring now? Not very very very very very very very very very good. I'm you I'm you I'm you I'm you I'm you I'm you I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm you I'm you I'm you know okay you know like so like okay well about about about about about about about about about 3.7 million. In the world, which is still about half way. Yeah. Yeah. Well, well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know well uh okay um I think out of you know, all all all all all all all all all the people that are still interested. I well you know okay well you know like like like like like like like like like um okay used to interested though well-known. I get the impression you're not from from the the the the the the the the the I mean I mean okay so like like I mean um fact you have a a a a a a a a a lot of players on your team you are playing. So okay like like like like I I I I I I I I I mean uh. Well the problem there was The League Cup Final so there was games rescheduled so I didn't have players in the team last week and sigurdsson.