Hey guys, it's Eli from game chat. Let me tell you a little you know I I I I I I I I I mean well I mean you know okay um you know bit about anchor if you you you you you you you you you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make you know um you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um so you know like a podcast. Let me let me let me let me let let let let let let let let let me let me let me let me let me explain it's free. There's creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to um well you know uh so I mean like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will I I I I I I I I I mean okay you know so I mean uh like well distribute your podcast for you. You you you you you you you you. So it so it so it so it so it so it so it so so so so so so so so so it so it can be heard on Spotify Apple like I mean so okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum you know well uh like so you know so uh listenership. It's everything it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Download the download the download the the the the the the the the the download the download the download the download the download the download the free you know know know know know know know know know you know I mean uh you know you know you know uh anchor up up up up up up up up up or go to Anchor FM to get started. Welcome back. It is I mean like like like like like like like like like so I mean you know I mean so um episode or of the game chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat pod cast I'm here with Eli and Bryn and just as always. Hello Saturday it going everybody.