I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello and welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to you know you know um well okay I mean uh you know know know know know know know know know the SVU after show here and AfterBuzz TV. I'm your host yell Segal. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm here uh uh okay like uh uh okay I mean with Taylor Gates. Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, you are. I'm your she LL. Oh and oh and oh and oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh and oh and oh and oh and oh and oh and you're the okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so I mean so uh uh CEO season 21 episode 15 swim. Being Being Being Being Being Being Being Being Being with being with being with being with being with being with being with being with with with with with with with with with being with the sharks baby shower. Yeah, it's like okay I mean you know well well well well well well well well well uh you know well great. If you haven't joined us before welcome. Let us us us us us us us us us tell you ahead of like well um um you know well okay you know time time time time time time time time time that if you find yourself in a situation where you need help, please reach um um um um um um um um um like well um like like okay uh out to rain. They are wonderful organization. Organization organization organization organization organization organization organization organization. Their hotline is 165 six four well well okay you know um okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh six seven three one eight hundred six, five six four, six seven three, like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean uh I mean okay um please if you've been assaulted or raped or need someone to talk to call them.