If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let me like so you know okay well um you know I mean explain it's free. Free free free free free free free free. So if you want to start a podcast, but not sure you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well I mean well uh okay um if it's going to be something you you you you you you you you you want to keep up with. There's um uh like uh um so okay like no no no no no no no no no money to put into it. So you're just doing it and I mean you know um um um um um um um um um you know uh uh well so if it works out great, you keep doing it it it it it it it it it at no cost but there was um so well um so um I mean you know know know know know know know know know no money out of your pocket, which was a big incentive for me to uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um um I mean well okay okay want to go with with with with with with with with with anchor. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay uh um I mean uh your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer super easy. GE will distribute your podcast uh so I mean so so so so so so so so so so so like uh for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and and and and and and and and and many more and so uh so uh okay um okay uh you you you you you you you you you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. I have not found um um um um um um um um um like you know I mean well well you know um that any other podcast Creator Creator Creator Creator Creator Creator Creator Creator Creator and it's really everything you need to make a podcast in like well okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay so I mean one place download the free anchor app or or or or or or or or or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You won't you won't won't won't won't won't won't won't won't won't you won't you won't you won't you won't you won't you won't you won't regret it. Thanks guys.