Namaskar time everyone. This is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like like like like like like like like like um you know okay like so well so like to encourage all of you to to to to to to to to to download the free anchor app or go to you know you know know know know know know know know know like you know uh so you know uh Anchor Todd FM to get started on on on on on on on on on this. It has made it. So easy so easy so easy so easy so easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy so easy so easy so easy so easy you know okay um so you you you you you you you you you know I mean uh uh guys, I did not know, you know publishing publishing publishing publishing publishing publishing publishing publishing publishing podcast was so easy. If I had so I mean I mean you know so so so so so so so so so you know uh I mean only known it like five ten years before early because all all all all all all all all all I need to do okay okay you know okay um um uh so is is is is is is is is is download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just like like like like like like like like like uh um uh you know you know okay um click post and anchor will do do do do do do do do do all the job for me. It will publish it like I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean so I mean okay in all the major podcast sides. You know know know know know know know know know apps that are available and I okay you know I mean well like like like like like like like like like like like you know do not need to do anything else. So this is just too awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome guys. You well like like so I mean I mean I mean um um um um um um um um um also need to make use of it. If you if you if you if if if if if if if if if you if you if you if you if you if you have a message message message message message message message message message if you have uh I mean well okay um you know you know you know some some some some some some some some some come content, which you feel that needs to reach out to the world world world world world world world world world or simply want well like well like you know well okay um to post something something something something something something something something something make sure you use this mascara namaskaram everyone. Welcome to buy so so okay well well well well well well well well well like so okay so shoes podcast. So today's daily log. I have restarted my my my my my my my my my uncle more than a uh um um you know okay well well okay practice and and and and and and and and and it was very very good. I like I like I like I like I like I like I like I like I like sweated, but it felt very good actually.