Hey guys, before we go into the episode. I want to talk to okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um so you know like like you about anchor if you haven't heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard about anchor you are so um um I mean like you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay missing out. Anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is the easiest way to make a a a a a a a a a podcast. Not only uh um okay well you know um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean that it's free. There are creation tools that will allow you to record and and and and and and and and and edit I mean uh I mean like like okay like I mean your your your your your your your your your podcast right from your phone or your computer. And the best thing is Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor well uh so uh okay like I mean you know will distribute your your your your your your your your your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple you know um like like like like like like like like like you know like um okay okay podcasts Google podcasts and many more. It's everything. You You You You You You You You You need to make a podcast well um I mean I mean um uh you know know know know know know know know know okay all in one place, so don't If we anchor up today or go to I I I I I I I I I mean um um I mean I mean okay um I mean Anchor dot f f f f f f f f f m-- to get started. Alright now, let's go into the episode. Hey, uh well well well well well well well well well um um well uh um um hey. Hey, what's up you guys? Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome back to what's on your mind podcast. Um so I mean uh um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh. This is episode number four and it's so crazy to think that we've been been been been been been been been been doing like I mean well I mean you know well I mean like this together together together together together together together together together for four weeks. I guess what they say about time flies when you you you you you you you you you know like you know like I mean like well well you're having fun. It's true, true, true, true, true, true, true, true, true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's true, or at least it's true for me. I hope well I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um okay like um uh it's true for you too. So I so I so so so so so so so so so I so I so I so I so I so I so I think you can guess that I use anchor to.