Today is today is today is today is today is today is today is is is is is is is is is today is today is Monday and it's time for episode 2 of Q and A A A A A A A A A schnee. Ask I ask I ask I ask I ask I ask I ask I I I I I I I I I ask I ask I mean okay like you know okay so um uh Ashley. I I I I I I I I I don't know. Are we even going to come up with a name uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like um well like okay like for this? We'll get started right after after after after after after after after after this a lot of stream coach clients and like okay okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know additional content creators have expressed interest in starting their own podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. So this so this so this so this so this so this so this this this this this this this this this so this so this is something I mean like so well okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh that is interesting for you. Let me let me let me me me me me me me me me let me let me let me let me let me let me talk to to to to to to to to to you about my favorite platform for this anchor you know um um okay I I I I I I I I I mean okay well um it is absolutely the easiest way first off it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's free. There are there are there are there are there are there are there there there there there there there there there are there are there are tools that allow so like well I mean like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone. Or Or Or Or Or Or Or Or Or your computer. Okay so so you know I mean I mean well you know. The The The The The The The The The first episode of this podcast was actually recorded on my phone and uploaded okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like like I mean okay like you know all my phone while I I I I I I I I I was working for Amazon anchor distributes the podcast for uh um like okay well well well well well well well well well um um okay you. So it goes to Spotify Apple podcasts like 12 others others others others others others others others others at this point. Um you know okay well um you know I I I I I I I I I mean uh. So you don't have to individually upload it and you can make money with zero minimum listenership. So you're.