Are you are you are you are you are you are you are you you you you you you you you you are you are you thinking about doing a podcast? Do you have something something something something something something something something something that you like I mean okay I mean um uh uh you know feel like you you you you you you you you you want to share? I know Brandon and I toss different uh okay you know so so so so so so so so so you know well you know well ideas around for months before we found out out out out out out out out out the anchor is the easiest way to like well um um well you know know know know know know know know know well uh make a podcast and I'll tell you why first of all, it's free. Free free free free free free free free. You well like I mean you know well um like you know can record record record record record record record record record edit and distribute your podcast all from your phone or or from your your your your your your your your your computer. Okay you know well so like I mean okay you know. It will do do do do do do do do do all of the work for you put it out on Spotify apple and okay well okay well well well well well well well well well uh you know well you know all of the big names you can make money money money money money money money money money with no minimum listenership. And it's and it's and it's and it's and it's and and and and and and and and and it's and it's and it's and it's you know so um so you know know know know know know know know know you know like so everything that you need for your podcast right in one place. Place place place place place place place place. So here's so here's so here's so here's so here's so here's so here's so so so so so so so so so here's so here's what you I mean um like so well uh um you know know know know know know know know know need to do. If you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if if if if if if if if if you're if you're if you're interested Go download the free anchor app or go to to to to to to to to to Anchor okay you know I mean okay you know okay I mean okay dot. F m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- to get started. That's ANC hor dot. F m-- go check it out so so so so so so so so so you know so well um um um well and get started on your podcast. Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello everyone. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to the inside scoop on Mental so so um you know know know know know know know know know okay okay okay so Health with Bracken level and Brandon Paxton. This is bracken level today, and we have a very.