Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and and and and and and and and and hello and hello and welcome to the cosmic. I show I am your host host host host host host host host host uh so you know I mean so well okay well Jason Bolton. Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh and oh and oh and oh and oh and oh and oh and oh and and and and and and and and and oh and I have on the phone Chris Sheridan. Mr. Chris shared in okay like like like like like like like like like so like okay like um um other words, otherwise known as it's going to to to to to to to to to mr. Christie, but that's mr. Christmas well okay I mean uh like you know know know know know know know know know um well to you. What's your name Chris? Mr. Darkness Mystic Mist aggressive aggressive aggressive aggressive aggressive aggressive aggressive aggressive aggressive try that next time you know okay well okay okay you know well well well well well well well well well so at the casino tables young and montero's I'm going to I'm going to really date date date date date date date date date myself. Okay you know so well okay you know so um. They call me. Me me me me me me me me. Mr. Tibbs Sydney quick to remember that. Yeah. And it's you know uh you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay okay you know Sydney. I like to pronounce it. Mr. Sidney Poitier Poitier Poitier Poitier Poitier Poitier Poitier Poitier Poitier what he really gotta you well you know okay um um you know like um gotta really really really really really really really really really get into and a pause in between there. Let's get out. There's a there's a there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know um I mean I mean I mean like okay problematic pause as they they they they they they they they they surged about. It wasn't a stage and Screen. Yeah, like um um uh like um you you you you you you you you you know okay stay stage and screen if you wish and there you go you you you you you you you you you are without electricity well well well so okay so you know so today. So So So So So So So So So we're going to try to make this a brief show. I uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so like so okay uh so know you're working on battery power over there. There there there there there there there there. So I have a good signal and I mean so um uh uh okay so so so so so so so so so uh I have plenty of power. So I think we're good to go. And And And And And And And And And so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so we are good to go. We are speaking.