The Brian Golf Show for presented by Cobra Puma golf actual truck. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, real good uh so I mean well okay well uh uh form before we get to to to to to to to to to talking about anything and everything to do with golf shafts. I like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um uh okay so got to give a big thank you to to to to to to to to to the man on the phone. His name like I mean uh um you know so so so so so so so so so so okay is Don Brown. He is the senior director of marketing Innovation for True True True True True True True True True Sports uh um like uh like um okay well is golf division up true true true true true true true true true Sports encompasses a lot. I know Don that you uh uh uh well like well well well well well well well well well I mean uh have a lot of product not just in the Gulf Gulf Gulf Gulf Gulf Gulf Gulf Gulf Gulf side, but true also has so uh you know like so I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well what a Baseball division a Hockey division lacrosse. Am I am I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean so you know um you know well okay correct correct correct correct correct correct correct correct correct on all this before? Before we get going. Yeah, that is correct. So true true true true true true true true true uh I mean okay uh okay like like you know Sports, so we were were were were were were were were were formerly known as True Timber Sports until about the middle of like I mean okay you you you you you you you you you know so like like um last year and then you know, we have a hockey division. Division Division Division Division Division Division Division Division. I lacrosse division you know um like uh well so like um are Baseball division division division division division division division division division and they are all branded true. So it made sense for the like you know know know know know know know know know okay I mean you know I mean okay okay parent company recalled to to to to to to to to to sports as opposed to True Temper sports or to Templars were okay um I I I I I I I I I mean you know well you know um well really just our golf division. So yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, we make a wide range of a cross product and hockey we dress players from the states to the helm.