Oh, we are back to the 26th interview episode of Home Advantage today. We We We We We We We We We are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we we we we we we we we we are like well I mean I mean you know uh uh well joined. Once again again again again again again again again again by Jani Yakima Hollis. This was a very special episode. I okay I okay I okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I okay I okay I okay I okay I okay I okay okay um I I I I I I I I I mean like like um so like these episodes because we don't really go go go go go go go go go through the chronological career of the competitor or well um uh I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so the coach that we interview in this case. We interviewed. And since it it it it it it it it it was like you know uh uh you know like like you know the second time time time time time time time time time we had him on we'd already covered his career. And so and so and so so so so so so so so so and so and so and so and so and so and so you know know know know know know know know know um so uh you know I mean so like I got to talk about about about about about about about about about a lot of things on this show and I um you know you you you you you you you you you know you know so okay like I mean had I'd get to hear a a a a a a a a a lot of Yanni's Insight on a lot of different things uh like well uh you know know know know know know know know know well like so and we kind of went through a couple topics one was was was was was was was was was his little brother um um like so uh um I mean uh Greg just want his his his his his his his his his fifth State title High School in New York. And so and so so so so so so so so so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so we we we we we we we we we talked so like uh I mean you know like um okay a little bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit about that and then Greg coming to Cornell. He's competing in the Pan Am championships coming up here soon and.