Hey guys, my name is Lydia and I love love and everything to do with like like like like like like like like like so I mean okay um okay you know okay self-discovery self-development and empowering positivity and healthy healthy healthy healthy healthy healthy healthy healthy healthy living welcome to unplug a podcast series were a okay um okay so okay um um um um um um um um um I mean like child with interesting people about their careers and their life and and and and and and and and and their families. I'll be I'll be I'll be I'll be I'll be I'll be be be be be be be be be I'll be I'll be I'll be your um uh you know um uh so so like like like like like like like like like host every Fortnight. So make sure that you stay tuned and follow me on on on on on on on on on Instagram well you know well you know um okay uh well at Lydia know where where where where where where where where where Lola with three-eighths of the end and follow as well so well you know so so so so so so so so so like I mean so okay unplugged artificial. We will behold posting every week. So if you you you you you you you you you miss a week Weak don't like so okay okay uh I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh worry. You can always come back. So make sure that you subscribe that you shared shared shared shared shared shared shared shared shared uh so uh so I mean um okay like this video this episode to your friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends your family to anyone who has a like um I mean well well well well well well well well well well you know um okay need to listen send it to them and I'll be be be be be be be be be more than happy okay so like like well you know okay I mean to to to to to to to to to send you a gift of more podcasting. So let's get into the podcast. I I I I I I I I I mean uh you know well uh so so I mean. Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back to unplug. And today I have Katie Katie has actually been on this journey with me.