Hi, everyone, what's happened? And I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm here with Johnny. Bargain has all she she she she she she she she she on so uh um uh I mean well uh well top and Blake all good. Good good good good good good good good. So today we are recording the first episode like okay okay uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean of the podcast that we've been talking about recording for at least least least least least least least least least two or well okay uh so okay uh I mean like three months. He He He He He He He He He has smelt a long story short may not going to um uh um I mean so so so so so so so so so so um I mean be in touch for a while and I made not for for for for for for for for for sample cups of so you know okay um well um I mean well coffee on on on on on on on on on the lisburn road and we thought that the ideas and the conversation so well like like like like like like like like like um you know like you know okay we were having may help a few older. Older older older older older older older older. So this is all very much part in I mean okay um I mean well well well well well well well well well uh um like those thoughts into action. And if and if and if if if if if if if if if and if and if and if and if and if and if we we we we we we we we we can help at least one other person uh I mean well well okay okay so so so so so so so so so okay as a byproduct of our conversations recording and Publishing it then we think think think think think think think think think this uh okay uh okay like um uh I mean is a a a a a a a a a very valuable form to do. So, so first of all, we're just I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um like uh I mean well I mean going to basically introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce ourselves so you can get to know us that more about you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know well so you know you know who you actually listened to to to to to to to to to and then down the line move very much want uh uh well you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um um like to delve into some of those deeper questions that may may may may may may may may may help others. So just uh okay like um like um um you know know know know know know know know know by where personal introduction my name is Asha Monaghan. I'm from a gallon which is about 10 minutes from the organ.