What's up, everybody? It is Brian Ford with self-improvement daily. Take ownership of okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh um you know well your personal development one tip at a time time time time time time time time time today. I'm featuring I'm featuring I'm featuring I'm featuring I'm featuring I'm featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring I'm featuring I'm featuring I'm featuring a special individual who well like you know you you you you you you you you you know uh like you know I mean also is our next self-improvement sit down guest. Guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest. His name is Alex Sheen and well uh you know okay you know like like like like like like like like like I mean okay he is the founder of the nonprofit because I said I I I I I I I I I would the mission of the okay you know uh um you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay charity is to give people the resources and accountability. They need to live live live live live live live live live with so I mean like okay I mean I mean uh uh courage and honor. Honor honor honor honor honor honor honor honor. I'll get into more detail about because I said it would so um um um um um um um um um so well like uh uh you know in the interview, but for now, let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's learn an important lesson Central to Alex's Mission promises okay you know okay you know know know know know know know know know so I mean well uh are serious, and they shouldn't be taken lightly. Lightly lightly lightly lightly lightly lightly lightly lightly. We need to make promises only um so I mean okay you know um um um um um um um um um well so when we mean them have a listen. So if so if if if if if if if if if so if so if so if so if so if so if so so so so so so so so so if you look at Merriam-Webster Dictionary uh uh I mean so I mean um so so so so so so so so so um A promise is a statement telling someone you'll definitely do something or something something something something something something something something something I mean um okay you know uh you know uh okay will certainly happen happen happen happen happen happen happen happen happen in the future you touched on something that's incredibly important and not always intuitive is how important and the courage of no is.