Welcome back to reading the Psalms. I'm Dan and I'm going to read read read read read read read read read Psalm 16 so so uh well you know uh you know okay today. This This This This This This This This This is another Psalm of David. Preserve Me O God for in the do okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know well uh uh well you know you know I put my my my my my my my my my trust I have said unto the Lord Thou Art my lord. Um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um I mean um okay so uh well. I have no good be on on on on on on on on on thee as for the saints that are in the okay um so okay I mean like like like like like like like like like like um earth. They are they are they are they are they are they they they they they they they they they are they are they are they are the excellent ones in whom is all all all all all all all all all my delight their sorrows um like well um like okay I mean I mean shall be be be be be be be be be multiplied that exchange the Lord for another God their drink offerings like well well well well well well well well well well like okay um well so of blood. I will not offer nor take take take take take take take take take their names upon my lips. Like um like um like um like um like like like like like like like like like um like um like um like um like um so well um well so so so so so so so so so uh. The Lord is the portion of my inheritance and of my cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup Dow maintains okay well uh like you know well I mean so my lat the the the the the the the the the Lines are Fallen unto me in Pleasant places. Yea, I yea, I yea, I I I I I I I I I yea, I yea, I yea, I yea, I yea, I yea, I have a a a a a a a a a um um okay so so so so okay goodly Heritage. I Will I Will Will Will Will Will Will Will Will Will I Will I Will I Will I Will I Will I Will I Will Will Will Will Will Will Will Will Will Bless The Lord who has given me counsel. Yay. My reins my reins my my my my my my my my my reins my reins my reins my reins my reins my reins my reins instruct me in the night Seasons. I have set the lord.