I really turned into my heart. My heart was like it's scary but but but but but but but but but you like so uh like well you know so I mean need to do this. This this this this this this this this. Hello and welcome to the feminine at Spock podcast. Um you know I mean well well well well well well well well well okay so well uh. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your your your your your your your your your I'm your I'm your I'm your hearts Monica Gates a period and icf's edified woman's woman's woman's woman's woman's woman's woman's woman's woman's life coach and you know so um um okay uh like I mean I hope women women women women women women women women women to harness the power of their period and connected FM has blood uh um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know I mean so well in this episode. We'll be talking about about about about about about about about about all things periods hormones confidence health food money I mean so like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know uh sex business feminine flow your brain energy and all all all all all all all all all the stuff to go through uh I mean so uh um I mean so you you you you you you you you you know our heads. You will you will you will you will you will you will will will will will will will will will you will you will you will walk away from each episode with you you you you you you you you you chicken nuggets you know you know like you know uh like uh you know and and and and and and and and and drink bombs as other the filter about love talking about all the so well well well well well well well well well well well I mean uh okay um shit that people are thinking cook too afraid to to to to to to to to to say so if you didn't already I mean okay you know well okay you you you you you you you you you know okay um see basically I had to leave my apartment in Manhattan. I'm still still still still still still still still still in New york. Okay uh you know so uh okay like well. I'm just just just just just just just just just in Williamsburg now, but basically what happened is like the laws in um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know so okay I mean you know like New York like crazy with like like like like like like like like like subletting and whatever and I was I well well so you know okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well was renting a friend's apartment and then they the cops just like went bananas because I found out I was there and then I probably know.