Free to fly and step up and step podcast the puff and Steph podcast okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like okay you know I mean like so back for another week of of of of of of of of of fun. Hello everybody. What up staff? Hey, how was the I mean um I mean um um um um um um um um um you know you know I mean I mean weekend? It was pretty good. Good good good good good good good good. Yeah pretty solid. Yeah fantastic. You got to sleep in okay so um um well well well well well well well well well I mean you know well which was lovely. Sorry. You weren't in Florida. I know know know know know know know know know it is rough being back uh you know okay okay well um you know know know know know know know know know so here in PA, but it was all right. I can't complain man, you know know know know know know know know know on uh so well well so well okay um Friday. We had we had we we we we we we we we we had we had we had we had we had we had we had a show about about about about about about about about about the woman who membrane Orlando who killed her boyfriend like like well like like like like like like like like like okay I mean uh well by stuffing them in a suitcase. Yes. I'm playing I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm playing I'm playing I'm playing I'm playing I'm playing I'm playing I'm playing I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm playing hide and seek and they uh so I mean I mean uh uh like like like like like like like like like I mean have internal and oh, I don't know if you should go back back back back back back back back back to Florida. It is okay like um you know like you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh full of really really weird people but it also has Disney and sunshine sunshine sunshine sunshine sunshine sunshine sunshine sunshine sunshine and I mean I mean uh well so um I mean you know your brother. Brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother. Well, yeah. Yeah. Oh no Michael, I'm sorry. No, Michael Mariana. Listen every morning. Obviously you guys to Michael. That's it.