Hello, this hello, this hello, this hello, this hello, this hello, this hello, this hello, this hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, this is Mars lover in the all-new all-british basketball podcast BBL lab today. Today today today today today today today today. My um um you know you know so so so well my guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest is Kyle Curry who formerly played for the now folded London City Royals so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh I mean you know so like and we are we talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked about who he thinks is going to win the BBL so uh like like um um um um um um um um um like like uh Championship his toughest opponents and how it was playing for the Royals Royals Royals Royals Royals Royals Royals Royals Royals and more. It's you know I mean well like so I mean I mean so another another another another another another another another another short one. It's going to be about five minutes. No, well that's segment I mean so so so so so so so so so I mean uh um um like okay is going to be about five minutes, minutes, minutes, minutes, minutes, minutes, minutes, minutes, minutes, but the whole thing's a whole show. Hit when hit when hit when hit when when when when when when when when when hit when hit when hit when hit when hit when um I I I I I I I I I mean you know like I mean uh I mean okay you'll see how long it is is is is is is is is is about not listening to it. But before we get I mean well um like you you you you you you you you you know uh um okay into that, I'm just going to cover. The oh, the oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, the oh, the oh, the oh, the oh, the oh, the oh, the the the the the the the the the oh, I'm just going to run give you uh uh well um well like like like like like like like like like like I mean a rundown of the all the games this weekend and I will I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going to okay uh okay I mean you know like um I mean talk about about about about about about about about about something else as well. So first game and the Wolves beat the uh uh well well well well well well well well well so you know uh well well flyers in an overtime game 80 to 85 and that was the first of a doubleheader for Bristol flyers and.