What's up, everybody? Welcome to the in the dome podcast podcast body are you you you you you you you you you okay uh uh okay you know so well I mean doing hey, how how how how how how how how how you doing? I'm pretty I'm pretty I'm pretty I'm pretty I'm pretty I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm pretty I'm pretty I'm pretty I'm pretty good myself. All right. What do like you know know know know know know know know know I mean well you know um um okay you want to talk about today? today today today today today today today today We got a breakdown. I know there's not much you know so I mean so you you you you you you you you you know I mean uh so stock boat. We still we still we still we still still still still still still still still still we still we still we still we still we still haven't broken down the the the the the the the the the Columbus game, but cardiac / comeback kids like I mean so uh uh well well well well well well well well well like like come back. You know what that game room. Okay, I believe off the where where where where where where where where where we thought um I mean so I mean you know so uh you you you you you you you you you know we were talking about a couple of episodes ago were talking about about about about about about about about about house like you know um I mean uh like like so like a toxic toxic toxic toxic toxic toxic toxic toxic toxic relationship and I was starting to get sucked back in. Yep. And then um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um um you know uh you know I mean I think you were to it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's like when fully back on board is fully back you know you know well so so so so so so so so so so you know I mean uh with the Calgary Flames right now to start that that that that that that that that that podcast. I was like, I'm well uh like well uh you know um like not not not not not not not not not I'm not falling for it. I've been hurt too many times by these guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, like well well um like well um okay but by the end of that podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast we switched but I was still um um well okay I mean um like you know know know know know know know know know whatever. Yeah, I'm fine. I'm told I'm fully back. You're fully back. I'm proud. Proud proud proud proud proud proud proud proud. I'm uh uh uh okay you know like I mean I mean not fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully back. They've sucked they've sucked they've sucked they've sucked they've sucked they've sucked sucked sucked sucked sucked sucked sucked sucked sucked they've sucked they've sucked they've sucked me in that Columbus game. Got me back back back back back back back back back uh so so well um I mean okay you know to being like, I think I'll die for this team. I think throughout all this up and down.