Before we get jumped into this first episode just want to shout out. Thank well well well well well well well well well well like I mean okay uh uh so you so much for tuning in in in in in in in in in listening. We hope we hope we hope we hope we hope we hope we hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope we hope we hope you like it. We hope you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like uh uh you enjoy it. If you do, please leave a five-star rating rating rating rating rating rating rating rating rating subscribe to our podcast that uh like well well okay you know so well will really really really really really really really really really help us out especially here in the beginning. We're trying to grow this thing. Thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing. You know well okay like I mean um well so. This first one really is just just just just just just just just just us talking about some stories going to get um you know I mean uh um um um um um um um um um so well you know you, you know a feel for what we're going to be be be be be be be be be doing with this. Okay um uh well so you know um uh. We hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope you like it. Also a big shout out to Eric case dude. You know you know know know know know know know know know I mean you know well well you know well. Thank you so so so so so so so so so much for the software that you've recommended gotten us past our you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um like you know like first couple of weeks of difficulties, but I I I I I I I I I think we're on the right track now well um um like you know you you you you you you you you you know uh uh also forgive us for the sound quality at the moment. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's something we're well you know you know I mean like uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like working on. We're we're learning. We're trying to figure out how how how how how how how how how to edit it and um well like you know um uh like like smooth everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything out that's best for your ear holes so that you can enjoy so uh uh you you you you you you you you you know like I mean well you know the podcast as much as we do. Thanks for hanging out with us again. Like the podcast subscribe to.