What's going on everybody? Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to the quickie. This is Luke and and and and and and and and and I'm going well okay uh so well okay so okay to talk about a Convent Convent Convent Convent Convent Convent Convent Convent Convent not really conversation. Let's talk about a statement I mean well like I I I I I I I I I mean you know uh okay okay from Brandi Love about her and her her her her her her her her her her husband's relationship whether it's an open relationship with so I mean okay okay well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well um that. I don't know how it will have fun. Alright, stay tuned. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to the you know I mean um uh like you know um um quickie quickie quickie quickie quickie quickie quickie quickie quickie and first before we get into the show, if you haven't heard about about about about about about about about about anchor before okay like uh okay uh uh uh well downloading it this time, time, time, time, time, time, time, time, time, it is the easiest way to make a podcast and um so so so so so so so so so so I mean okay um like I mean I encourage you to make your own podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. It's fun it's fun it's fun it's fun it's fun it's fun it's fun it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's fun it's fun and it's free. It's you know okay so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like I mean free to download is free to be chord you talk. Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, you have conversations. Anyway, like um I mean so okay so so you know know know know know know know know know why not record it and make money while you're doing it. There are creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation tools so okay uh you know like like so um that allow you to to to to to to to to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know well okay um so um computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and other.