What a paper change welcome to another episode today. We're going to talk about about about about about about about about about the I mean okay I mean uh so like you know uh gross margin impact impact impact impact impact impact impact impact impact of a successful launch of the Plaid mode Model S and plasmid model uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so I mean so okay uh you know X on Tesla by by by by by by by by by this is something I'm really really excited about from a financial perspective. Um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so okay okay uh um. So going to nerd out on this this this this this this this this this shout out to the third row podcast. Uh so I mean okay I mean well well well well well well well well well well well. I came up the idea for this episode. We were just recording and and and and and and and and and we're talking like you know I mean like um okay like I mean about this this this this this this this this this new track package that came out for the model 3. It's like it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's like uh well well you know you know I mean uh like a $5,500 upgrade where where where where where where where where where you can basically get these really cool looking new tire. Uh uh you know know know know know know know know know uh you know well um uh. Hours for your performance model 3 which already already already already already already already already already cost 60 Grand and uh you know okay okay you know you know I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay then you pay five and a half Grand more for these new tires and and and and and and and and and these well you know um you know okay well you know well brake pads pads pads pads pads pads pads pads pads which are geared to make it perform better on the track. It's gotten so well well well well well well well well well okay well I mean um uh okay some awesome reviews. So that's a really really really really really really really really really cool thing. And I was just so okay um like I mean like well um thinking like like like like like like like like like wow, there's so much opportunity for Tesla as sort of this luxury Performance Brand you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like well um like okay um to upsell all of these fancy new features and services services services services services services services services services that sort of Die Hard like you know um uh um um um so fans fans fans fans fans fans fans fans fans and like Tesla nerds would love and the track package is one example, uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean well uh but what I think is an even bigger example of this trend and what's really going to happen in late 2012.