Today's episode of the Hatchery podcast is brought to you by Luxor technology North North North North North North North North North I mean um I mean um um so so okay America's largest mining pool lectures lectures lectures lectures lectures lectures lectures lectures lectures goal is to operate enterprise-class mining pools I mean well like uh so well well well well well well well well well well uh with professionalism and an intense customer focus. They provide they provide they provide they provide provide provide provide provide provide provide provide provide they provide they provide they provide they provide they provide a top-notch user user user user user user user user user experience and you know you know I mean uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know um have a great selection of pools for you to mine to from from from from from from from from from a variety of I mean I mean uh so okay um so so notable notable notable notable notable notable notable notable notable altcoins to Big Daddy Bitcoin for which they launched their mining pool in october. Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well I mean you know you know well well uh you know. So be sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure to go and check them out. We are incredibly grateful that I mean like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um like like so uh Luxor is chosen to sponsor the show going into 2020. We We We We We We We We We would love okay like I mean well I mean like um you know it it it it it it it it it if you as listeners would support the show by Ting them you can find okay well well well well well well well well well like so well you know I mean you know them online at Luxor dot Tech and and and and and and and and and give them a follow on Twitter at Luxor well I mean uh uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean Tech Team. Hey, everyone Thanks for tuning into the hash hash hash hash hash hash hash hash hash rate podcast the best crypto uh uh I mean like um like well well mining mining mining mining mining mining mining mining mining podcast in the history of the world on today's episode mean hash and I I I I I I I I I you know well uh like um I mean so like are joined by mr. Mr mr mr mr mr mr mr mr. Seth Estrada. We talk about building communities around proof of work projects. Uh well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh well uh well uh well uh well uh well uh well uh well I I I I I I I I I mean uh um okay I mean like. We talk about masternodes. We talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk we talk we talk we talk we talk we talk we talk we talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk we talk a little bit about Prague pal and mean hash so you know know know know know know know know know like well okay well like like has an epic rant on the inclusion of of of of of of of of of big Tech into the crypto space. So I hope you all enjoy this episode. If you would please leave us a rating.