Hey everyone. How's it going? It's been a while. I miss I miss I I I I I I I I I miss I miss I miss I miss I miss I miss I miss miss miss miss miss miss miss miss miss you guys. Hope okay okay so uh um uh like I mean you guys are are are are are are are are are all having a lovely lovely week so far now before um well okay um um um um um um um um um so like you know um this episode starts. I just want to give give give give give give give give give a quick announcement. So the so the so the so the so the so the the the the the the the the the so the so the so the title of well uh so okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay this podcast is called catch open me at the time that that that that that that that that that I started this podcast. Um you know so so um I mean um okay. I I I I I I I I I thought you know, what like catching up with friends. Just talking about random so so so so so so so so so you know so I mean like I mean um so stuff, you know know know know know know know know know catch up with me sounds like a good title. Uh you know um well uh like you you you you you you you you you know you know. But then as I recorded the past few episodes, I've noticed something I started started started started started started started started started um well so you know um well um uh to figure out what the the the the the the the the the theme of this podcast should be. So if you know okay I mean okay um um um um um um um um um I mean you know well okay notice a lot of the things that we we we we we we we we we covered from the past few episode like I mean okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay okay is about mental health growing up and things we we we we we we we we we deal with as a teenager or as well you know so you know so like like like like like like like like like I mean well a young adult. So with that said the new title of the the the the the the the the the podcast will be basically growing well so um okay so uh I mean okay up. Up up up up up up up up. I finally figure out what the theme of this podcast should be. So I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um um you know like um like I mean basically growing up is going going going going going going going going going to be having guess hopping onto the podcast and okay like like I mean like like like like like like like like like um like well basically having them share what they think is important for us teenagers and young adults to know what it's like going up on their side.