Hey guys. I just wanted to take one second to tell you guys about okay you know know know know know know know know know I mean well um um I mean uh anchor which is the platform. I I I I I I I I I used to make this podcast. If you if you if you if you you you you you you you you you if you if you if you if you if you you know like okay you know know know know know know know know know okay uh like like haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make a podcast and and and and and and and and and let me explain so you know I mean I mean like okay like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean it's free. There's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation there's creation there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast um um um um um um um um um so I mean so uh so you know well right from your phone or computer. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so like I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so. So you can be heard on things like Spotify Apple podcast many more more more more more more more more more you can well I mean like you know like well uh so make money from from from from from from from from from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need okay you know well I I I I I I I I I mean okay well so you know to make a podcast in one place. So download download download download download download download download download so download so download so download so download so download so download so download so so so so so so so so so download the free anchor app or go to Anchor um I mean um well um like like like like like like like like like uh so dot f m-- to get started today. Hey guys, welcome to another another another another another another another another another episode of Laguna Beach you know like you know you know um uh so like like like like like like like like like the podcast. Thank you so much for tuning in as always. It's your it's your your your your your your your your your it's your it's your it's your it's your it's your it's your it's your your your your your your your your your host so well I mean I mean um like like you know Kelly. So excited so so so so so so so so so excited so excited so excited so excited so excited so excited so excited so excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited to be here feel like I just sounded like Heidi like I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean uh well like so excited but we got our finale of of of of of of of of of Love is Blind this past week, and you know um you know well okay like like like like like like like like like um okay I know there is a reunions coming up on Tuesday or Wednesday. I think or.