Greetings feminist survival project 2020 listeners Emily here with a fun and exciting announcement. Announcement announcement announcement announcement announcement announcement announcement announcement. I uh well I mean so uh um you know okay wanted to let let let let let let let let let you all know that we have joined the Frolic podcast Network front I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well like well I mean like you know leg is a a a a a a a a a podcast community of everything romance and romance related as you know, I I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like like like okay I mean you know am both a reader of of of of of of of of of and author of romance fiction and Amelia. Well romance I mean um okay well like like like like like like like like like like so well is not necessarily her direct thing is a super fan fan fan fan fan fan fan fan fan of many kinds of genre. You know you know you know you know you know know know know know know know know know you know you know you know you know I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean um you know like. Fiction and Anyone who reads and or or or or or or or or or writes romance knows the value of self-care. So I mean okay I mean like like like like like like like like like okay okay um um we're really excited to be a part of this this this this this this this this this community. If you're into romance in um uh uh like like you know okay you know any any any any any any any any any flavor check out the other podcasts on the Frolic Network. It includes one of of of of of of of of of well okay okay okay you know um I mean so my very favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite podcast smart bitches trashy books, which is Sarah Wendell's podcast so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know um I mean um okay about romance. She's super she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's super she's super she's super she's super she's super she's super she's super she's super super super super super super super super super amazing a million. I have been on it a couple of times. We love her a lot. What does this mean for?.