What is up guys? This is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is Stu is what the fuck Jim talk. Talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk. Um like um like um like um like um like um like um like um um um um um um um um um like um like I mean you know so you know so um. So So So So So So So So So I made a post the other day about the you know, I even made made made made made made made made made um okay okay uh you know so I mean like a podcast it was probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably one or two podcast back now from here maybe but like so well like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh you know about you know, your gym not being the best our our our our our our our our our today, you know, I think you know well I mean you know well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so well it should be more of a pillar of the schedule and I made made made made made made made made made this Instagram like like I mean you know um like okay so post and I I I I I I I I I dropped it in a couple of Philly at owners groups. And like and like like like like like like like like like and like and like and like and like and like and like and like like like like like like like like like uh I mean uh you know like uh you know anyway, obviously you can can can can can can can can can imagine the feedback was was was mixed and one individual uh you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean like uh this Rob he owns a gym. I believe I believe believe believe believe believe believe believe believe believe I believe I believe I believe I believe I believe I believe I believe it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's called CrossFit rise again. I uh I uh I uh I uh I uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I uh I uh I uh I uh I mean so um I I I I I I I I I mean you know okay I mean apologize Rob if I'm fucking that up. You know, he shot shot shot shot shot shot shot shot shot me a DM and you uh I mean uh um I mean okay I I I I I I I I I mean um just like bro. I don't I don't I don't I don't I I I I I I I I I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't agree. I think this argument argument argument argument argument argument argument argument argument is pointless. I so like well you know so well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay don't get it. You should strive to do both like and he just didn't agree with with with with with with with with with so you know so okay well you know you know okay it which was but he he he he he he he he he reached out to me and show me a DM I mean I mean well I I I I I I I I I mean like um well okay and I do what I typically do when I I I I I I I I I hit him with an audio message well okay I mean like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like you know and explain my position and you know next thing, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, we're back I mean I mean so so I mean I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh and forth with a few audio messages and the guy, you know, we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we okay well so uh so well okay I mean went from adversarial to you know, I probably go get a beer the.