It's Brock it's Brock it's Brock it's Brock it's Brock it's Brock it's Brock Brock Brock Brock Brock Brock Brock Brock Brock it's Brock it's Brock sale from the Bronx Tale podcast. And today I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going to be uh well uh like uh so I mean like telling telling telling telling telling telling telling telling telling you about my favorite app, which is Anchor. It's the best app to use so so so so so so so so so okay um um you know okay okay so for any type of podcast. It's free. Free free free free free free free free. It's easy. You can use your phone okay you know okay I mean so so so so so so so so so so um well computer or any other device to record it. And once and and and and and and and and and once and once and once and once and once and once and once and and and and and and and and and once you post the podcast, it um I mean I mean well well well you you you you you you you you you know okay doesn't just go on acre. They post they post they post they they they they they they they they they post they post they post they post they post they post it on Spotify to to to to to to to to to get your podcast more so you know um you know well um uh I I I I I I I I I mean exposure and to help you out in my opinion. Anchor has anchor has has has has has has has has has anchor has anchor has anchor has anchor has anchor has anchor has anchor has everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you like uh okay so like I mean you know um need in one one one one one one one one one place and it is the best platform to create. Any type of podcast uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so okay um um like like I think this is episode 4. I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't know how many episodes I've done. This is uh well well so I mean well like like like like like like like like like um Braden. It's a hybrid. Nice to nice to nice to nice to to to to to to to to to nice to nice to nice to nice to nice to meet you meet who? Yeah, I I I I I I I I I don't think anybody I mean okay well you know uh I mean well I I I I I I I I I mean lists the rest doesn't matter. Yeah, fuck it. We're going to talk about the the the the the the the the the combine um you know uh you know um like well um that just just just just just just just just just happened and how the Panthers are going to get the best pick in the draft again because they're picking it seven then that's where we pick Christian McCaffrey.