Hi all hi all hi all hi all hi all hi all hi all hi all all all all all all all all all hi all 90-day Bri here with your tea on AfterBuzz TVs. 90-day fiance News News News News News News News News News daily. Uh like uh like uh like uh like uh like uh like uh like like like like like like like like like uh like uh like I mean you know like you know so so so so so so so so so you know. We haven't gotten to see much of Stephanie on the new season season season season season season season season season of a for the uh I mean well like uh um I mean well well well well well well well well well 90 days, but we know that she has a plastic anemia that her her her her her her her her her girlfriend well like well uh you know so so um from the show lives lives lives lives lives lives lives lives lives in Australia and that her family is unaware that she's I mean I mean um um um um um um um um um you know I mean like um well dating a woman what you might not know know know know know know know know know about Stephanie though is that she uh I mean um um uh um you know know know know know know know know know well sells naked photos of herself online. That's right. Stephanie has a patron where she so so so so so so so so so okay well so well I mean uh you know has content. That's a that's a a a a a a a a a that's a that's a that's a that's a that's a that's a that's a bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit risque. It seems it seems it seems it seems it seems it seems it it it it it it it it it seems it seems it seems some people may have found this out uh I I I I I I I I I mean so well like um uh um though as Stephanie took her Instagram stories stories stories stories stories stories stories stories stories to lay everything out. Out she states that uh I mean like um um um um um um um um um um like like so she is not ashamed of this content and that having the the the the the the the the the patron has financed her well okay like so uh um um you know documentary as as as as as as as as as well as other creative projects and it's also helped her income in um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so like like well like um general. She ends it saying I'm a hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello an advocate a writer a content I mean like well like well uh well well well well well well well well well um creator a dumbass. I'm allowed to be everything. I'm allowed to love whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever I well you know uh like uh I mean like okay want. I am am am am am am am am am not definable good for you girl. A woman should be allowed so so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um so well well to do whatever she wants with her body and her her her her her her her her her patreon is 18 plus. So uh like like okay okay so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean not just anyone can watch if you want to support her and her Patron head over to patreon.com.