Hey, Joel, since we just finished our podcast. How are we going to upload upload upload upload upload upload upload upload upload um uh like uh I mean uh like so this stuff? You haven't heard about about about about about about about about about anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- Nah, man. Man man man man man man man man. What like okay okay you know okay like um uh is it all about Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Sees easiest way to make a podcast really so well, first well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh like uh um you know of all, it's completely free. You don't go go go go go go go go go to pay nothing. Really? yeah. Like so you know well I mean you you you you you you you you you know like uh. So are we just dumping the audio on the Internet or is is is is is is is is is there a like you know well uh I mean um you know like ways to to to to to to to to to do things with it then? Oh, no anchors got creation tools allow you you you you you you you you you uh uh so well uh I mean uh so to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. Wow. That okay well like like like like like like like like like well well you know well you know is so awesome. Yes. Now is is is is is is is is is it? It just it just it just it just it just it just it it it it it it it it it just it just it just on anchor or does it okay uh okay well like so so so so so so so so so so um go anywhere else after you post it? Well, once you post anchor anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute I mean well like um like so you know I mean it out so so so so so so so so so I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch more like um um um um um um um um um I mean you know well okay I mean so places. You don't have have have have have have have have have to do anything but post it to Anchor. Awesome. Is uh well so um um um um um um um um um well you know uh you know there any way to make money off of it? Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you yeah, you can make like like like well like uh I mean um um um um um um um um um money starting with your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can make money right right right right right right right right right okay so you know I mean okay so you know so away. You can can can can can can can can can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can can can can can can can can can you can start making money man. That is awesome. So what you're saying is you know know know know know know know know know um like so so okay so I mean it's everything you need to to to to to to to to to to make a podcast in one place. That's exactly what I'm saying. Wow. So download the free anchor app or go to.