Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like to to to to to to to to to uh well um well I mean well like like encourage all of you to download download download download download download download download download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Todd well like I mean okay so so so so so so so so so you know so well FM to get started on this. It has made it. It it it it it it it it. So easy guys, I did so okay uh so okay well so like not know, you you you you you you you you you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I if I if I if I if if if if if if if if if I if I if I if I if I had only um well so so so so so so so so so so you know okay so uh known it like five ten years before early because all all all all all all all all all I need to do is download well I mean um like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so okay um the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just just just just just just just just just click post and anchor like okay uh I mean well um well okay will do all all all all all all all all all the job for me. It will it will it will it will it will will will will will will will will will it will it will it will it will publish it in all you know I I I I I I I I I mean um okay you know like I mean like the major podcast sides. You know know know know know know know know know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you you you you you you you you you know apps that are available and I do not so you know like okay so so so so so so so so so you know like uh need to do anything else. So this is just just just just just just just just just too awesome guys. You okay I mean okay like okay I mean you know know know know know know know know know I mean also need to make use of it. If you have a message if if if if if if if if if you have some like okay uh okay you know uh you know uh come come come come come come come come come content, which you feel that needs to reach out to the world or simply want want want want want want want want want you know uh uh uh I mean um like um to post something something something something something something something something something make sure you use this. Mascara. Namaskaram everyone, welcome back to my like um you you you you you you you you you know so so okay I mean I mean shoes podcast. So in today's podcast, I will be answering some queries that they receive on a day-to-day basis.