Hello, welcome to the theology pug cast and we're glad to have you with with with with with with with with with us so okay like so okay uh you know you know again. And And And And And And And And And it's the whole crew here today and we're going to do this okay well like like like like like like like like like so um you know okay um ourselves in a minute, but guys, I realized just the the the the the the the the the other day that we've been at so well well so so uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean this for a year. Well, I think this is like episode 56 or something. Something something something something something something something something. Maybe uh um um okay um uh well you know it maybe that's wrong. Wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong. We need the fact Checkers out there to correct uh you know like so uh um you you you you you you you you you know like us, you know, occasionally we do say things that are not correct correct correct correct correct correct correct correct correct often speak for yourself. Um so well so okay you know I mean well. Well well well well well well well well. Awesome, we correct each other in the course of the show, but that that that that that that that that that just um so like um like so like well has because we do is is is is is is is is is almost zero prep. We just kind of come from uh um you know um um um um um um um um um okay um you know like wherever we are and we sit down and and I I I I I I I I I think most of the time um uh uh well okay you know uh you know know know know know know know know know we do catch each other but Caitlin someone Catches Us from someplace else. So so so so so so so so so so okay well uh you know okay I mean. Never glad. I'm glad that I don't think it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's ever happened to Glenn. I'm glad okay uh um like so uh so um um um um um um um um um you got me last week on Warfield and Whitfield. I've not heard the end of it my colleague Frank a mullet. Yeah initially when you.