Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you if you if you if if if if if if if if if you if you if you if you if you if you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor it's the app um you know I mean uh okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to use it's free and okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so um like okay I mean there's creation tools straight in the app app app app app app app app app that allow you to edit your podcast from um like so um uh you you you you you you you you you know like um your phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast to Spotify apple and okay you know so okay well I mean like well many many many many many many many many many more without having to do anything which is great and you can make money from um um um um um um um um um um um like you know like I mean you know the podcast with no minimum listenership, which which which which which which which which which is also great man. You gotta grind okay I mean I mean so so so so so so so so so like okay um you know you got to get to where you're going. So it's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you need to do all so uh so like you know I mean well I I I I I I I I I mean one place and to download the app go to anchor on the App App App App App App App App App Store anchored so okay uh um um okay you know you know on FM online online online online online online online online online to get Started let's get in the madness. Yo, yo yo, this uh well well well well well well well well well okay well like I mean uh like is I'll bleed blue forever. Listen to to to to to to to to to my man. Everything in YG's um uh like you know you know um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay podcast Your Grace showed man loved listening. Keep it up. Keep doing keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep doing keep doing keep doing keep doing keep doing keep doing keep doing keep doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing what you're doing uh like well so I mean okay well I mean man. Great Great Great Great Great Great Great Great Great show great. Listen, love listening. Keep it up on a Giants players free agency cap space who ever listened to my man.