What's up, everybody? Welcome to episode 2 of East End talks today. We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll talk about a few I mean um so like so you know uh I I I I I I I I I mean things that actually had conversations with some of you over last week and and and and and and and and and earlier this uh I mean okay like okay you know you know so week. And And And And And And And And And the and the and the and the and the and the and and and and and and and and and the and the and the first thing was poor is why am I I I I I I I I I not posting um uh I mean well you know you know um like the the the the the the the the the full week of workouts on Facebook a week in advance and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's simple reason okay so um so like like uh um really I just want don't want want want want want want want want want people cherry-picking the workouts. I know you guys you know I mean like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um so have certain schedules work schedules fail. Schedule things like that. And And And And And And And And And so there okay okay well you know okay so so okay are days that that that that that that that that that you can make it and days. You just you just you just you just you just just just just just just just just just you just you just you just you just can't make okay I mean well so so so so so so so so so like well like like it. And that is how I want you to plan your your your your your your your your your week. I don't want you like well uh I mean like um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh to plan your week to try based off of a certain workout that you're trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying like so um so um like um okay to either avoid or go to we discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss kind of in the I mean um well I mean um um like like first first first first first first first first first podcast about the purpose of the program is to Achieve a well-rounded base of Fitness across all domains of Fitness whether it be strength or cardiovascular endurance cardiorespiratory.