All right guys, if you're anything like me then you are all too uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like so I mean well so you know good at procrastinating and you know what what what what what what what what what 2020 not about that. I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted to like I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um um um make this podcast forever ago. And finally and finally and and and and and and and and and finally and finally and finally and finally and finally and finally and finally finally finally finally finally finally finally finally finally I'm starting I'm using anchor as my okay so uh like uh I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um platform. Anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. Explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain. It is well um you know um uh okay so so free totally totally totally totally totally totally totally totally totally free. Its creation tools are super easy to use and it allows you to to to to to to to to to uh well uh well um you know well I mean record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute well uh well okay so so so so so so so so so so you know okay your podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcast so um so okay I mean I mean I mean you know and many many many many many many many many many more platforms you can make money from your podcast right away with you know know know know know know know know know I mean well you know so okay so I mean no minimum listenership guys. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's that good. Okay, it's everything you need to make um like so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh you know a podcast in one place, please download the free anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to well like uh um like uh okay you know Anchor dot. F F F F F F F F F m-- to get started. Trust me. You will not regret it. Hey well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well so well well guys, welcome back to my podcast or Thea here. What what? How's it going? Happy Monday or whatever day you're listening to this.