If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let so let so let so let so let so let so let so let let let let let let let let let so let so like so I mean well so you know okay me explain. First First First First First First First First First of all, it's free. You don't have to put any money well well you know know know know know know know know know I mean okay so well I mean up front for someone who's starting out out out out out out out out out podcasting. That's a that's a that's a that's a that's a that's a that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's a that's a that's a pretty big deal. There I mean you know so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh I mean are creation tools that allow you to record and and and and and and and and and edit your podcast right from your well um uh well well you know uh you know know know know know know know know know phone or computer. You have to go out and spend a lot of money okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay like okay well um so buying software paying for recording equipment anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So okay uh okay like well well like like like like like like like like like so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more and the best part part part part part part part part part you know I mean I mean like you know uh I mean you know you you you you you you you you you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you you you you you you you you you you know so so okay so like like well need to make a podcast in one one one one one one one one one place doubled the free anchor app or so uh you know okay um um um um um um um um um uh I mean so go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get started reads ranches proud apart with uh I mean I I I I I I I I I mean so you know okay um uh Marcos Garza and the Garza Law firm. Firm Firm Firm Firm Firm Firm Firm Firm. Find yourself needing a lawyer for a uh okay uh so uh like well well well well well well well well well well DUI. If you need a criminal defense lawyer, if you need a personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal injury you know like so so so um uh I mean lawyer, Mark, Rose Garza and and and and and and and and and his team can handle all three Garza. Law.com 8 6 5 5 4 0 8300 before you say.