Hey everybody, Brayden Chase here. And this and this and this and this and and and and and and and and and this and this and this and this and this is just a quick pause pause pause pause pause pause pause pause pause here during our um um well you know I mean so like so lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson on English to tell you a little bit about something called anchor anchor I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like I mean you know well like okay is actually the tool. I am am am am am am am am am using to produce this podcast for you. So like I mean so um okay I I I I I I I I I mean I mean okay if you are listening to me right now, it's because because because because because because because because because of anchor now. What is well I mean um you know so like so I I I I I I I I I mean anchor anchor is a free free podcast tool that you can use use use use use use use use use to create like like uh so so you know so well and record and and and and and and and and and edit. Build your podcast right on your phone or your computer anchor distributes your you you you you you you you you you know uh um um you know uh so um podcast for you. So I I I I I I I I I don't have to track down apple and Spotify like you know like well okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean and Google anything it does that all automatically for me. I just kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of like um I mean like so you know um okay click the button button button button button button button button button and it goes all by itself. You can make money from these um um um um um um um um um okay so you know like you know I mean well podcasts right this ad that that that that that that that that that you're hearing right now is an ad that so you know well I mean well well well well well well well well well uh I mean like I've written for them so that I can make a a a a a a a a a little bit of money off well so I mean I mean you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well of this podcast. That's why it's free, right? I can give you these things. So if you guys want to make one you can do.