Hello and welcome to Priority role and age of Sigma podcast from Sonny england. England England England England England England England England. Join you join you join you join you join you join you join you you you you you you you you you join you join you know so um like um okay okay like us as we discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss the ever-changing character of wargaming in the Mortal Realms grab um you know um um um um um um um um um like okay um uh like your D6 and get ready for the priority priority priority priority priority priority priority priority priority roll. Hello and welcome okay I mean um okay so you know I I I I I I I I I mean like to Priority roll. My name my name my name my name my name my my my my my my my my my name my name my name my name is Dan. And today I'm joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined by the one and okay well you know you know so um um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean only Ben Curry to talk about Battletoads. How are you Ben? I'm fantastic. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank okay um okay um so I mean um um you. It's really. Weird listen to to to to to to to to to you at normal speed because when I listen uh you know I mean uh well well well well well well well well well like um so to podcasts so is it time to so it's like why why why why why why why why why are you I mean like um I mean well I mean you know like speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking so slowly? Maybe I should turn to be like this really quickly is that that that that that that that that that you know well like uh okay well uh I mean you know, my dulcet tones tones tones tones tones tones tones tones tones at times to you surely want to listen to I mean well well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh well so like me, you know, get get the Full Effect one one one one one one one one one more in gram well so well you know so you know like uh or or or or or or or or or it cram more of me in right? So what we're gonna be I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so um um uh you know uh uh doing today is we'll be talking about battle tones, but not a specific battle zones bad.