Hey for Center fans. Great Star Wars discussions are on the way. But first, let me me me me me me me me me um I mean so um okay I mean um like tell you about anchor it's the the the the the the the the the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me let me let me let let let let let let let let let me let me let me let me let me let me so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh so well you know like you know explain first. It's free. That's the truth. Truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth. It's free and there's creation tools okay okay so uh okay so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone or computer so um I mean I mean like I mean um uh and and and and and and and and and anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So going to be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple like uh I mean well I mean well you know okay podcasts and many many more more more more more more more more more places to list keeps on growing and you can okay you know um like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know you know make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. Listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. It's everything you need. Need um uh I mean you know well like so so to to to to to to to to to make a podcast in one place. So get started today start your podcast you know you you you you you you you you you know like like I mean um um like get your voice out there download the the the the the the the the the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. Well I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like okay you know. F m-- to get started and now a a a a a a a a a word about Spotify on spotify. Well well well I mean uh you know so I I I I I I I I I mean. You can listen to all of your favorite artists podcasts and even even even even even even even even even podcasts um I mean you know you know so so okay uh about artists artists artists artists artists artists artists artists artists all in one place for free. You don't even need a premium you know so so so so so so so so so um I mean you know okay uh uh account Spotify has a huge catalogue of of of of of of of of of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to right now for Center talking about Star Wars Spotify also has a.