Hi, welcome to you were taught that in school episode 1 taxes, everyone always okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so so uh uh well you know writes after they get out of of of of of of of of of school about how they couldn't do their taxes uh you know so so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well you know and how they wish school and taught them to do do do do do do do do do their taxes. And why didn't you know okay I mean like well okay so so so so so so so so so okay somebody teach them do their taxes what you were taught that in school. Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh um you know like uh so um uh. It's called it's called it's called it's called called called called called called called called called it's called it's called it's called it's called it's called basic math in first first first first first first first first first grade or 2nd grade. They taught you how well uh you know uh like like like like like like like like like like okay like to add and subtract numbers. That's how you do taxes. You line them up up up up up up up up up well okay I mean I mean um you know um uh in a a a a a a a a a column you add some together, you subtract some the Part about that is is is is is is is is is um I mean so like uh uh um well you were taught how to follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow directions. There's directions at the top of so like okay uh so well well well well well well well well well you know you know the paper. You were supposed to read them. You You You You You You You You You read those directions and you follow well like so uh you know you you you you you you you you you know um um them. So you were taught that in school that was in elementary elementary elementary elementary elementary elementary elementary elementary elementary school the fact well uh I mean I mean I mean so um um that that that that that that that that that you can't follow directions and do simple math doesn't mean that you weren't taught so so so so so so so so so you know you know I mean uh well you know okay that in in in in in in in in in school. It just it just it just it just it just it just it just it it it it it it it it it just it just means that you can't do simple math or follow directions. So like I I I I I I I I I mean so so um okay uh. This has this has this has this has has has has has has has has has this has this has this has this has this has been you we're taught that in school episode 1. See you next week.