All right. Good morning everyone. My name my name my name my name my name name name name name name name name name my name my name my name my name is Alan and I'm Diego Diego Diego Diego Diego Diego Diego Diego Diego and you're listening to like like okay okay okay so um um the modest modest modest modest modest modest modest modest modest artist podcast today. We're talking with Loonette. Oh, all right. Keep well well well well well well well well well I mean okay so I mean um I mean uh in mind. Mind mind mind mind mind mind mind mind. It's like 10:00 a.m. You open this and I gotta drink it. You know know know know know know know know know like I mean okay so I mean I mean you know. All right. So So So So So So So So So let's do a roll call. So you got at the end. I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so I mean um so you know well. I'm Jon John. Jon was jon jon jon jon jon jon jon jon jon was jon was jon was jon was jon was jon was jon was jon jon jon jon jon jon jon jon jon was a real quick. What do you play? Play guitar. Okay I mean like you know know know know know know know know know um well okay uh I mean again, I do vocals and since okay. Okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay. Marco guitar. All right. I'm Carlos I'm Carlos I'm Carlos I'm Carlos I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Carlos I'm Carlos I'm Carlos I'm Carlos I'm Carlos and I okay like well like like like like like like like like like well so um you know play drums. And I am Daniel and I play play play play play play play play play the bass. All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all all all all all all all all all right, all right, all right, let's well so uh I mean like uh like like like like like like like like like um let's let's do a this is our first time doing it with multi multi multi multi multi multi multi multi multi people okay well okay like so okay like you know can guys so so so so so so so so so this will be fun. It might get a bit low sometimes so just bear with us there with us. But.