You're right. It makes you happy every time every time it goes on. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's well uh I mean well okay you know well like just like I don't know know know know know know know know know what it is. Like the power of music is a um um like like like like like like like like like so you know uh okay so real real thing. You know, who loves loves loves loves loves loves loves loves loves music Tommy Tommy. Mmm. I have okay um uh uh well like well okay never never never never never never never never never met a lot of the three babies we have he is the you know know know know know know know know know so okay like well um okay like one he is the one that loves music so so so so so so so so so much he will walk by uh you know so um well you know um um um um um um um um um so the what is that and home pod? And he will point to it. It it it it it it it it. I'll so like I mean you know well uh okay I mean pick him up. He'll He'll He'll He'll He'll He'll He'll He'll He'll touch it. It'll play he'll smile held down. He loves music. He uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so like you know well like so loved music so much to to to to to to to to to the point where if he can't touch it so well so um well so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like he will start screaming until he does the reason why we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're talking about this uh I mean I mean you know okay you know you you you you you you you you you know you know as like, I was kind of in like a are we going? going going going going going going going going Yeah, we're going to you know um so you know so like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh how we're going to record this podcast like what's going on? Yeah. Well, he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's like I mean okay like like you know okay um uh are you a little little little little little little little little little upset? So yeah. I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a a a a a a a a a I'm a I'm a little peeved right now. We just had a podcast about pet peeves. I'm a little peeved right now.