What is what is what is what is what is what is what is what what what what what what what what what is what is going on everybody? This is awesome. You guys are tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned into in so well you know I mean so like I mean well the woods woods woods woods woods woods woods woods woods with DDS a thank you guys so much for tuning in and we we we we we we we we we look well like so well you know you know I mean okay forward to to to to to to to to to having a fun episode. Thank you. Alrighty guys, thank you so much for okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um well uh like well okay okay tuning in again. This is this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is the first first first first first first first first first episode of in the woods with EDSA. So you know okay well like uh I I I I I I I I I mean so so bear with us and we plan to get better at each one of of of of of of of of of these that we like like well I mean um um you know um um um um um um um um um do we also plan to have a lot of different different guest on on on on on on on on on the um well you know you know uh you know I mean so show each each each each each each each each each week. We have a trio of different co-hosts that are going to be going to to to to to to to to to like so like like you know um like like be helping out and joining joining joining joining joining joining joining joining joining us the first of which is my very own younger, brother. You know you know know know know know know know know know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know well well well well well well well well well uh so well um um um. Colin Hendrix man, how are you? What was was was was was was was was was what was what was what was what was what was what was what what what what what what what what what was what was going on? Everybody just happy to be here. He's happy to be here. Okay. Well with that being.