Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey guys, hey guys, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to to to to to to to to to make I mean well I mean so I mean I mean like I mean a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast Let Me Explain real quick first, it's free. How could you get like like so so so so so so so so so I mean okay uh you know well anything better at something that's free. There's also also also also also also also also also creation tools that you know you know like okay like okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer so like like like like like like like like like you know like uh well um so how convenient anchor will also distribute your your your your your your your your your podcast for you. So it can be so like okay well like um like like like like like like like like like I mean heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money money money money money money money money money from your you know like you know okay like like uh well podcast to to to to to to to to to with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make. Podcast at one you know know know know know know know know know well you know well um I mean like like place download the free anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so like I mean well started. Once again that's anchored on FM FM FM FM FM FM FM FM FM to get started. Welcome to immerse boys um um okay well like so like like like like like like like like like well immersed with the boys and be immersed by the boys. Yeah, there we go go go go go go go go go coming at like you know well uh so uh okay you know you week three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, but four you probably week one. Hopefully hopefully week one because we've like okay um um um um um um um um um well you know um so I mean had a few if you miss allocation. Yeah. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. Yeah. It's been good. We're getting we're getting we're getting we're getting we're getting we're getting we're getting we're getting we're getting better though mistakes.