Hello and welcome to this episode of the ESG Fitness podcast. I've got Andy on on on on on on on on on well uh okay I mean like uh um um which means we are are are are are are are are are answering your questions Andy, how are you? I'm uh you know you know know know know know know know know know um uh well you know I mean good. Thank you. How about yourself? I'm okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay the last couple of days okay um so uh uh okay like I mean my back back back back back back back back back was much better. But now it's really bad again might have been I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well like okay okay uh so so because I try to train legs. Legs legs legs legs legs legs legs legs. Yeah, that's knocks. That's not a smart idea. Well okay well okay well okay well well well well well well well well well okay well okay well okay well okay well okay well okay okay well well so so so so so so so so so I mean so. I mean are you I didn't even do that before before before before before before before before before I hurt my back you're you know uh like like like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean as you see you're one of these people who actually huzzah huzzah huzzah huzzah huzzah huzzah huzzah huzzah huzzah An excuse not I mean um like uh like so okay you know to to to to to to to to to treat legs. Yeah. Well I've learnt from I say I've learnt from that. I've you I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've you I've you I've you I've you I've you I've you I've you I've you know know know know know know know know know I mean okay so so like you know you know definitely not as soon soon soon soon soon soon soon soon soon as it feels better again. I will be doing the um well well well well well well well well well well like I mean I mean well okay same thing, but I am using using using using using using using using using this special injection into my piriformis on monday. So you know um I I I I I I I I I mean uh so like like. So fingers crossed that it's going to improve things for for for for for for for for for me ideal ideal now if you I mean uh uh you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so um like don't be a good good start First question. Okay is quite a a a a a a a a a long one. And normally and normally and normally and normally and normally and normally and normally and normally and normally I make excuses that it's not.