So I guess we'll start off with a question this week. My first first first first first first first first first of like um okay uh I mean so like so all, it's episode 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 for 4, fuck me and my feelings. Yeah. So anyway, so anyway, so anyway, so anyway, so so so so so so so so so anyway, so anyway, so anyway, so anyway, so anyway, Mike I'm um uh um well I I I I I I I I I mean um so well gonna ask you a question. Yes watching. It's not it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's not it's not it's not it's not it's not it's not it's not it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's not a trick question. Okay. Do you do you do you do you do do do do do do do do do you do you do you do you do you like you know uh well well well well well well well well well so I mean um you know think the Earth is flat? No good. I I I I I I I I I don't have to fucking kill you because uh um well um um um um um um um um um okay like you know I mean I was looking in the news. Out of the the the the the the the the the day that died. Yeah, you fucking okay so I mean okay okay I mean I I I I I I I I I mean um doubt. He's fairly he said his whole life trying to prove the Earth Earth Earth Earth Earth Earth Earth Earth Earth is flat. You know you know so like you know I mean well well. He said said said said said said said said said he said he said he said he said he said he said he said he he he he he he he he he said he spent his days for $18,000 making a rocket. He said I happen happen happen happen happen happen happen happen happen okay you know so you know like like well uh when the rocket took took took took took took took took took off the parachute went off of it. Like here's the rocket you know know know know know know know know know um so um well um uh um the pair she fell out class as as as as as as as as as we could have been a fucking idiot. That's well okay um okay well well well well well well well well well well uh you know what you get for being a fucking idiot $18,000 built a whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole rocket bro. That's I mean I mean like you know so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um okay like we like it's amazing. That's a nice Camry and SpaceX or $18,000 is like the chairs they put in that.