What's up, everybody? Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to the heroes for sale podcast. My name name name name name name name name name is adam. You know okay okay so well so you know like. I am am am am am am am am am your host. Thank you to everybody who listened to the last episode well um uh so so so so so so so so so um um you know so and welcome to anybody who is a new listener here. Here here here here here here here here. So on this episode, you know like I mean like uh uh um uh I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going to be doing something a little bit different I am going so so so so so so so so so okay well I mean okay so you know okay okay I'm trying to put together this like like like like like like like like like algorithm. And so I just wanted to um so uh uh like well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um kind of film and put together. Kind of making it I guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess is the best way okay you know I mean okay well you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay to put it I mean so I've been looking into like I've talked about in in in in in in in in in okay okay well you know so uh I mean well the past I talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked about in the last episode that I really am a like I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um like like well big fan of the Bowman Chrome rookie cards. So not not not not not not not not not the Bowman Prospect cards the ones um um okay so so like I mean like like like like like like like like like with the RC logo. So I so I so I so I so so so so so so so so so I so I so I so I so I was putting together some statistics statistics statistics statistics statistics statistics statistics statistics statistics with the um okay um um I mean like I mean well PSA Pop Pop Pop Pop Pop Pop Pop Pop Pop reports and then the pricing of those specific cards, so Here's basically what like like like like like like like like like um I mean okay you know you know okay I mean I got, so so so so so so so so so like I was looking at like players basically I use trout as a baseline, but I think something that's when I originally made this.