Just got to get up and tell the devil who you are. You gotta like like like like like like like like like you know like like um well okay well tell that devil who you are today. Today today today today today today today today. I woke up and I told the devil who so you know like like like like like like like like like like okay I mean okay you know I am in Christ. I am complete in in in in in in in in in him who is the head of all principality um like uh I mean um um um um um um um um um you know like I mean and power. I am alive in Christ. I am am am am am am am am am free from the law of sin and well okay like you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so well you know death. I am far from oppression and the enemy cannot come come come come come come come come come near me. I you I you I you I you I you I you I you you you you you you you you you I you I you know you know um well like okay okay okay am born born born born born born born born born of God and the evil one cannot touch me. I Am um uh you you you you you you you you you know okay I mean okay well like Without Blame before him in love. Love love love love love love love love. Love I am in right standing with the you know uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like uh so well father. I have the mind of Christ. I have the peace peace peace peace peace peace peace peace peace of God that surpasses all you know well you know like I mean uh so so so so so so so so so well understanding greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. World world world world world world world world. Uh so I mean I mean so well um like. I have received the power power power power power power power power power of the Holy Spirit. I have I have I have I have I have have have have have have have have have I have I have I have I have put up the old old old old old old old old old I mean well so like um okay okay okay and put on the new new new new new new new new new I have been given and it's been given to okay so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh so okay me. I have no lack for my God shall supply supply supply supply supply supply supply supply supply all my needs. According you according you according you according you according you you you you you you you you you according you according you according you according you know like uh like uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um to his riches. I have been called out of Darkness Into The Marvelous Light of the Gospel.