Well, good morning. It's Jake was so here again back with my channel Festival like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um um uh okay I mean okay selections going today free now, which is is is is is is is is is the first day starting off with grade 1 so you know you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um so action in the marsh novices Chase. Give me some prices prices prices prices prices prices prices prices prices on now, we've currently got well okay well uh uh you know like so itchy itchy itchy itchy itchy itchy itchy itchy itchy feet at 9:00 to 2:00 favorite 90s U-joint favorites or evil our home home home home home home home home home like so so like okay um um you know at 9:00 to 2:00 for for for for for for for for for Willie Mullins, and then we've got mr. Fisher still listed and so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um so like uh uh seven to one but I believe he's going going going going going going going going going the article samcro. To one okay okay like okay you know you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh for he later won. But I but I but I but I but I but but but but but but but but but I but I but I but I believe it's been confirmed. He's RSA he's RSA he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's RSA he's RSA he's RSA he's RSA he's RSA he's RSA he's RSA band band band band band band band band band Now by Willie okay so uh you know um well I mean okay Mullins Mullins Mullins Mullins Mullins Mullins Mullins Mullins Mullins easy game black art for teens reserve tank for teens melons 16 and so so so so so so so so so um well so you know uh well okay well on so forth. Forth forth forth forth forth forth forth forth. I think it's not really a race. I've looked into much myself so well like like like like like like like like like well so so um so personally as in going for a horse to the back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, but if I uh you know like well so I mean I mean okay was was was was was was was was was going to pick anything, I'll probably probably safe. So this bet to go with itchy feet Friday Murphy obviously got his first grade.