I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV the ESPN of TV talk uh you know so uh I mean I mean so so so so so so so so so you know now ladies and gentlemen, here we are on the bachelorette have to to to to to to to to to Show Low here like I mean like um okay um well uh on AfterBuzz TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV is this was an episode of Television, right? Yes, and we're I mean uh well well well well well well well well well okay like uh well um here to talk about this episode. We love we love love love love love love love love love our audience and we will well you know I mean I mean you know know know know know know know know know you know uh so give you our opinions here on AfterBuzz TV. She She She She She She She She She quickly at this is yall's first time um um uh you know uh okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay tuning in Welcome to The Bachelor after show here on AfterBuzz. AfterBuzz is an actress actress actress actress actress actress actress actress actress like like um well I mean I mean like well no network. We covered covered covered covered covered covered covered covered covered just about everything on TV. And this is of course your Bachelor okay uh okay well well well well well well well well well you know um okay so crew led by me or moderated by me. I I I I I I I I I should I should I should I should I should I should I should I should I I I I I I I I I should say said yeah. Well I mean well um well uh you know I mean. Mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean. I am so stupid. I'm surrounded by Geniuses, but I'll introduce myself. Only Only Only Only Only Only Only Only Only first got uh well um so okay so I mean well me was chef Graham huge Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor fan huge reality TV fan and a host you know I mean um um um um um um um um um I mean you know you know well well here at the network. So excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited to be here, but me Christine be next. I well um so um um um um um um um um um um you know well well call her our Bachelor Insider, of course, she writes as Perez Hilton the two of the.