A quick word about my sponsor anchor if you've ever thought about creating your own own own own own own own own own okay you know um you know um I mean uh well podcast piece of advice advice advice advice advice advice advice advice advice for you. Use anchor use anchor use anchor use anchor use anchor use anchor use use use use use use use use use anchor use anchor use anchor anchor is your One Stop Shop for you know okay I I I I I I I I I mean okay um well like well creating your own podcast. It's free. It allows you you you you you you you you you to record and edit your podcast right from I mean uh I mean you you you you you you you you you know well um I mean uh your phone or your computer. It also it also also also also also also also also also it also it also it also it also it also it also it also also also also also also also also also distributes your podcast to most major podcast platforms. Uh okay you know well I mean so so so so so so so so so so well. And finally, it gives you an opportunity to monetize your podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. So if podcast or something uh I mean like um okay I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you're looking to get into download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor well well uh well I mean I mean well well dot f m It started. Started started started started started started started started. Hey, welcome back. So been so been so been so been so been so been been been been been been been been been so been so been so been a couple days since uh okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so uh like I did my last podcast as well as my my my my my my my my my last, you know update on this kind you know so you know uh uh so so so so so so so so so you know so of coronavirus and all the things kind of surrounding that that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's you know, this this this okay like you know um well like you know know know know know know know know know uh podcast this YouTube channel could almost be called, you know, coronavirus Central Central Central Central Central Central Central Central Central and okay so so well like you know um you know it has been that that that that that that that that that way since you know, January 21st, when I kind of first so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know uh uh like you know started talking about it and so and for good good good good good good good good good reason obviously, I think that should be obvious to everyone you occasionally the comment and I'll see you at.