Well, good well, good well, good well, good well, good well, good well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, good well, good well, good afternoon guys, it's Jack Russell here with my channel channel channel channel channel channel channel channel channel Festival selections. We're going with I mean I mean uh so I mean well um um um um um um um um um you know day one. The Tuesday first race of the day of the the the the the the the the the meeting is a supreme I mean so so you know so I I I I I I I I I mean um uh novices hurdle grade one. We've got shishkin at five to two two two two two two two two two Astro and phalange um so I mean I mean you know okay um you know 72 72 72 72 72 72 72 72 72 Abracadabra 601 change warehouses noise and then we've got my pick a last 25 uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um so so well I mean well so to 1 Nick ends and seconds during the the the the the the the the the race with Jeremiah McGraw confirmed uh well I mean so well I mean uh okay to to to to to to to to to be riding him on the day. Two main Market while I was issued in in in in in in in in in okay well um you know so I mean well you know a stirring for for for for for for for for for lunch. They probably they probably they probably they probably they probably they probably they probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably they probably they probably deserve to be up there because they've got probably okay well well well well well well well well well um so well uh um uh the best form of all the horses in the race. Race race race race race race race race. She skin very impressive as okay I mean you know okay um uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay two wins. And again asking for loans and being free starts this year year year year year year year year year looking very very impressive well you know so like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh indeed two wins over hurdles and one in a bump of him. I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've gone like um so um well um uh so without a heart he is a two-time two-time two-time two-time two-time two-time two-time two-time two-time winner over hurdle so far this season, he filed his first start over the obstacles at Ascot last year very well back.