Hey everybody, welcome back to the Dallas and show the podcast that that that that that that that that that I that I you know um okay like like uh like like have. Um, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm here with Liana my girlfriend Lee and how you doing? I'm well I'm well I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm well I'm well I'm well I'm well I'm well I'm well I'm well well well well well well well well well I mean um okay um you know well like good how happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy March. Happy Martin. You'll Marilla you'll Marilla you'll Marilla you'll Marilla you'll Marilla you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll Marilla you'll Marilla you'll Marilla you'll Marilla marzipan, March 1 March. Oh, you like I I I I I I I I I mean uh so uh um okay I mean know, it was a leap year yesterday. Yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday. Yeah. I felt really stupid because I had so you know so uh uh so so so so so so so so so okay so to ask you a question about leap year. What did you ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask me to remember? okay um um so uh uh so I mean We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're about people's birthdays, you know, I Grew up with the kid whose um um so so so so so so so so so okay well you know well you know dad his birthday was that we'd always teased that he he he he he he he he he had his dad was uh I mean like well well um like you you you you you you you you you know only like 14 or whatever. I literally I literally I literally I literally I I I I I I I I I literally I literally I literally I literally I literally never thought of that once once once once once once once once once that's interesting so uh you know so um uh so you know and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's whenever I'm in Years of Living that's how old you are never like like I I I I I I I I I mean you know okay you know like like thought wow could've fooled me. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, I apparently they celebrate it on the 28th or today. I mean like um like like like like like like like like like well uh uh um. That's so sad. That's not their birthday. Yeah. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's it's really weird. You know I mean um um uh um like uh. I I I I I I I I I know. Do you know how leap year started? No, it no, it no, it no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, it no, it no, it no, it no, it no, it was Julius Caesar really because every four.