Welcome to wizard team a Harry Potter cast for two potterheads each week. We you you you you you you you you you know I mean well well uh like like I mean discussed a chapter chapter chapter chapter chapter chapter chapter chapter chapter from the series with all of our knowledge of The Wizarding World so like you you you you you you you you you know like I mean I mean well uh be warned. This is a spoiler heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy podcast. I'm Brianna and I'm Robin. We were well I mean like um like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like really excited to go chapter by chapter discuss all of our our our our our our our our our thoughts and feelings um so I mean so uh okay um I mean about about about about about about about about about the original book theories, but that's over now today. We're discussing scenes 59 365 365 365 365 365 365 365 365 365 like okay I mean I mean um I mean you know uh of Fantastic Beasts Beasts Beasts Beasts Beasts Beasts Beasts Beasts Beasts and Where to Find Them first. We have some announcements and reminders uh you know know know know know know know know know um uh well so well okay is an interactive podcast. We want we want we want want want want want want want want want we want we want we want we want we want we want to to to to to to to to to know your thoughts. So, please so, please so, please so, please so, please so, please please please please please please please please please so, please so, please so, please feel free so um I mean you know know know know know know know know know uh I mean um uh to tweet along with us. You can you can you can you you you you you you you you you can you can you can you can you can you can use the hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag wizard team on Twitter to join uh so you know like uh um um you you you you you you you you you know the conversation love our blog love with 13 have a few extra guy in flying flying flying flying flying flying flying flying flying okay okay I mean like you know so I mean well around donate to block us us us us us us us us us create check out our new Petronas perks or send us a cheering charm at black girls create dot-org.