This week on Aliens like us and I'm not admitting to it but you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like well okay you know well you know I may have accidentally bribed a Chinese Guard Guard Guard Guard Guard Guard Guard Guard Guard from those hybridization programs. There is there is there is there is there is there is is is is is is is is is there is there is there is um um I mean so well well well well well well well well well well okay uh a reptilian a Draconian a humanoid and a terrestrial human program. Program program program program program program program program. Hello. Hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm Reese um you know uh uh so well you you you you you you you you you know okay Derby hid alien. Welcome to aliens like us with me of course button below below below below below below below below below the like um like okay so well okay like other alien and Ethan Ethan Ethan Ethan Ethan Ethan Ethan Ethan Ethan Hello. Both of both of both of both of both of both of of of of of of of of of both of both of both of you young producer. Alien is welcome back to our well well well well well well well well well uh uh you know like you know uh well show this time. We're going we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going going going going going going going going going to discuss Ancient Aliens. That's like old aliens in US. Yeah, I I I I I I I I I mean so okay uh uh like you know well you guys heard about this Theory ancient ancient ancient ancient ancient ancient ancient ancient ancient astronaut theory. Oh, yeah familiar with it huge. Well well well you know um um um um um um um um um um um uh. Yeah. It's a thing. There's a TV show called Ancient Aliens. Yes, and yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, and yes, and yes, and yes, and yes, and yes, and yes, and yes, and of Erich von.