Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune so tune so tune tune tune tune tune tune tune tune tune so tune so tune so tune so tune so tune so tune out if uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um uh um well um so you want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this this this this this this this this this season couple weeks ago. I reported like you know uh I mean uh uh well I I I I I I I I I mean that Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew well well well well well well well well well okay like well uh so well you know Link in the description and and and and and and and and and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated uh I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh okay well that Maddie was certainly going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is is is is is is is is is officially okay okay well well like like well you know dead because Claire Crawley Crawley Crawley Crawley Crawley Crawley Crawley Crawley Crawley was announced as next season's leading woman. So let me get like okay um I I I I I I I I I mean you know you know I mean like this straight. Maddie was was was was was was was was was filming something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the uh like I I I I I I I I I mean okay you know uh uh I mean Bachelorette so she has to be the the the the the the the the the winner of this season, right? Is there any other you know uh well um well well well well well well well well well uh I mean like reason Maddie would have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as but but but but but but but but but as but as but as but as but as but as but as but but but but but but but but but as of right now I like uh uh uh okay well I mean so so so so so so so so so see no other explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let me know your you know know know know know know know know know I mean so you know um okay well well thoughts down in the comments below. Below below below below below below below below. That's all I've got for today on Bachelor um like well um you know know know know know know know know know well um okay News Daily. But if you're new to Clare Crawley, I just did did did did did did did did did a deep so like well okay uh like well so dive on her earlier today. Today today today today today today today today. So check that out on this channel and make sure okay okay I mean you you you you you you you you you know um okay uh I mean you check out our Bachelor after show live tonight at at at at at at at at at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.