Hello again, everybody. I'm dr. Steve Brule this I'm the principal of Lincoln high so so so so so so so so so um like so you know well I mean I mean Central and your host for everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything Central my guest. This episode this episode this episode this episode this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode this episode this episode this episode this episode will be like so uh you know know know know know know know know know well you know well I mean seniors who were recently honored for earning the highest highest highest highest highest highest highest highest highest academic honor Ed Central summa cum so you know okay like so um um um um um um um um um um um laude at the end of seven semesters. We had 29 seniors out of so you you you you you you you you you know um so um uh like you know approximately four hundred and ninety who have have have have have have have have have earned a GPA of 5.0 and above okay okay uh uh um okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so today. We have we have we have we have we have we have have have have have have have have have we have we have we have a couple of those Those students with us Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth Wilson and George so well like okay well like uh well Burchfield. Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks for being with us today guys. What I'd like you to do is well um um um um um um um um um so uh I mean like well I mean state your name and the activities you've you've you've you've you've you've you've you've you've been involved with at Central I'm like I mean I mean like okay okay um um um um um um um um um you know Georgia Burchfield. I'm involved with mathletes boys lacrosse football soccer and basketball. I'm Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth okay um well so I mean okay like uh Wilson and I'm involved with lots of of of of of of of of of music things pep band marching band jazz band Symphony. Lots of lots of lots lots lots lots lots lots lots lots lots of lots of lots of lots of lots of lots of lots of stuff great. So both of you.