Hey, what's up, guys? The Pusher here. And if you haven't heard about the the the the the the the the the so okay um so like I mean I mean you know anchor app, let let let let let let let let let me explain a few things because it's the easiest way to make okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like uh okay you know so a podcast. That's exactly that's exactly that's exactly that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's exactly that's exactly that's exactly that's exactly that's exactly that's exactly what what what what what what what what what we do here at running wild podcast. We use um um like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um anchor for many reasons. The first reason is is that it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's free. That's correct. Uh I mean so okay like okay well like. You don't have to to to to to to to to to pay a single dime to make your own podcast. Also, like you know like so so so so so so so so so um so so you know there's creation tools that allow you to to record and and and and and and and and and edit your podcast right I mean so I mean uh um okay uh I I I I I I I I I mean from your phone your computer or even your iPad anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you. I mean like you know you know well you you you you you you you you you know like okay. So you don't have to worry about it. It can be be be be be be be be be heard on Spotify Apple you know like uh you know um um like I I I I I I I I I mean podcast and many more platforms. You can you can you can you can you you you you you you you you you can you can you can you can you can also make money from your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and um I mean like like uh I mean I mean I mean everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody loves making more money. So go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's a that's a that's a that's a that's a that's a that's a that's a that's a and CH o r dot FBI.