It looks it looks it looks it looks it looks it looks it looks it it it it it it it it it looks it looks like there's going to be a lady Loki in the upcoming Disney Disney Disney Disney Disney Disney Disney Disney Disney plus uh so well so well okay so I mean series after all there there there there there there there there there have been new set photos revealed on Twitter by at I mean um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know I mean well BR Marvel news showing Sofia demartino dressed in in in in in in in in in a black suit with I mean um uh like like I mean so um the the the the the the the the the green and gold that is a dead giveaway for Loki. This was this was was was was was was was was was this was this was this was this was this was this was this was a rumor rumor rumor rumor rumor rumor rumor rumor rumor I mean well um I mean okay well um um that was circulating not long long long long long long long long long ago, but was never actually confirmed now looks like that's like so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay okay like exactly what we'll be getting. This also leads us to wonder whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether we'll be seeing a I mean you know okay okay uh uh you know know know know know know know know know so kid Loki as well as both a child and Lady versions of loci or like like like like like like like like like well well okay um um so so straight out of the comics. In fact, in fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, in fact, in fact, in fact, in fact, in fact, in fact, in in in in in in in in in fact, he's changed his form quite like well um I mean well uh um um um um um um um um um okay a few times after being brought back to them dead. And it looks looks looks looks looks looks looks looks looks uh you know I mean I mean well so okay I mean like we're getting at at at at at at at at at least two versions so will be fun to see what else like so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so I mean uh well we might see in the upcoming Loki. Are you you you you you you you you you excited about the upcoming series? Let us like well okay you know um uh well well well well well well well well well so know what you'd like to see in the comments and be sure to to to to to to to to to hit that like well like uh so I mean well well like button and and and and and and and and and subscribe for your daily dose of Marvel for more in-depth conversations head like like like like like like like like like like so okay well so uh so over to Marvel movie news. Thursday's 1 p.m. Pm pm pm pm pm pm pm pm. Right here on the popcorn talk and if like okay well you know know know know know know know know know okay uh okay okay you'd like to keep up with my ever-growing Marvel Obsession, you can follow me on Twitter and Instagram @ Z.