What's up, y'all? Just wanted to take a minute and say if you've ever considered considered considered considered considered considered considered considered considered uh well you know uh I mean so I mean you know starting a a a a a a a a a podcast now is definitely the time anchor is definitely the place I okay um um um um um um um um um uh I mean okay uh like so can't tell you how easy it was for for for for for for for for for me to start my podcast and I mean okay uh like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um get it up and running. Thanks to Anchor with a couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple clicks of the button. I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean I mean uh um okay uh you know like uh. I I I I I I I I I had my podcast out ready to go on Spotify Apple podcast and many other other other other other other other other other platforms again. Like uh um okay well so uh well. It was so so so so so so so so so easy. I can I can I can I can I can I can I I I I I I I I I can I can I can do it from my phone from my computer. It It It It It It It It It um um um okay okay so uh um doesn't really matter. Whatever. Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why I want to do I can do it. It's free absolutely like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay um so well free and they help you with sponsorships. They helped me with so so so so so so so so so much. They literally well uh you know you know uh um uh well do do do do do do do do do it. All I can't think of a better place to start a podcast well well well well well well well well well so you know um okay you know um like for a beginner for a pro. It It It It It It It It It doesn't matter again. So download the free app like like okay uh like you know know know know know know know know know like like today or go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get started again download so I mean um so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so well the app today. It's free, or you can go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. So let's jump back into the podcast.