Wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs 13 um like um okay um I mean okay I mean 11. I read a story story story story story story story story story recently about a 24 year old who went okay um so well well I I I I I I I I I mean so I mean to visit a financial planner the financial planner asked to to to to to to to to to see her spending habits the um um you know like um um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay author of the article shared that through to over the phone sessions sessions sessions sessions sessions sessions sessions sessions sessions in a couple of uh I mean so well so uh well okay weeks of financial financial financial financial financial financial financial financial financial reflection. She found that she didn't have to give up things. She really loved okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well like uh you know so like to save money that realization realization realization realization realization realization realization realization realization helped her get past Financial anxiety and helped her you know uh okay so so so so so so so so so you know like um well to make productive spending cuts during the sessions. Which each each each each each each each each each lasted about an hour they okay okay uh you know well uh um so so so so so so so so so discussed her background shared screens to look at a monthly credit card statement and and and and and and and and and addressed well so uh I mean um like well um goals for the week. The The The The The The The The The financial accountability was intended to help her prepare and save for I mean like like like like like like like like like so well well you know well um the future. It's encouraging to know that that that that that that that that that the Bible is full of wise advice uh well I mean I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean on how to handle and how to view Money In fact money money money money money money money money money is mentioned I mean you know you know you know um like okay like hundreds hundreds hundreds hundreds hundreds hundreds hundreds hundreds hundreds of times in the Bible including the verse from Proverbs we heard today. Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's hear well okay you know so well you know um uh it it it it it it it it it again wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time. It's also important to remember.