Hello and welcome to Fitness unfiltered episode 64. So this is our first in uh so so so so so so so so so you know so I mean I mean you know I mean a couple of weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks due to some scary scheduling issues. For those of you that I I I I I I I I I mean I mean well uh you know you know well um did notice they they they they they they they they they be a large percentage of you that didn't notice but we did promise that that that that that that that that that okay uh you know well um I mean you know I mean it would be be be be be be be be be worth the wait. So before we get into it is only right uh okay uh I I I I I I I I I mean well okay um you know to acknowledge that I'm also joined by Emma and Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike as always so m. You know well you know um okay well so uh. How are are are are are are are are are you I'm fine. Excellent and excellent and excellent and excellent and excellent and excellent and excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent and excellent and excellent and Mike, how are you? I am I am I am am am am am am am am am I am I am I am I am I am I am also fine. Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, um uh uh okay um um like well so statements of I'm fine pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty much make sure the world goes around I think so. Like okay you know you you you you you you you you you know okay okay okay like. We are actually joined by another and we are honored and and and and and and and and and excited to be you know I mean well okay you know um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay joined by Doctor David. Robert Grimes robert Grimes robert Grimes robert Grimes robert Grimes robert robert robert robert robert robert robert robert robert Grimes robert Grimes robert Grimes robert Grimes who is a physicist cancer researcher award-winning science science science science science science science science science writer uh so um I mean uh like so I mean and author of a a a a a a a a a best-seller, which I'm not just saying this because he's they're here. I I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um like um well well uh okay did actually say it to Mike off air as as as as as as as as as well. It is one of like I mean um well um okay um uh my my my my my my my my my favorite reads of 2019. And the irrational type which we all are irrational apes are times I think so.