Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly about about about about about about about about about um um uh okay okay you know so like Spotify on Spotify. You can can can can can can can can can listen to all of your favorite artists and like um so um uh like like like like like like like like like like I mean podcast and one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium premium premium premium premium premium premium premium premium um you know you know okay um I mean I mean I mean account account account account account account account account account and that is great because let's face it. We are we are we are we we we we we we we we we are we are we are we are we are we are all trying to to to to to to to to to save I mean I mean you know okay so you know um um a little little little little little little little little little bit these days. So with so with so with so with so with so with with with with with with with with with so with so with so with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So So So So So So So So So I so I so I so I so I so I so I I I I I I I I I so I so I mean you know I mean well um you know like so you never never never never never never never never never miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to with so you know know know know know know know know know uh you know you know okay well okay your friends on Instagram and premium users can even even even even even even even even even download episodes to listen to well you know you know so like well well well well well well well well well um so offline wherever and whenever you are if you're like me, you probably have too uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like uh okay okay many. The apps downloaded already but but but but but but but but but this one is actually useful. So if you um uh like I mean uh um um um um um um um um um like uh haven't done so already download the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast on you know you know I mean well well uh so okay Spotify or browse browse browse browse browse browse browse browse browse podcasts in the you are Library tab. Also, make sure to follow uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you know uh so um you know us on there. So you you you you you you you you you never miss an episode of optimal living advice. That being okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like I mean I mean uh I mean I mean said, let's get into today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's episode. Hello, everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody Welcome to episode 45 of optimal like so okay so so so so so so so so so well like I mean I mean living advice the podcast where we take any any any any any any any any any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.