Welcome to on the spot the podcast where no question is off the so you you you you you you you you you know um you know okay okay you know okay table each week. We invite invite invite invite invite invite invite invite invite a guest to sit down with mayor Marvin Reese you know you know um um um um um um um um um I mean well well I mean well posing the questions that really matter to Brazilians and and and and and and and and and the City of Bristol from transport okay uh okay well like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well so to safety and housing to the harbor. It's time to put the mare in in in in in in in in in the you know okay um like like um um well hot seat. My name name name name name name name name name is Jasmine Jenkins and I'm studying broadcast journalism at the University of uh okay um um um um um um um um um you know like so well so the west of England. My name is Simon white. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm studying media and journalism at so so so you know I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so you as well. And I'm in the second year. What is what is is is is is is is is is what is what is what is what is what is what is what what what what what what what what what is the impact of okay I mean um like uh like well um the the the the the the the the the withdrawal from the EU on the student population? Well, I understand from what I I I I I I I I I so well okay you know I mean so okay like understand from for universities universities universities universities universities universities universities universities universities directly. The numbers the numbers the numbers the numbers the numbers the numbers the numbers numbers numbers numbers numbers numbers numbers numbers numbers the numbers the numbers of students applying for overseas hasn't necessarily been adversely like so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean I mean okay um impacted. I think they've been very proactive. Proactive proactive proactive proactive proactive proactive proactive proactive. I'm reaching out and from the very firm the very beginning. I've worked with University leaders to send messages as.