Hello Madge fans and welcome to Mage the podcast the podcast that works well um um um um um um um um um so like uh um well uh hard towards Ascension. So you so you so you you you you you you you you you so you so you so you so you so you so you don't have to to to to to to to to to I'm your host Adam Simpson well so I mean uh um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um and I am joined by terrie Robinson. And today we are going going going going going going going going going to talk you know okay like okay I mean um you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean about the dream speakers in another episode of tomes of magic. But before but but but but but but but but but before but before but before but before but before but before but before but but but but but but but but but before we do, I mean I mean uh uh um um like you know know know know know know know know know I thought it might be nice to cover some announcements and also Terry how you you you you you you you you you like I mean okay well so I mean uh uh doing. I am doing fine. I was was was was was was was was was on the Midnight Express podcast to talk about okay I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean okay um the woo Kang now we talked for almost two two two two two two two two two and a A half hours just about so um so you know you know know know know know know know know know I mean well I mean the Wu-Tang because B ches discussion of the Hem Hem Hem Hem Hem Hem Hem Hem Hem Caso back where they take um well you know okay so um you know know know know know know know know know I mean it where he takes 18 pages of material and talks about that for for for for for for for for for two hours you know I mean uh um I mean I mean um um um um um um um um um so wasn't quite enough but the key mistake I made was I forgot that that that that that that that that that uh um I mean so so like I mean okay Australian summer time time time time time time time time time and North American summer time do not occur at the same time. Well well um um um um um um um um um so like so so like. So I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so so so so so so so so so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm like, let's figure out out out out out out out out out a time to record what will be good you know uh like um like well well well well well well well well well so so and I'm like 9:00 p.m. Your time sounds good and I work work work work work work work work work backwards and well you know okay I mean like okay you know uh like like like like like like like like like I can wake up at that point you're in this portion is bloody. But and then only later did I find out that.