Hey Tim here from the Sun solar panel podcast. If you if you if you if if if if if if if if if you if you if you if you if you if you haven't heard about about about about about about about about about anchor so uh you know I mean um well um um get it is is is is is is is is is the easiest way to make a podcast. I want to explain. You know you know know know know know know know know know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know um um um um um um um um um like so well so um uh. It's actually where we host our podcast at at at at at at at at at for one. It's free. There's a creation tool okay I mean like you know know know know know know know know know you know you know okay uh that allows you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or you know you know you know like well so so so so so so so so so so you know your computer if that's how you want to do it. That's not how we we we we we we we we we um okay so okay uh I mean okay so do it. But I suppose suppose suppose suppose suppose suppose suppose suppose suppose you could anchor will distribute your podcast for you. You know so uh uh well well well well well well well well well okay okay well. So it so it so it so it so it so so so so so so so so so it so it so it so it can be heard everywhere. That's spotify. Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify. That's Apple that's Apple that's Apple that's Apple that's Apple that's Apple that's Apple that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's Apple that's Apple podcast Stitcher many many more well you know well I I I I I I I I I mean so you know um you know and you can make money. From your your your your your your your your your from your from your from your from your from your from your from from from from from from from from from your from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need like like like like like like like like like like uh um well so okay you know to make a podcast and one place. So So So So So So So So So go ahead and download the um um um uh you know um okay you know know know know know know know know know free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. And now for like like like like like like like like like okay so uh well um like so the sun solar panel podcast. Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, it's a spool back to tell you about so uh um you know know know know know know know know know well um I mean like our friends at Spotify. That's right, that's right, that's right, that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's right, that's right, that's right, that's right, that's right, that's right, you know Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify for music, but now guess what um uh you know so like you know okay well well well well well well well well well you can find all your favorite podcast there as well. You know, I love listening to my music. I love listen to my.