Our dear listener. If you're listening to our podcast on able podcasts. Could I I I I I I I I I could I could I could I could I could I could I could I could I I I I I I I I I mean I mean like uh um you know okay well you please take a minute and give give give give give give give give give us a five star rating? This um okay like uh like well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so would really help us to move forward. Hello everybody. I'm Maria and and and and and and and and and my name like so so you know you know okay okay well is is is is is is is is is Rory and we are the hosts of the aisle speaking for Success podcast and and and and and and and and and next well like well I mean you know uh so um week on March the the the the the the the the the 13th. We will we will we will we will we will we will we we we we we we we we we will we will we will be the host of the aisle speaking for I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um I mean um I mean okay so well Success webinar from four o'clock. Until five five five five five five five five five o'clock Moscow time. Yes, this is okay well I mean like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay the unique time when you can see Rory and myself our pretty like like like like like like like like like I mean um okay um um like well faces and Rory will be doing a full full full full full full full full full ayats speaking test. He'll crack jokes well like okay okay uh so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay on his feet. So no preparation whatsoever. It'll be fun. So please so please so please please please please please please please please please so please so please so please so please so please please please please please please please please please so please do so like well so I mean um well well well well well well well well well okay join in we do need everyone to join in. Okay. Absolutely. We uh like like like like like like like like like uh so well I mean like so really insisted everybody. Is there is there there there there there there there there there is there is there is there is there is there is there is there click on the link in the description and join in for today's topic very I.