Hey everyone, welcome to the urban robot cat podcast. I'm your host Travis likens. Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well I well I well I well I well I well I well I well well well well well well well well well I well I mean so okay well so so well. I'm Chris rwk. I'm Corey Corey Corey Corey Corey Corey Corey Corey Corey I'm Corey I'm Corey I'm Corey I'm Corey I'm Corey I'm Corey I'm Corey Corey Corey Corey Corey Corey Corey Corey Corey I'm Corey from strange cat toys. We're here for episode 16. But first you know know know know know know know know know you know um like so like you know uh we want to say say say say say say say say say thank you to our sponsors first up sticker fide. They made okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh you know well a wonderful Circle for us and they they they they they they they they they want to do the same for you. I mean uh like okay so you you you you you you you you you know uh uh. So if you want to check them out, make sure to head head head head head head head head head over to like you know you know okay you know like like um sticker sticker sticker sticker sticker sticker sticker sticker sticker fide.com. Also, no love City the love City where you get the okay like like like like like like like like like like okay you know well well like urban robot cat t-shirt. And if you you you you you you you you you use the code Urban robot um you know okay like I mean okay uh I I I I I I I I I mean cat at checkout, you'll receive 10% off your order. That is that is that that that that that that that that that is that is that is that is that is that is that is no no no no no no no no no love city.com. And I mean so well I mean like uh I mean well well well well well well well well well then also SD prints there are screen printing company that can make you some like like like like like like like like like like um uh so well like I mean wonderful products for your booth tables tables tables tables tables tables tables tables tables website, whatever you got they can make a product I mean I mean I mean you you you you you you you you you know okay uh um well for you. You can check them out at SD SD SD SD SD SD SD SD SD screen printing dotnet. So you know you know okay well I mean well I I I I I I I I I mean um episode 16. What do you been up to Chris? And I think we should hit it with a.