My name my name my name my name my name my name my name name name name name name name name name my name my name is Aaron Ross. And this is the dirt Confessions of of of of of of of of of a tree I mean uh I mean well so um well okay planter art for this this this this this this this this this podcast comes from another tree planter Bethany Davis as part well like you you you you you you you you you know uh okay like so so of her illustration series follow the trees. This is is is is is is is is is a podcast about tree okay well like you know uh you know like you know planting planting planting planting planting planting planting planting planting as a reforestation practice in the Civic culture industry tree plungers well you know well so so so so so so so so so uh okay uh um are a collective of people who spend much of their lives lives lives lives lives lives lives lives lives replenishing the logged area uh well well like like well okay okay with New forest. Forest Forest Forest Forest Forest Forest Forest Forest. However tree planting is so much more than the physical act of planting um um um um um um um um um like I mean okay so um okay I mean thousands of seedlings in the ground ground ground ground ground ground ground ground ground day after day as a Job, it is um um uh okay um so well well well well well well well well well I mean about the connections experiences bonds and memories that last a lifetime. The dirt dirt dirt dirt dirt dirt dirt dirt dirt is I mean well so um you know um okay well a place to shed shed shed shed shed shed shed shed shed light on the culture that is mostly contained within those so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean so so you know like who have stuck with shovel in in in in in in in in in the ground. It is it is it is it is it is it is is is is is is is is is it is it is it is meant to dive deep like well so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so so I mean like into all things tree planting as a place for those those those those those those those those those to reminisce relate more to learn. Like so I mean I mean uh like like like like like like like like like well you know. So wherever you're coming from as any tree planter would say May the planting Gods be with you. Hey everyone, I.