Is podcast is brought to you by what my reading the UK's most influential wedding wedding wedding wedding wedding wedding wedding wedding wedding I mean uh you know okay okay so uh so brand. Hello and welcome to the the the the the the the the the podcast normally Becky introduces it but today it's you know you know know know know know know know know know like uh uh you know okay you know me back is run out of ways ways ways ways ways ways ways ways ways to introduce we can just um well um I mean uh well like so so so so so so so so so talk to yourself about yourself in the third person, which is awkward. Hello and welcome. Welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome. Uh I mean okay uh like I mean like um. Honestly, we honestly, we honestly, we honestly, honestly, honestly, honestly, honestly, honestly, honestly, honestly, honestly, we honestly, we honestly, we honestly, we honestly, we honestly, we are spoiling you you you you you you you you you lately because we've got another guest haven't we we had okay like okay so well well well well well well well well well okay so uh a break up our waffle and today's episode very interesting. We're talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking we're talking we're talking we're talking we're talking we're talking we're talking we're talking we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're talking about okay well um well uh okay I mean I mean how to to to to to to to to to plan a wedding when you have children of your own. We're actually going to I mean I I I I I I I I I mean okay well um like so uh cover off planning a wedding when you've you've you've you've you've you've you've you've you've got small children and a some elements like uh okay I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean of planning a wedding when you're pregnant as well to cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover a bit of both off and we are joined by friend of the show Molly. Hi Holly. Hi guys.