Hello and welcome to handle eyes this. I am I am I am I I I I I I I I I am I am I am I am I am I am one of of of of of of of of of to Hannah's Hannah Hart. And uh well um like like I mean you you you you you you you you you know well today I am joined by extremely special guest Kevin McHale McHale McHale McHale McHale McHale McHale McHale McHale and Jenna ushkowitz you might so you know so I mean well well um well well well well well well well well well remember them from a little show called Glee or from their current phenomenal hit podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast okay um okay like uh I mean so um showmance. We are we are we we we we we we we we we are we are we are we are we are we are we are going to be be be be be be be be be talking about being in our 30s or newly 30 learning so uh well like um you you you you you you you you you know uh I mean how to say no and hell, maybe we'll talk about cupping enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy you guys. Okay you okay you okay you okay you okay you okay you okay you you you you you you you you you okay you okay you know like you know well I mean I mean well. I I I I I I I I I don't know. Oh why I feel like nervous today, but I feel nervous so so so so so so so so so you know okay like you know well well um today, which I really really really really really really really really really yeah II don't know why I really don't know why listeners and so so so so so so so so so um uh well so you know well uh earbuds what you weren't privy to to to to to to to to to prior to this was my frenetic trying to get okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so so so uh so ready Jenna and Kevin have been here for 30 minutes. Minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes. I said to all well I mean um so well so like um of this this this this this this this this this morning. I was like, oh I've just got to make sure the um um um um um um um um um you know you know um um okay well okay podcast is set. There's nothing there's nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing there's nothing there's nothing there's nothing there's nothing there's nothing there's nothing there's nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing I hate more than when you show up to uh uh so well like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know somebody's thing and they're not ready for you. Yes, okay, but in theory the no you're right. It's there.