Hey Rizzo here at George Mason University. We're talking to Liam classy. He's a CO CO CO CO CO CO CO CO CO chair well okay like okay like so like you know person of the Irish primary primary primary primary primary primary primary primary primary physical education Association, and on this podcast, we've had um you know I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay so some prior episodes about different countries. Curricula before curricula before curricula before before before before before before before before before curricula before curricula before curricula before curricula before curricula before curricula before most notably the Australian Australian Australian Australian Australian Australian Australian Australian Australian curriculum with Laura um okay like like um so okay so Alfre. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's episode that's episode that's episode that's episode that's episode that's episode that's episode that's episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode that's episode 22 and that's our most downloaded episode to date. We also okay like like like like like like like like like well um so I mean well like talked to Obey about the Norwegian curriculum curriculum curriculum curriculum curriculum curriculum curriculum curriculum curriculum and episode 66 and Dan with the Ontario Canada Canadian well um okay so well well well well well well well well well um so well physical education curriculum and episode 75. So the people who listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen to our podcast so you know um like like like like okay seem to to to to to to to to to be interested in curriculum from different areas of the world. So we're going uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um well you know I mean like to keep finding people who know know know know know know know know know them well to explain them on the pad okay like okay so so so so so so so so so so well uh so podcast. So here so here so here so here so here so here here here here here here here here here so here so here so here we go with a new episode of playing with research research research research research research research research research and health and physical education. And so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so today we.