Hey everyone, welcome back to the latest episode of survive. HR. My name is um um um um um um um um um I mean like I mean um um uh I mean Kelly Scheib. For those of of of of of of of of of you guys that are first-time listeners. I'm here joined by my I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well uh like um co-host Steve now we are so we had a plan plan plan plan plan plan plan plan plan for today and as is typical um like I mean so uh so well um um um um um um um um um with my life, we change the plan because there's this little known known known known known known known known known virus like uh okay uh okay you know so you know out there that's causing causing causing causing causing causing causing causing causing a lot of noise and we thought it was incredibly um you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um um you know you know relevant to have a podcast on that topic today today today today today today today today today if it weren't you just in, california. Like well okay um well well well well well well well well well well um well. Yeah, I was and I'm isn't isn't that where the clock is is is is is is is is is Coronavirus is like uh uh I mean like okay so okay originated. I think I think think think think think think think think think I think I think I think I think I think I think I I I I I I I I I think that we need no well, like have you been watching United States? I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um like you know you know I mean well um I think you weren't tested tested tested tested tested tested tested tested tested when you came back. Nobody's looked at you they haven't I mean um like like like like like like like like like you know so okay um okay even taken taking my temperature. All right. Well, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm glad we've got the so like so okay uh uh like okay experts we we we we we we we we we have here today to talk to us. So today we are joined by so so so so so so so so so okay um um so um uh okay dr. Patel. Yes from proactive MZ huge supporter of proactive and D. So I'm excited that.