Hey, what's up, guys? It's Jonathan white. And in and in and in in in in in in in in in and in and in and in and in and in and in this this this this this this this this this episode. I'm going to be okay well uh I mean you know you know know know know know know know know know uh um talking about male multiple orgasms and so stick around to hear more about this this this this this this this this this juicy well uh uh so um well like well stuff. Do you do do do do do do do do do you do you do you do you do you do you do you you you you you you you you you do you want to live a high Vibe live with radiant energy so well you you you you you you you you you know okay okay you know like well levels juicy sexual vitality and have have have have have have have have have great success manifesting abundance in your life. I mean I mean I mean I mean I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean well well I mean uh uh well well well well well well well well well uh. Welcome to the sexual Kung-Fu podcast where we dive into sexual Mastery and and and and and and and and and how like uh uh well um okay uh um to use Sexual Energy to magnetize magnetize magnetize magnetize magnetize magnetize magnetize magnetize magnetize your ideal life. So there's a bit of a like like you know um uh I I I I I I I I I mean okay you know myth in our world that the ejaculatory orgasm is is is is is is is is is the extent of a man's sexual like okay um uh um so well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay capacity. That's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's the greatest sexual experience man can have is this ejaculatory ejaculatory ejaculatory ejaculatory ejaculatory ejaculatory ejaculatory ejaculatory ejaculatory orgasm so uh I mean okay so um you know okay which leaves him him him him him him him him him limp unmotivated and tired afterwards. You know, we have The Stereotype well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean like um uh so of the man who finishes having sex this this this this this this this this this partner he ejaculates and then he rolls over and Falls to sleep. He can't continue having sex, you know, because he spent his energy.