What's up, guys? My name is Charles. I'm one of the interns here at College College College College College College College College College Christian so uh uh you know I mean well um um church for the college college college college college college college college college age. And today and today and today and today and today and and and and and and and and and today and today and today and today we are talking about emotions or loneliness uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um um so so so uh uh in our emotions podcast, and I'm joined by by by by by by by by by Taylor Powell Taylor. How you how you how you how you how you how you you you you you you you you you how you how you how you uh uh okay you know uh well so um um um um um um um um um doing? Girl? I'm doing so good. Good. We're so happy to have you here. You You You You You You You You You know so okay you know so so like um. Taylor is taylor is taylor taylor taylor taylor taylor taylor taylor taylor taylor is taylor is taylor is taylor is taylor is taylor is taylor is is is is is is is is is going to walk us through her journey with loneliness. Enos as our well um I mean I I I I I I I I I mean okay well okay like theme for today's podcast with Taylor, where do you you you you you you you you you think that journey of loneliness well like okay so like so you know well well well well well well well well well started with you? It started in high school. I could see it sprouting, but but but but but but but but but I had um like um you know well uh so so a good Community there, but but but but but but but but but it really started to take effect my first year in well like um okay I I I I I I I I I mean like so I mean college definitely hundred percent and what ways do you you you you you you you you you think like a kind of uh uh like um okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um came about in college? Well, I came to Missouri Southern I go to to to to to to to to to Missouri Southern so you know I mean I mean um um uh so but I I I I I I I I I came there knowing maybe two people mostly the one was my brother, but I didn't really know a lot of.