Skinwalker radio is brought to you by anchor if you've ever thought about starting your own own own own own own own own own I mean so you know I mean you know like um I mean podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, but you're not really sure how to get started. We'll anchor is the way um I I I I I I I I I mean like like um okay well uh to do it. That's actually what what what what what what what what what we use to host this podcast. So if um you know so I mean like well well well well well well well well well okay well you listen to Skinwalker radio that was made on anchor we just download our our our our our our our our our audio um you know like okay like well I mean well upload it it it it it it it it it into anchor and anchor does the rest you just hit go and uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh uh um uh like anchor publishes it to nine different places such such such such such such such such such as Spotify Apple iTunes Google Stitcher all I mean uh um uh um so well well well well well well well well well I mean those places of people download podcasts and it's easy and best of All All All All All All All All All so well I mean you know okay um uh you know it's free. So go go go go go go go go go to Anchor dot f m or download the mobile app on so you you you you you you you you you know you know like well like you know like your phone today. Thanks for for for for for for for for for tuning back into Skinwalker radio. We appreciate each and every uh um I mean well well well well well well well well well like well uh okay one of you guys listening to the show. We couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't we couldn't we couldn't we couldn't we couldn't we couldn't we couldn't we couldn't we couldn't do this this this this this this this this this without you. So you know well like okay okay okay like so be sure at at at at at at at at at the end of the show to leave a review join the well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so okay well uh so you know Facebook group follow us on social media. I'll have have have have have have have have have all the pertinent Links at the um so you know so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh like bottom. So today's so today's so today's so today's so today's so so so so so so so so so today's so today's so today's so today's episode is all about the coronavirus. But before I get to the details of the coronavirus, I have.