Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea how how how how how how how how how we um uh well uh so um you know like do it here here here here here here here here here at paddle and fin podcast. We use we use we use we use we use we we we we we we we we we use we use we use we use the anchor dot uh okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um uh okay like f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many many many many many many many many many different platforms. So you so you so you so you so you you you you you you you you you so you so you so you so you know um I mean okay uh I I I I I I I I I mean like. There's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation there's creation there's creation there's creation tools to allowed you to record record record record record record record record record and edit podcast right from your phone or I mean okay so um so so so so so so so so so so so okay a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app so like like okay uh uh so well to get started. This segment is brought brought brought brought brought brought brought brought brought to you by jig Master jigs when in doubt okay like you you you you you you you you you know uh like I mean uh like get the jig out go to jig masters.com Masterscom Masterscom Masterscom Masterscom Masterscom Masterscom Masterscom Masterscom. And use promo code. Pmf 20 pmf 20 pmf 20 pmf 20 pmf 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 pmf 20 pmf 20 pmf 20 pmf 20 and uh so you know I mean so so so so so so so so so you know um I mean save 20 percent off your next gig order today. Today today today today today today today today. Welcome to the pedal and film uh so uh okay uh so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh podcast bass fishing for new segment where we try to improve our skills of of of of of of of of of the angler by learning new techniques for improving the ones. We already know. I'm your host Ryan Miller.