I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN ESPN ESPN ESPN ESPN ESPN ESPN ESPN ESPN of TV talk um okay um so you know like um I mean now. It It It It It It It It It was the buzz. Hi everyone. Welcome to the Riverdale after show. What a a a a a a a a a what a what a what a what a what a what a what a what what what what what what what what what a like you know so uh so you know I mean like crazy episode that that that that that that that that that is what are some good stuff to talk about tonight. And so so so so so so so so so far so okay uh okay um uh um um first off we're gonna go go go go go go go go go with like just this whole jugged 30 drama like uh I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well mystery. There's so much going on. It's Tony's are up to to to to to to to to to their normal Shenanigans and then I mean well I mean like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know well I'm gonna tie up some of the other little little little little little little little little little things at the end and then okay uh like I mean uh um like like like like like like like like like like of course at the end. And we'll be doing our class clown class president. So So So So So So So So So if so if so if so if so if so if so if so if if if if if if if if if so if you know um uh uh uh okay uh like you guys have a class class class class class class class class class clown class present for this episode, please start sending like okay I mean okay um um um um um um um um um um okay I mean them in in the live chat. I am Katie. I am flying flying flying flying flying flying flying flying flying solo uh like um like so so you know like tonight everyone. So So So So So So So So So please so please so please so please so please so please so please so please so so so so so so so so so please join me in the chat if you have some thoughts so that that that that that that that that that uh you know like you know um okay I mean well I can also also also also also also also also also cut you as you guys as my co-host because I will okay so so so so so so so so so you know well uh well you know well be relying on you greatly tonight. Tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight. So first off what a way to start you know you know you know know know know know know know know know okay I mean you know you know so this episode in the sense that we didn't have Jughead narrating it and that really.