Welcome into the double dribble podcast as always. My name's Jordan Harper and join with with with with with with with with with uh so okay uh uh you know I mean so me as Matthew Landry who seemingly seemingly seemingly seemingly seemingly seemingly seemingly seemingly seemingly always comes in on after an Alabama you know uh like well well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean win and seems to duck out on me when Alabama loses so glad to to to to to to to to to have well I mean okay um well uh like uh you back here Matt. How How How How How How How How How are how are how are how are how are how are how are how are how how how how how how how how how are you doing? Yeah, it's good to uh you know okay I mean I I I I I I I I I mean so I mean uh be here good to get a win so I can can can can can can can can can actually record today. So it's uh like uh well uh you know you know um um um um um um um um um pretty good pretty good. Yeah, I'm glad to have you here too. It okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh so okay well um well gets lonely sometimes but especially after losses. But today today today today today today today today today we're glad to uh well you know so I mean like well okay be be be be be be be be be joined by Blake level who's the host of walked on a sec podcast. You can I I I I I I I I I mean okay uh like well um um so follow him on Twitter at Blake Blake Blake Blake Blake Blake Blake Blake Blake level and he he's someone that is Alabama fan like like uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like well by day Auburn fan by night and it's very popular within the the the the the the the the the SEC basketball community uh like like I mean I mean um like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean and does a great job of covering SEC basketball and I mean without further further further further further further further further further you know you know like um well well like I mean Ado. How are you you you you you you you you you doing boy? Well, it's funny you guys. Talking about getting the um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like well like um record after a win. What about me? I've got a record after a loss here. So I mean, you know, right I.