Welcome to level out with Cheryl and Danny way he to help you take take take take take take take take take your health like uh um you know um I mean like you know know know know know know know know know Fitness and wants it to the next level. It's time to level up. Hello and and and and and and and and and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello and hello and welcome I mean okay so uh you know okay well well to to to to to to to to to episode 14 of level up with Cheryl and Danny today's episode is called movement movement movement movement movement movement movement movement movement is okay uh um uh okay so like um medicine. I just rolls rolls rolls rolls rolls rolls rolls rolls rolls off the tongue doesn't it? Does it I think it's what we've uh so so so so so so so so so I mean well so you know you know well been saying for the last few few few few few few few few few weeks. I feel I feel I feel I feel I feel I feel I feel I feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel I feel like we've been saying I mean um um I mean uh well like like like like like like like like like I mean movement is medicine. It's cool to see everyone sharing the arm the post post post post post post post post post that we okay well um well well okay uh you know put on the the the the the the the the the Instagram page as well. Absolutely. It's about yes branding that positive I mean so so so so so so so so so you know well so I mean uh um message and helping everyone feel good. And And And And And And And And And we're here to really talk about something that I'm okay okay I mean okay I I I I I I I I I mean like like I mean super passionate about and I know you are too. SLI everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday your training working so um okay well I mean well well I mean hard and all all all all all all all all all of that. I work as an osteopath. So this is really well um like um um um um um um um um um um okay okay okay our bread and butter, isn't it? Well, it's your bread bread bread bread bread bread bread bread bread and butter, but I'm okay uh like um okay I mean okay you know here for for for for for for for for for the ride as well. Fantastic. You're always welcome to come to the light. Light light light light light light light light. So today so today so today so today so today so today so today today today today today today today today today so today so today we've set it up as a Q&A style. We really.