If you if you if you if you if you if you if you if if if if if if if if if you if you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make make make make make make make make make a podcast. Let um like well um I mean um I mean you know know know know know know know know know me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your your your your your your your your your so you know well like well like I mean um podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for you. So it well okay like like like like like like like like like okay like well I mean you know can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many many many many many many many many more you can make money from your so uh well uh okay well so okay podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need to make podcasts in one I I I I I I I I I mean well you know okay uh uh um okay place download the free ankle ankle ankle ankle ankle ankle ankle ankle ankle up or good Echo the FM to get started. So uh so uh so so so so so so so so so uh so uh so uh so uh so uh so uh so uh you know know know know know know know know know well well like uh I mean. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is wealth talk. I'm so excited about talking to okay I mean you know like uh I I I I I I I I I mean like I mean you about money, but not just money wealth wealth wealth wealth wealth wealth wealth wealth wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health so well so okay you know know know know know know know know know like so I mean because I believe that wealth is not just about how much much much much much much much much much money you have in um I mean you know uh well you know um like like like like like like like like like your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in your personal life your professional life life life life life life life life life like um like well well I mean okay you know spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.