Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm host Simon um um um um um um um um um I mean you know uh so uh um um Whistler. This is is is is is is is is is the audio version of our video show on YouTube. If well okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay uh well you want to go look it up there and see see see see see see see see see the video version of um um well um uh okay I mean I mean these you can do do do do do do do do do that. If you're enjoying this show. Please do head over well so uh so so so so so so so so so um uh like okay to Apple podcasts or ever you get your podcasts and leave us us us us us us us us us a review. It um well you know I mean like um you know well would would would would would would would would would be kind of you and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler so so so so so so so so so I mean um um um uh so okay you're watching top 10s. And in and and and and and and and and and in and in and in and in and in and in and in and in in in in in in in in in the video today, we're looking at the top okay you know I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so um 10 horrifying facts about the American Mafia. Number 10 more more more more more more more more more than the mafia in um well okay uh well um well I mean America organized organized organized organized organized organized organized organized organized crime has become almost synonymous with the mafia. Thanks to a combination okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um uh uh of Pop Culture a few standout celebrity criminals and and and and and and and and and ethnic stereotyping. Although these Sicilian derived okay I mean uh like so so okay uh Mafia Mafia Mafia Mafia Mafia Mafia Mafia Mafia Mafia May comprise the best known organized crime groups in the United States. They are I I I I I I I I I mean okay you know so uh um you know um far from the only game in in in in in in in in in town during the glory years of Mafia activity a hybrid Italian Jewish Coalition known as Murder Inc operated a lucrative contract.