Spoiler alert, spoiler alert, spoiler alert, spoiler alert, spoiler alert, spoiler alert, spoiler alert, spoiler spoiler spoiler spoiler spoiler spoiler spoiler spoiler spoiler alert, spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune tune tune tune tune tune tune tune tune out um well um so um you know okay you know if you want want want want want want want want want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I like um you you you you you you you you you know well okay so okay like reported that Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming filming filming filming filming filming filming filming filming something with a production crew Link well I mean I mean uh uh well well well well well well well well well you know so in the description and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation Nation Nation Nation Nation Nation Nation Nation Nation speculated that Maddie uh um okay uh uh like okay like was certainly going going going going going going going going going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that well that well that well that well that well well well well well well well well well that well that well that well that theory is officially dead because well um you you you you you you you you you know okay like uh I mean I mean Claire Crawley was announced as as as as as as as as as next season's leading woman. So let me get this straight. Uh well um like um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um. Maddie was maddie was maddie was maddie was maddie was maddie was was was was was was was was was maddie was maddie was maddie was filming something weeks after production wrapped, but but but but but but but but but she's not the Bachelorette so like I mean okay so well I mean well you you you you you you you you you know she has to be the winner of this season, right? Is there is is is is is is is is is there is there is there is there is there is there is there is is is is is is is is is there any other well like so okay so well so I mean reason Maddie would would would would would would would would would have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as of right so uh well you know know know know know know know know know uh like um so now I see no other explanation unless y'all have other other other other other other other other other theories. Let me know your you know like um I mean okay I I I I I I I I I mean well okay thoughts down in the comments below. That's all that's all that's all all all all all all all all all that's all that's all that's all that's all that's all that's all I've got for for for for for for for for for today on Bachelor News you know uh uh so well like you know so daily. Daily Daily Daily Daily Daily Daily Daily Daily. But if you're new to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep dive so so so so so so so so so so well you know like like like um on her earlier today. So check so so so so so so so so so check so check so check so check so check so check so check so check check check check check check check check check that out on this channel and make sure okay so um like okay um um um um um um um um um like so you check out our Bachelor after show live tonight at 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been I've been I've been I've been I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.