Hey, what hey, what hey, what hey, what hey, what hey, what hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, what hey, what hey, what is up CI squads? We're back. We're back with another another another another another another another another another episode, 's I'm pretty you know I mean uh you know you you you you you you you you you know um you know okay energized right now. Just got just got just got just got got got got got got got got got just got just got just got just got just got off the back of of of of of of of of of doing some live training to uh you know okay like you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean Bluestone College. I did four locations in one hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit which is the power of I mean well okay um uh well um you know know know know know know know know know the internet and amazing technological breakthrough where you can be in four places at one one one one one one one one one okay I mean okay I mean uh um like okay time. So very very very very very very very very very very exciting stuff and that's kind of inspired. Is this little I mean so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um well so podcast that I'm putting together for you today? But before before before before before before before before before we get into so okay you know so okay like like so that, I want to to to to to to to to to give a shout out so over the last couple of uh okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so well you know well weeks. I've been running a little bit of a a a a a a a a a giveaway. So for anyone that leaves a so uh like you know well uh well well well well well well well well well okay review on iTunes and sends me over a screenshot. I will enter enter enter enter enter enter enter enter enter well okay okay uh like um well I mean them into a draw to to to to to to to to to win a little little gift from me. Well well um you know you know like like like like like like like like like so well. So I just been scanning the reviews we've had some new reviews come through and I'm going to pick how.