Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want I I I I I I I I I want I want I want I want I want I want I want I I I I I I I I I want like okay well like um like I mean um to thank you for your your your your your your your your your support and listening to each episode and I hope you I mean um you you you you you you you you you know like I mean so like you know enjoy this one. If you you you you you you you you you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcast. Okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay well okay well okay well okay well okay well okay well well well well well well well well well okay well well well uh um um okay. It's totally it's totally it's totally totally totally totally totally totally totally totally totally it's totally it's totally it's totally it's totally it's totally it's totally free that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast so um like um um um um um um um um um uh I mean I mean I mean right from your phone or computer anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So I mean so okay so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean uh you can be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and many more you can so I mean well you know so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know also make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to make make make make make make make make make a successful uh um well well so like I mean uh podcast download the free. Free free free free free free free free. God will go to Anchor FM to get started. Hey, what's well you you you you you you you you you know I mean uh so so uh well up guys today? We have what is is is is is is is is is perhaps the oldest question in the book one that I mean um well like um well well well well well well well well well okay okay mankind has been asking itself since the beginning of recorded history and and and and and and and and and one that you know uh okay okay well I mean okay I mean I think think think think think think think think think every single human being comes face-to-face with individually at some time in their life, and that is why do bad things happen. To good people.