I might still be using Photoshop to this day. If it wasn't for the the the the the the the the the fact uh um you know you know okay um so like that someone created created created created created created created created created pics insight and I happen to work hard to learn it and you know I I I I I I I I I mean I mean um you know you know uh um actually really fell in love with with with with with with with with with it. A lot of them are just really fantastic. If well okay I I I I I I I I I mean so well you know uh you know you think about how far far far far far far far far far things have come for us to be doing this like um so uh like so like like like like like like like like like like in our backyards basically and taking images that were once in the realm of of of of of of of of of you know you know okay so well well I mean I mean of professional observatories observatories observatories observatories observatories observatories observatories observatories observatories is just mind-boggling I think. Please welcome everybody Sean Nielsen to our uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so well like um you know okay podcast. He is an astro photographer photographer photographer photographer photographer photographer photographer photographer photographer from Ontario Canada and he runs a website I mean okay okay well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean like visible dark dot CA and he also has a a a a a a a a a YouTube channel visible dark astro. Um okay you know um well well um uh. He He He He He He He He He is he is he is he is he is he is he is he is is is is is is is is is he is a big user of picks in sight. So let's get started. Hello everyone I I I I I I I I I mean um I mean well so okay I mean uh and welcome to space space space space space space space space space junk a weekly podcast dedicated to the amazing hobby of amateur you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so you know um uh astronomy each week. We'll bring you interesting and fun discussions with an eye towards providing. You with the latest information and advice.