What's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, what's up, what's up, and welcome to difficulty class of podcast about all things things things things things things things things things Dungeons and well well well like I mean well uh like Dragons. I'm one of of of of of of of of of your hosts riverbed us with me. This week is a I mean um you you you you you you you you you know so I mean well so so lie - man. That's right. And this this this this this this this this this week we are going to be talking about okay like so I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so um creating character hooks as well as connecting campaigns and then we're not answering answering answering answering answering answering answering answering answering lesser I mean uh I mean I mean you know I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay questions again because we don't have any because we've been selected for any of uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like well so uh uh I mean them. So send those into difficulty plus plus plus plus plus plus plus plus plus gmail.com. We'll do we'll do we'll do we'll do we'll do we'll do we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll do we'll do we'll do it next time but before like well uh like like like like like like like like like uh I mean you know um all that Ali are you games this week? So So So So So So So So So since the first time well um okay you know so you know um well since since since since since since since since since we started playing doing this podcast, I didn't play D&D this week. I've been been been been been been been been been there. Uh like you know you know um you know okay like. Yeah. Yeah, you you you you you you you you you haven't been there. Yes. I didn't get to play. I I mean so um well well well well well well well well well so like uh so played a lot of blood-borne and Minecraft but aside from that. That that that that that that that that. No, not much you know you know well so well well well so d&d. D&D D&D D&D D&D D&D D&D D&D D&D. I mean poured Mine Craft. I mean, you know, it's good. I got a farm. No,.