What's up guys? And welcome and welcome and welcome and welcome and welcome and welcome and and and and and and and and and welcome and welcome and welcome to another episode of Long Island volleyball podcasts. We got a um um um um um um um um um okay like like you know okay okay you know fun episode for you. You you you you you you you you. Today. We're gonna we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna be talking about the Desi strong game so so so so so so so so so so okay you know you know so well like of new polls versus st. St st st st st st st st. Joe's there's a five-set thriller, but new poll has ended um you know well well well well well well well well well like well you know well uh up getting the W girls going to be talking about about about about about about about about about who we think like um um you know um like uh so is gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna win the D3 Championship. There's four teams that we think that could win I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like well so uh so you know like it. So stay tuned to find find find find find find find find find out who would might be and uh um you know like well okay well well well well well well well well well so then we're going to end off talking about beach volleyball. We're both really really really really really really really really really excited uh well uh you know um um I mean so about the season season season season season season season season season coming up and we just wanted to talk about that a so you you you you you you you you you know so like well uh uh um little bit. Bit, so I hope you you you you you you you you you guys enjoy. All right. So let's get into it like um you know you know so so so so so so so so so uh um I mean Saint Rose had a long week this week the Reversed Reversed Reversed Reversed Reversed Reversed Reversed Reversed Reversed North Central College and new well you know uh I mean well uh like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean polls on Saturday. And then Sunday, they played Stevens and st. Francis. And now now now now now now now now now like um I mean well I mean uh um I mean today they're playing playing playing playing playing playing playing playing playing Yeshiva. Yeah first conference game. It'll be it'll be it'll be it'll be it'll be be be be be be be be be it'll be it'll be it'll be it'll be an easy one for him though. They're probably just going to.