So here's so here's so here's so here's so here's so here's so here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's so here's so here's the scenario you're in a relationship with a a a a a a a a a partner, and that partner has you know um so well so so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know another partner that person by the way, for those of you don't know know know know know know know know know has a special like well you know okay I mean you know like well term. Term term term term term term term term. It's called metamour. That is the special word for your partner's partner. So your your your your your your your your your okay I mean uh you know so okay okay um partner's dating someone or in a relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship with someone you're in a relationship with you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh um you know okay your partner. And so you have a metamour and and and and and and and and and you want to know this person. I mean I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean okay you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um like uh like. Maybe you want to To be friends with them. Maybe you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're really into kitchen table you know uh so like I mean okay you know know know know know know know know know um poly, which is the idea that you can be on such good terms terms terms terms terms terms terms terms terms with your metamour so so like I mean so uh like well that that that that that that that that that the two of you could sit down in someone's kitchen either yours or or or or or or or or or so well like uh you know like like well theirs and have a cup of coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee and hang out. Maybe you want to well uh uh uh I mean like uh I I I I I I I I I mean be besties and you know gang up on your partner from time to to to to to to to to to time uh so uh I mean uh uh well like or have threesomes or or or or or or or or or whatever or maybe you just have gotten the idea that being friends with or at least on.