Hello, how's hello, how's hello, how's hello, how's hello, how's hello, how's hello, how's hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, how's hello, how's it going? It is Friday, March 6th already 2020 time flies when you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're okay I mean you know um uh um so well having fun. Isn't that right? right right right right right right right right Having a blast here today shows a good one. Nice you know I mean well well well well well well well well well well I mean uh like you know Feel Good Friday to send you in in in in in in in in in the weekend and beautiful fashion. We have we have we have we have we have have have have have have have have have we have we have we have we have I mean well like okay so so so so so so so so so so uh like conversation with Kyle Rudolph who breaks down. V play from the New New New New New New New New New Orleans Saints I mean um you know um um I mean okay well playoff game that that that that that that that that that you would want to hear the answer from has a very good um you you you you you you you you you know so so so okay so okay answer. Also Aaron Jones in the Green Bay Bay Bay Bay Bay Bay Bay Bay Bay Packers and all the other conversation that you okay so you know like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know you know uh could potentially want to hear about life. We can't thank you you you you you you you you you enough for choosing okay you know um uh uh um I mean like to to to to to to to to to listen to this show. I mean you could do a lot of other things okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well okay you know like I mean well with your earholes right now. Now now now now now now now now. A lot alot alot alot alot alot alot alot alot of the things people say say say say say say say say say you so uh well uh like I mean well like shouldn't use Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips and more I use them. I use Q-tips all the time. So like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you know um okay so. I love I love I love love love love love love love love love I love I love I love I love I love I love me too. I I I I I I I I I love I love I love I love I love I love I love I I I I I I I I I love I love Q-tips to there's a war on Q-tips, by the so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean I mean like I mean way, though because they you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, the Hand against Q-tips is that you push it like I mean I I I I I I I I I mean um um uh okay I mean in there and you burst your jump already got a burst ha ha joke's on you.