If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. You You You You You You You You You know so okay well you know like so you know. Let me let me me me me me me me me me let me let me let me let me let me let me let let let let let let let let let me explain it's free. There's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a a a a a a a a a there's a there's a there's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit um um um um um um um um um I mean okay I mean I mean well so like your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for well I mean well so um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you. So it so it so it so it so it so it so it it it it it it it it it so it so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more more more more more more more more more like so so uh I mean well so well you can make money from your your your your your your your your your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything well like okay um okay so so so so so so so so so so okay you need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up up up up up up up up up or good like well I mean so like um uh okay Echo the the the the the the the the the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk. I'm I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh so you know um you know okay so excited about talking to to to to to to to to to you about money, but not just money I mean um um you know like you know know know know know know know know know well I mean wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I I I I I I I I I believe that wealth you know well so okay so uh uh well is not not not not not not not not not just about how much money you have in your bank account. It's about you know know know know know know know know know you know so I mean um you know so so establishing Harmony in your personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.