Three two one and stop up and step podcast. What's up friends puff stuff um um um um um um um um um um so I mean well so uh okay podcast back on your listening device. Device device device device device device device device. We appreciate we appreciate we appreciate we appreciate we appreciate we appreciate we we we we we we we we we appreciate we appreciate we appreciate you being here. We're doing this really cool uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay I mean okay um so you know thing right now with with with with with with with with with CBD American Shaman of PA. They want they want they want they want they want they they they they they they they they they want they want they want they want to give away like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like I mean like you know their products to a handful of of of of of of of of of our listeners. And see what you like don't like I mean I mean you you you you you you you you you know okay well well so uh questions things like that. Basically, you're just just just just just just just just just going to get like a couple weeks uh um I mean okay okay you you you you you you you you you know so like supply of some CBD products from CBD American Shaman EPA, and then then then then then then then then then you're going to so well like um uh you know well uh do some testimonials from from from from from from from from from us. This is what you got to do go to the like um um um um um um um um um so like like uh okay okay puff and Steph Facebook page, and it's pinned to to to to to to to to to the top of the page and I mean so so so I mean uh like like like like like like like like like well just tell us why you want to try it out. Maybe you've tried CBD okay like like like like like like like like like you know well okay well so like products before and you stop for whatever reason maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe try to different companies products. You know uh I mean you know you know like like like like like like like like like I mean um. You want to see how this Compares maybe you're just curious. Maybe earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier maybe well like like uh uh uh okay uh there's something specific that you're hoping hoping hoping hoping hoping hoping hoping hoping hoping that it helps with. No reason is better than I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know I mean uh uh any other to be honest. We want a wide variety of people. So make sure you.