Welcome back to modern day disciples AKA MDD the podcast were here real real real real real real real real real like well like you know like okay so so stories from modern-day disciples. My My My My My My My My My name is Cameron Bure Naga. I'm the youth minister you know well like well well well well well well well well well uh I mean uh like at st. Francis of Assisi Parish in San San San San San San San San San Jose, California in my name is Ana okay so so uh uh like okay well well well well well well well well well Fuentes. I'm the I'm the I'm the I'm the I'm the I'm the I'm the the the the the the the the the I'm the I'm the youth Minister as the Anthony perosh in San Jose, california. California California California California California California California California. Dude. Well like okay so like I mean you know I mean. Happy lead. Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Lance. I'll be home late you guys we have a super so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um well okay okay so special episode for you today. It's very special. We We We We We We We We We we haven't posted in like maybe I mean uh I mean uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like a week. Yeah. I'm due to some stuff that we'll talk about. Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh for sure well like uh okay you know I mean uh like for for for for for for for for for sure. Butts were in our Lenten season now, so we actually have okay um you you you you you you you you you know you know like uh um uh a special Lenten edition of the MDD podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast this week guys, we do so we like well uh I mean well okay you know know know know know know know know know okay unfortunately don't have a guest this week, but we're going to talk all all all all all all all all all things you know uh I mean like uh well I mean uh lent. We're going going going going going going going going going to do some things that are a little different from what you know know know know know know know know know you know well you know so uh uh like we usually do on a a a a a a a a a podcast and it switch it up a so well like okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so little bit Don't Know remix of the episode of you're really fine and okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know like you know you know um okay we hope that you guys stick with us for this special luncheon episode remember, that's a remix. Let's get.