What's going on guys before we get started on today's episode. I want to talk I I I I I I I I I mean uh so you know um you know okay well to you guys about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor is the app that I use to record my okay you know uh so so so so so so so so so well like you know okay episodes. It's the easiest way to make podcast. It's a a a a a a a a a hundred percent free and uh okay so you know I mean you know know know know know know know know know I mean um it allows you to use tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit your you know uh uh you know so okay I mean uh podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast straight from your phone or computer that allows you to record with friends as as as as as as as as as well like so um like um uh um well after it's been uploaded uploaded uploaded uploaded uploaded uploaded uploaded uploaded uploaded to Anchor and go will then distribute your podcast for you I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean okay so so like um like so I can be heard on on on on on on on on on Spotify app a podcast and many more you can also definitely like uh okay well um um um um um um um um um well I mean okay make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you you you you you you you you you need to make um um like you know uh okay um uh a a a a a a a a a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so I mean uh you know um okay dot fm to get started. Started started started started started started started started. Before I start this podcast, I just want to you know um so I I I I I I I I I mean I mean um well uh let you guys know if you are listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening to this podcast through headphones. I'm like like like so I mean um I I I I I I I I I mean okay warning you right now. It's only going through the left here. I I I I I I I I I want to believe uh well well well I mean um like okay because that's just the the the the the the the the the way my my whole setup. It works I guess but I'm going to try to figure out a way how to fix that. But I.