Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the the the the the the the the the well okay okay like okay you know okay you know app I'm using it is definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely the easiest one to use it's free and there's like so like you know know know know know know know know know okay um I mean like creation tools straight in the app that allow you to edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast from uh well well I mean like you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay your phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to you know know know know know know know know know so I mean I mean so well so so Spotify apple and many more without without without without without without without without without having to do anything which is great and you okay um okay uh you know know know know know know know know know okay um okay can make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is is is is is is is is is also great like um okay you know um uh you know uh man. You gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta grind you got to get to where you're going. So it's well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well like so okay uh everything you need to do all one place place place place place place place place place and to download the app go I mean like you know like okay uh so so so so so so so so so well to anchor on the App Store anchored on FM online to get Started let's like like like like like like like like like uh you know uh you know you know like okay get in the the the the the the the the the madness. What's going on? Everyone? Rob everything and YG. You're welcome to well you you you you you you you you you know uh so so you know like I mean episode 2 of everything and YG's YG's YG's YG's YG's YG's YG's YG's YG's Madness. I'm excited to get into it. The okay um um so so I I I I I I I I I mean well uh first episode alone did amazing. I'm so I'm so I'm so so so so so so so so so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so thankful for you guys tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning in and like uh you know okay you know I mean uh so checking it it it it it it it it it out and reviewing it and everything of that nature. I really I really I really I I I I I I I I I really I really I really I really I really I really really do appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate it. And I and I and I and I and I and I and I and I and I genuinely hope you enjoyed it. But the.