Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to the valley. Yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's up with your boy Anthony? It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's going on and so you know you know uh well um uh um show Paul Paul Paul Paul Paul Paul Paul Paul Paul took one sec. Hey, it's Josh. It's boy Ralph. It's up. Its okay well like like like like like like like like like um so so um um Eli and Welcome to our podcast. So this is the the the the the the the the the first episode. We're trying you know like so like well um so um to get it it it it it it it it it started the podcast came about with just an idea one night and decided that you you you you you you you you you know like well okay I mean well like so fuck it. We'll give it a a a a a a a a a shot and now here we are. So yeah, it's uh well okay like well like like like like like like like like like so you know just the boys doing what we normally do every weekend, but we we we we we we we we we figured why not so so you know well um so um um let our our our our our our our our our viewers and people outside of our group you're our thoughts and certain Interest Interest Interest Interest Interest Interest Interest Interest Interest on um okay um uh okay um I mean uh topics throughout this community huge huge huge huge huge huge huge huge huge shout out to all the Facebook people already 190. Okay I okay I okay I I I I I I I I I okay I okay I okay I okay I okay I okay I mean uh you know know know know know know know know know well uh well okay. I'm already over night. Yes. We're basically famous. Right? Well, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm pretty close we're like well you know well you know you know so so so so so so so so so um late. But there's there's Matthew McConaughey and then there's a on Facebook and Instagram like we were I was actually quite shocked. I.