What's up, guys? This episode of the podcast is brought to you by anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor if uh um like I mean you know okay like like you don't know about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor it's the platform that we use to make all of so so well um you know know know know know know know know know I mean okay um our podcasts and it is the easiest way to make a a a a a a a a a podcast. Let me just okay you know so um well uh uh uh break break break break break break break break break it down for you guys real quick. It is it is it is is is is is is is is is it is it is it is it is it is it is 100% free. There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's okay uh so well so um so uh nothing you have to to to to to to to to to pay for it comes with all kinds of creation tools um um okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay well like so that you can record and edit your your your your your your your your your podcast right from your phone or your computer like you know well well um uh you know know know know know know know know know like wherever it'll automatically distribute your podcast for you so that it can be heard on on on on on on on on on like like um so well I mean like um Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast, wherever you you you you you you you you you want to put it you can make money from uh you know I I I I I I I I I mean I mean okay you know like you know your podcast right out the gate. No No No No No No No No No minimum listenership. You can start monetizing I mean um like so uh okay like you you you you you you you you you know right away, which is super awesome. It's literally everything that you need to to to to to to to to to well so um um uh um um okay make a podcast all in one place. Place place place place place place place place. So download the free anchor app or go like I mean um I mean so so so so so so so so so so okay um to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Enjoy the episode guys shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit out uh like you know I mean okay so well so in a box and I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll look this way too simple. That's fucking boring. Okay like um well well you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know. I'm not doing it. Okay. I just reason with myself like within within within within within within within within within a week of doing uh I mean um like uh like like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay that and then fucking a hundred thieves comes out with some shit like like like like like like like like like um so you know I mean uh you know well like that. It's bullshit. Bullshit bullshit bullshit bullshit bullshit bullshit bullshit bullshit. It's what's under bro. Come on son. The bomber jacket is sick though. I alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright I alright I alright I alright I alright I alright I alright I alright I alright I will say it looks pretty tight. I'm.