Join me to understand my mind the mind of a teenager obsessed with the global you you you you you you you you you know um um you know I mean well okay well celebrity Tom Holland a Spider-Man Spider-Man Spider-Man Spider-Man Spider-Man Spider-Man Spider-Man Spider-Man Spider-Man star has recently appeared in multiple. Marvel features marble uh okay okay um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so is an American film and television Studio. They are best known for producing producing producing producing producing producing producing producing producing the Marvel um like so you know um I mean like uh Cinematic Universe Universe Universe Universe Universe Universe Universe Universe Universe movies based on characters that appear in Marvel Comics welcoming you back to celebrity crushes crushes crushes crushes crushes crushes crushes crushes crushes uh um you know like well um so uh Tom Holland Edition. I'm Kayla I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Kayla I'm Kayla I'm Kayla I'm Kayla I'm Kayla I'm Kayla I'm Kayla I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Kayla Hurley and I'm thrilled to be talking about today's topic. Back you know know know know know know know know know well uh I mean like I mean I mean well in July 2017 my mother Amy Amy Amy Amy Amy Amy Amy Amy Amy and I took a trip to the movie you know I mean I mean I I I I I I I I I mean okay like like uh theater to watch the recent remake of Spider-Man. I was was was was was was was was was currently unaware of The you know um okay well I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well well Gorgeous actor who portrayed Spider-Man himself, so I wasn't expecting my life life life life life life life life life to you know you know you know okay okay so uh um be altered altered altered altered altered altered altered altered altered that day since then. I've had I've had I've had I've had I've had had had had had had had had had I've had I've had I've had I've had a huge crush on Tom. That's almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost you know you know okay so uh well so I mean three years of of of of of of of of of my life fantasizing about a man 10 years older than me back in you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh so okay I mean uh October of 2019. I met I met I met met met met met met met met met I met I met I met I met I met I met Tom well for 20 seconds that is but overall. It just made my career even.