If I can start a dude shit, seriously, like it really took me by so so so so so so so so so uh okay so well like you know uh surprise when I found out that that that that that that that that that they did not have Legend anymore. Yeah, like so um you know so so well well well well well well well well well like uh I always thought that was like a staple at the drive-through like uh um um um um um um um um um I mean uh so so okay like oh, I wonder exactly me. Amantha. We pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull we pull we pull we pull we pull we pull we pull we pull we we we we we we we we we pull up beside you. I'm fucking I'm fucking I'm fucking I'm fucking I'm fucking I'm fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking I'm fucking I'm fucking I'm fucking ready for it. Okay like well okay um so like like like like like like like like like um. Dude. I'm in Mac side of wedge. Yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we pull up I order order order order order order order order order I well you know so um um I mean okay well was like, oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, would you fuck me up with two of those famous bowls okay okay you you you you you you you you you know um like so you know you know amount of times. You've guys said said said said said said said said said wedges I said wedges. Is along with that shit and um you know um uh uh you you you you you you you you you know you know I mean guess what? I didn't get wedgies because what was it it it it it it it it it Ben it was french like well uh okay I mean so okay uh fries. They are are are are are are are are are serving friend you Iris deceitful your mama reason people and I I mean so so so so so so so so so well uh you know you know uh so don't appreciate what you're doing to me. Me me me me me me me me. It's actually upsetting. It's very fitting we feel you been like how do you go from selling triangular potatoes to shelling rectangular?.