Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually want you you you you you you you you you like um like uh I mean uh okay well to tweet me your feedback feedback feedback feedback feedback feedback feedback feedback feedback on how you like weekly V and podcast form. So so so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know like please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and and and and and and and and and just put hashtag garyvee podcast with you know um well I mean okay I I I I I I I I I mean well uh the W in there as well so I can see your your your your your your your your your feedback on weekly like uh okay okay you know so uh um b7. B7 B7 B7 B7 B7 B7 B7 B7. Please hit me up with some feedback on Twitter on how you like listening I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know so so okay um okay you know to the Vlog and if if if if if if if if if you're not watching the Vlog, it's youtube.com slash garyvee with well um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like okay you know double. He's then please enjoy is the garyvee audio audio audio audio audio audio audio audio audio experience. What up Podcast today's episode is from I mean so well I mean like like like like like like like like like so um uh a recent phone call that Gary had with Pearson. He speaks about about about about about about about about about ageism and how okay you know like okay okay uh like okay he believes believes believes believes believes believes believes believes believes that Talent comes in all ages shapes and sizes. So make so like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um well okay sure to hit them up and let us know what what what what what what what what what you thought with a review and okay um uh um so well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I hope you enjoy A story I'm working on is about his son in in in in in in in in in I mean so I mean like you know so I mean like the the the the the the the the the industry and sort of how even see the wrong about attracting it and making it better. And so I find your LinkedIn post looking for.