Brooklyn now, I'm down in Tribeca right next to the narrow, but I'll be be be be be be be be be hood like okay well so you know like I mean uh forever. I'm living sinatra. Sinatra Sinatra Sinatra Sinatra Sinatra Sinatra Sinatra Sinatra. And since and since and since and since and since and since and since and and and and and and and and and since and since I made it here I can make it anywhere get okay I I I I I I I I I mean okay well so so I mean like a love me everywhere. I used to cop cop cop cop cop cop cop cop cop it on them everyone. Welcome back uh well uh well I mean so so so so so so so so so you know okay to the oneworld agencies podcast Tyler and Sheriff here ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready to talk about some well like well I mean okay like I mean you know pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty cool stuff today. I'm very excited about you Sheriff. I am freaking pumped. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I well okay like like like so you know so would almost consider this like kind of of of of of of of of of the one of the the first like I mean like well I mean like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know not real episode, but kind of now diving Until like actual key key key key key key key key key Concepts and uh like like uh um uh um okay other things going to to to to to to to to to talk about besides just you know overarching principle. So I mean uh you know know know know know know know know know uh so well okay um um we'll talk about today and that this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode is all about the difference between a uh like uh uh well like like like like like like like like like like okay goal and then idea and I'll dive real quick into what do we mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know well um you know I mean um uh so by that? We obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously there's a difference between gold and idea like, you know, Tyler well uh I I I I I I I I I mean like so uh so you know what are you talking about? So I'll break break break break break break break break break it down real quick and basically what so so so you know so um you know know know know know know know know know well me and sheriff came up with one more thing about what we came up up up up up up up up up with okay you know okay okay okay uh I mean I mean what we what what what what what what what what what we have found to be true and we've been taught is basically the difference in the go and idea is a goal.