What's up, dawg fam? Happy Monday and welcome to episode number 30 of the the the the the the the the the well I mean like well uh you know okay um doubt Health podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. My name is Derrick teal. I'm the I'm the I'm the I'm the I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm the I'm the I'm the I'm the I'm the owner and operator of dialed dialed dialed dialed dialed dialed dialed dialed dialed okay well you know I mean well so well um Health, which is strength training training training training training training training training training for cyclists. Now today. Our topic is all about why uh well you know um um um um um um um um um well okay well you know circuit workouts are optimal for cyclists. This topic was sent in in in in in in in in in by an underscore so I mean okay okay like I mean well well well well well well well well well well Austin in do thank you so much for this idea because he noticed that that that that that that that that that most well so uh you know um like uh um of my Programs and and and and and and and and and pretty much all the workouts. I put out our mixed in um well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay uh um so some form of a circuit. So you want want want want want want want want want to know why that is. Is it is it is it is it is is is is is is is is is it is it is it is it is it I mean uh well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well you know you know so something that really is better for cyclists. Is it it it it it it it it it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it it it it it it it it it is it just my style? What is so I mean well so you know you you you you you you you you you know um um that? So we're going to break down the science and and and and and and and and and we're also going to break okay like like like well I mean um like down down down down down down down down down some reality because you know, all the science in the world. Sometimes can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't sometimes can't sometimes can't sometimes can't sometimes can't sometimes can't sometimes can't sometimes can't sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes can't get so well uh so you know I mean um so around real life life life life life life life life life factors. I think so, we'll talk about both and then really um okay well like like like like like like like like like okay you know okay okay why I choose to do them and why I I I I I I I I I do believe that it is optimal you know uh I mean okay like so um um um um um um um um um um for cyclists. As always we're going to start with a life update lots of cool stuff happening this last weekend.