Really quickly, really quickly, really quickly, really quickly, really quickly, really quickly, really quickly, quickly, quickly, quickly, quickly, quickly, quickly, quickly, quickly, really quickly, really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you you you you you you you you you can listen to like I mean well well um okay uh um all of our our our our our our our our our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a so you know know know know know know know know know uh you know like well well well premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of of of of of of of of of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus you can like so um like so so so so so so so so so um like I mean follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium premium premium premium premium premium premium premium premium users can download I mean uh I mean well well I mean so so so so so so so so so um episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening to uh okay I mean well um um um you know with your friends on on on on on on on on on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already well okay like you know you know so you you you you you you you you you know so Ready, be sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on on on on on on on on on well okay you know um you know I mean so uh Spotify or browse podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um I mean like I mean like uh. So you so you so you you you you you you you you you so you so you so you so you so you so you never miss miss miss miss miss miss miss miss miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. This is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is Optimal Health daily uh I mean well well well well well well well well well uh like I mean like um episode 949 mechanical advantage drop sets the smart way way way way way way way way way to build muscle fast by john. I mean you know well I mean uh um um um um um um um um um you know okay. Romanello of Roman Fitness systems.com. And I'm dr. Neal Malik reading you some of the most popular health and fitness.