Hello and welcome to another episode of the Future Socks podcast. My name is is is is is is is is is um you know well I mean um I mean like uh Mike rankin. Rankin Rankin Rankin Rankin Rankin Rankin Rankin Rankin. I will be your host this time around and boy. Do uh so so so so so so so so so you know I mean well uh I mean uh we have a special guest for for for for for for for for for you crystallinity from socks in the basement podcast. You uh like okay like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like can follow them on Twitter at Chris Ludacris. What's going on? I I I I I I I I I appreciate you jumping in like uh I mean like um um I mean like with us us us us us us us us us to talk some White Sox baseball on the future Sox podcast. This is well well well well well well well well well okay okay uh uh like um so going to be weird for me because I I I I I I I I I don't normally do interviews. I normally um okay like well uh uh I mean I I I I I I I I I mean interview other people. So I'm going to completely screw this up Mike. Appreciate you you you you you you you you you appreciate you appreciate you appreciate you appreciate you appreciate you appreciate you appreciate you you you you you you you you you appreciate you having you know so I mean you know like um like like like like like like like like like well me on the show. And yeah, we're excited over at Saks in in in in in in in in in the basement so you know okay uh so you know okay you know know know know know know know know know right now where we've been doing this now for almost two years and it um um um um um um um um um so okay um like okay uh um really is like a Grassroots thing that that that that that that that that that I didn't expect to get as um okay like I mean I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh big as it's turned into and now we're you know, we got this this this this this this this this this live uh you know well I mean um I mean like um event of of of of of of of of of cork and Kerry the park on the 28th, and we're going to be uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so um okay okay um trying out a live broadcast from there through the Pod be be be be be be be be be nap and we're going uh like um I mean uh so okay um to to to to to to to to to be going to two shows a week instead of one and it it it it it it it it it just I mean I mean I mean like so I mean uh you know it's just it's a fun ride and it's great that we're growing just as the team.