Principal Callahan, I've got principal Velazquez online for put her through Cal. How are well I I I I I I I I I mean like um okay um uh you know you? Not so bad value self self self self self self self self self never better, but you can make me even okay okay I mean uh so so so so so so so so so so okay well happier. Well, I told you we can't keep doing that. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's a conflict of interest. Oh so well you know so so so you know know know know know know know know know like get your mind out of the gutter Callahan. I have interns who do that well well well well well well well well well I mean like you know I mean uh you know like now. Anyway, I I I I I I I I I anyway, I anyway, I anyway, I anyway, I anyway, I anyway, I anyway, I I I I I I I I I anyway, I saw reports this morning that chili Doug Davis is looking into well you you you you you you you you you know you know um uh uh well okay the foreign exchange program that she is is is is is is is is is that she is but it's gonna take a pretty well you know you know know know know know know know know know um okay like I mean uh hefty. Package for me to send her to to to to to to to to to Barcelona if that's what you're after. You you know uh I mean so like I I I I I I I I I mean you know you know know why they call her chili dog. Don't Don't Don't Don't Don't Don't Don't Don't Don't you tell me cow ate 50 of uh I mean um uh well so uh um them them them them them them them them them in one Lunch Period or freshman year right down the gullet and like you know know know know know know know know know uh so I mean um you know like not 20 minutes later scored a 96 96 96 96 96 96 96 96 96 on our biology midterm. Just shy of an like like uh well well like like like like like like like like like like um A+. Look point is the kids a stud a Phenom. I'm not I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not about to give so like like I mean uh um okay I mean her her her her her her her her her up for a pack of pens in a book Let's Not Be hasty. I I I I I I I I I mean so so okay okay I mean so uh. We think chili dog will be a a a a a a a a a great fit in the halls of our okay like okay okay like like well so school school school school school school school school school and coming to Barcelona will be an enriching experience for both her and us now you want to hear my offer what tell me about.