Hey everybody. This is how you are. I just want to talk to you a you you you you you you you you you know I mean um um you know I mean so okay little bit today today today today today today today today today about some happen to me the other day and they've asked so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean um I mean I mean okay so me if I tell you about about about about about about about about about it just because it kind of changed my life. Well like like I mean um um um um um um um um um uh okay I mean. I think it'll change your life. It changed his life changed my my my my my my my my my aunts life changed you know well I mean uh you know okay like um um um um um um um um um everybody's life. So I was down at My Cousin Skeeter shop. But today I I I I I I I I I so I mean like so I mean like you know like walked in there and I I I I I I I I I was trying to steal couple parts because my Ford okay like um uh okay I I I I I I I I I mean um um ain't working right and Skeeter walk in he didn't know I was was was was was was was was was doing uh so um um so you know I mean well two skaters kind of of of of of of of of of stupid and he was like, hey bud. I got you know um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so well like well something I need to tell you want to take take take take take take take take take a seat right there. Tie a seat like uh uh um uh uh like um um um um um um um um um right there. He said he said he said he said he said he said said said said said said said said said he said he said he said I want to tell you about something that that that that that that that that that I found out um well well well okay um okay like they if you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard about it. I think it's wrapped right time. You you know um I mean well well well well well well well well well uh well I mean uh did. He says it's called anchor and it's the the the the the the the the the easiest way imaginable to make podcast and I was like, well, that's like Skeeter. All right. Well, I'm you got my you have my.