Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I when I when I when I when when when when when when when when when I when I when I when I when I say that we need more voices voices voices voices voices voices voices voices voices in the so so um you know uh well uh I mean church talking about about about about about about about about about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast to the Traditions like uh well okay um um um um um um um um um I mean well like passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding before before before before before before before before before our eyes. You know uh well so so you know I mean uh. There There There There There There There There There are a lot of ways to get involved and an easy one is to to to to to to to to to uh so okay okay like uh uh uh start a podcast anchor dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot f m is a great podcast hosting platform. If so you know well um um um um um um um um um I mean okay you know well you haven't heard about anchor it's the the the the the the the the the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me like I mean you know um well well well well well well well well well well um well explain it's free. There's Russian tools that allow you to to to to to to to to to record and edit your podcast I mean uh I mean you know I mean like like like like like like like like like well you know right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So it so it so it so it so it so it it it it it it it it it so it so it so it can like okay uh like um well you know um um um um um um um um um be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can actually make some like well well well well well well well well well um well well um I mean uh money from your podcast with no no no no no no no no no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a I mean like okay so so so so so so so so so I mean uh so I mean podcast in one convenient location. So if so if if if if if if if if if so if so if so if so if so if so if so if you're interested interested interested interested interested interested interested interested interested download the free anchor app um so you know um uh well like okay or or or or or or or or or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.