This is this is this is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this is this is an outloud reading of one of our latest YouTube videos to to to to to to to to to find well you know um you know like you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay us go to youtube.com slash read it readers or click the link in the description below. Below below below below below below below below. Uh um uh um uh um uh um uh um uh um uh um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um uh um so uh I mean um well uh. Thank you so much much much much much much much much much for listening. Hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, and welcome back to our / Petty Revenge the um well well well well well well well well well so so um okay I mean you know subreddit where people post stories of of of of of of of of of small victories over those who dared to well you know okay okay like okay you know know know know know know know know know so cross them. Today's post pick on the little girl playing paintball. Enjoy your I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh so um like like uh forced. I'm out. So this so this this this this this this this this this so this so this so this so this so this so this so this happened happened happened happened happened happened happened happened happened to me years ago to the details uh like uh you know um you you you you you you you you you know you know well may be a bit fuzzy in some parts when I I I I I I I I I was in Middle School. My uh I mean you know okay you know well well well well well well well well well I mean so brother was just graduating high school. He decided he he he he he he he he he wanted to go into the Navy well I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean like um so Working with a recruiter and events would be organized for for for for for for for for for all the new recruits you know well so um I mean well okay like like like like like like like like like to hang out while they wait to go off to basic one. Such event was a day of paintball at a local.