Hey y'all, this is STS podcast and we're here to talk about a little little little little little little little little little bit okay okay you know um okay I mean well I mean of how we we we we we we we we we started with here on anchor and one of the best things about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor so well okay uh uh like I mean like it's free. This is the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast. There's a there's a there's a there's a there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a lot of I mean so so so so so so so so so I mean so well so like well creation tools that allow you to to to to to to to to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or so you know you know well well well well well well well well well so well I mean like the computer. It's as it's as it's as it's as as as as as as as as as it's as it's as it's as it's as it's as easy as that. So download download download download download download download download download so download so download so download so download so download so download so download download download download download download download download download so download the free anchor up or go uh so okay you know um um um um um um um um um you know I mean I mean to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started check check check check check check check check check it out. It's going to uh uh so I mean okay uh you know you you you you you you you you you know be Great. Hey, we're changing the title of this podcast to sick parvis uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay um I mean okay uh well Magna podcast. It means greatness from from from from from from from from from Small Beginnings will be sitting down with people's so um I mean um um um um um um um um um so um uh I mean to talk about their story and their successes. It It It It It It It It It doesn't mean you have to be you know you know um I mean so you know know know know know know know know know um well a CEO doesn't mean you have to be some big movie star. This is really hearing people's life stories and just seeing how.