Hey guys, this episode is sponsored by anchor you haven't heard about anchor. It's literally literally literally literally literally literally literally literally literally well you know I mean I mean so okay so you know the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast. We use we use we use we use we use we we we we we we we we we use we use we use we use it for casual poor and and and and and and and and and we absolutely so I mean I mean well I mean I mean like like like like like like like like like like love love love it. Love it Robert tell the people I anchor so great great great great great great great great great one. It's okay um so like um okay so well free love free big big big big big big big big big plus when it's free to you can only record and edit so okay like like like like like like like like like you know I mean you know I mean like your podcast or you can can can can can can can can can upload your podcast straight to Anchor, but they'll also distribute your you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay you know you know like okay podcast to all the streaming streaming streaming streaming streaming streaming streaming streaming streaming platforms that apple pie. It cast Spotify Stitcher Google like so I I I I I I I I I mean like uh well uh well podcast Google podcasts does Amazon but podcast they they they they they they they they they will be short and on top of uh I mean so like okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay that you can even make money off of this app. So it's free free free free free free free free free and you like okay okay well you know um you know okay can make money. Money money money money money money money money. Yes, it's free and you can make money anchor will automatically so you know you you you you you you you you you know so um so so like match your podcast with the right sponsors for your your your your your your your your your podcast with no minimum amount of like uh um you know I mean so uh I I I I I I I I I mean listeners required super simple to get started. Just go just go just go just just just just just just just just just go just go just go just go just go just go to Anchor dot f m or download the anchor app from the App Store and you are.