Are you all ready for this? Yeah, I was fucking born. I can't I can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't I can't I can't I can't I can't I can't I can't I I I I I I I I I can't um um okay um uh um I mean like wait to talk about about about about about about about about about this movie. But this is a effin great. Well um um you know know know know know know know know know like uh so well. This was like wow, this is like a real roller coaster. Coaster coaster coaster coaster coaster coaster coaster coaster. It was just I mean so I mean um uh okay I mean like like like like like like like like like like one of those old can tie me feel masterpieces like three different different different different different different different different different movies in um well I mean you know okay uh uh like one that that that that that that that that that we're going to get into but I know that it was um um uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean a good movie because I'm like, oh I could easily easily easily easily easily easily easily easily easily talk about this for a well so uh so so well uh well well well well well well well well well minute. There's a lot to talk about and it feels like are we you know know know know know know know know know okay you know I mean um so um I mean getting into it it it it it it it it it or my okay now, let's not get into it. Okay, okay um um um um um um um um um um like okay well okay um here we go. Hey everybody hey everybody hey everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody hey everybody hey everybody hey everybody hey everybody hey everybody hey everybody Welcome to to to to to to to to to the 500 greatest films podcast. My name is you know you know uh well well well well well well well well well you know okay I mean well Arthur tomorrow. Oh, sorry sitting across from me me me me me me me me me is my God. Mr. Keller knobloch okay so I mean um uh well like like like like like like like like like um Keller Say howdy howdy, thank you just for saying how do you tell our listeners and our guest tonight? I'm incredibly.