Coming to you from USL headquarters. This is still some time. Here's the U U U U U U U U U s-- I mean okay um I mean so you know you know I mean L's Kelsey Kelsey Kelsey Kelsey Kelsey Kelsey Kelsey Kelsey Kelsey steel. It is March 3rd of 2020 Kelsey steel Scott Stewart here you know know know know know know know know know okay I mean uh well so okay okay for season 2 of steal some some some some some some some some some time. It's like we blinked all of a well well uh so well well well well well well well well well I mean well so sudden the 2020 season is upon us. We're just days away away away away away away away away away from opening weekend. How okay uh you know you know like um like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh is your off season first and foremost Scott. Do you feel kind of refreshed ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready to you know so so so okay uh you know so go? Just blacked blacked blacked blacked blacked blacked blacked blacked blacked out and then woke up and it was like we're um like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like uh so so like about to kick off and I was like, oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh good good thing I woke so so um you know um like okay well well well well well well well well well up in time. Then sort of like a Sleepy Hollow thing god. Like you you you you you you you you you know I mean like I mean well okay um. I set my alarm. Yeah, and and and and and and and and and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and and and and and and and and and yeah, and I think the remnant or like the remedy was okay uh uh so so so so so so so so so uh uh so so like a rowdies preseason game or something. I showed up up up up up up up up up and I was like, whoa, we're okay so um um um so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like it's like what's happening? This is happening there soon as they beat montreal. Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like you like you like you like you like you like you like you like you like like like like like like like like like you know you know well uh um I mean um. I was just like like like like like like like like like yeah, we're back in the swing of things. We are good you know um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay well okay okay for real back in the swing of things things things things things things things things things were back here every single Tuesday through whatever platform you choose to follow us there whether it's I do.