Hi everyone. I'm David Green. Welcome to a special episode of the digital HR leaders leaders leaders leaders leaders leaders leaders leaders leaders podcast. Well you know you know like you know I mean okay uh. HR HR HR HR HR HR HR HR HR doesn't just need to do digital. It needs to be digital. It's simply simply simply simply simply simply simply simply simply has to okay so well so like um uh so put another way. Way way way way way way way way. HR must hR must hR must hR must hR must hR must hR must hR must must must must must must must must must hR must become more digital and analytical to deliver greater business like um so you you you you you you you you you know uh uh so well value. This episode is a break from our usual format. Format format format format format format format format. It features it features it features it features it features it features it features it features it features features features features features features features features features a panel well okay I mean um okay well like okay discussion, discussion, discussion, discussion, discussion, discussion, discussion, discussion, discussion, which took place at the recent people analytics and future of work conference in in in in in in in in in well okay uh okay so okay I mean well San Francisco. The discussion the discussion the the the the the the the the the discussion the discussion the discussion the discussion the discussion the discussion the discussion discussion discussion discussion discussion discussion discussion discussion discussion was titled HR skills of the future and how you know so like well well well well well well well well well like well well so to develop and features Heather Whiteman who lectures on people people people people people people people people people analytics at UC Berkeley having uh I mean well well well like so you you you you you you you you you know spent six years previously is global head of people strategy analytics learning and and and and and and and and and operations of um you know well so okay well um well judicial RJ Milner Milner Milner Milner Milner Milner Milner Milner Milner who is a global head of people analytics boober and is a I mean um um um um um um um um um I mean well you know like well well previous guest on the show Andy Andy Andy Andy Andy Andy Andy Andy Andy and Bailey managing director of my HR future who previously so well so you know know know know know know know know know like so so so held various roles at Cisco around workforce planning people analytics and talent acquisition operations, and I and the moderator The.