Hello everyone and welcome to get stressed with us. We are we are we we we we we we we we we are we are we are we are we are we are we are back back back back back back back back back with back baby you know so um so well okay I mean like like like like like like like like like after a lengthy break there by eight about two minutes. We've been going to to to to to to to to to be a okay um like well like so you know well Christmas break. Break break break break break break break break. We're gonna get one out before Christmas then we're gonna Get well okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh like um like one back after Christmas and then now it's very happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy way and we have no well so uh okay like uh okay I mean excuses. Excuses excuses excuses excuses excuses excuses excuses excuses. Just let's just let's just let's just let's just let's just let's just let's just just just just just just just just just let's just let's just you know, he's busy he is busy and then then then then then then then then then we came back you know well like I mean uh um you know know know know know know know know know so to UNI and we just couldn't be arsed know. I'm gonna be completely honest honest honest honest honest honest honest honest honest you know so I mean well I mean I mean I mean uh with with with with with with with with with you. We promote we promote we promote we promote we promote we promote we we we we we we we we we promote we promote we promote realism like we weren't in the mood but but but but but but but but but we felt like so well like so so um um a void missing that like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, so now we're back thing is though a lot of so you know so so so so so so so so so like uh I mean okay so people have been saying to us like when you you you you you you you you you gonna do another one where you go anywhere, like absolutely coming to UNI. What are you doing next part?.