Welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I am joined by Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason well well um you know so okay uh um concepción Juliet Littman and David David David David David David David David David Shoemaker and David you have before. I know that we like so uh I I I I I I I I I mean well well you know I mean fought the Revolutionary War for a reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason but what this country needs is a king. I mean uh so well so okay I I I I I I I I I mean uh. Oh my oh my oh my oh my oh my oh my my my my my my my my my oh my oh my oh my God now listen. Listen, I'm not saying we need a a a a a a a a a monarch with like um uh um well um I mean well absolute power. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not saying we need to go to some like Royal Dutch like diagnostic okay um um um um um um um um um um well uh I mean I mean so system. But look at England right now how much much much much much much much much much better would our political discourse be you know you know you know okay so so so so so so so so so so um um if we would just elect the king for every like a decade decade decade decade decade decade decade decade decade every uh like okay um um I mean I mean uh 10 years. Donald Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump gets to be king. But we but we but we but we but we but but but but but but but but but we but we but we but we have a like a boring-ass well um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well like uh like technocrat. Who's They're who's They're who's They're who's They're who's who's who's who's who's who's who's who's who's They're who's They're who's They're who's They're who's They're as prime minister is actually making making making making making making making making making the decision, right? So he's well okay I mean uh okay well okay um um um um um um um um um have a guy who's a guy or a gal whose job is to um um um um um um um um um um well like like so so like go to NASCAR races and give speeches and set off. The The The The The The The The The first fireworks on I mean well um well uh so well you know know know know know know know know know the fourth of July. If you want to figure out is what I want a figure, how did.