Keep it up permanently. Let me tell you something. You already know the world world world world world world world world world ain't you know like uh so you know so you know well all sunshine and and and and and and and and and rainbows. It's a very mean and nasty place and I you know uh well you you you you you you you you you know I mean you know so like don't care how tough you are. It will will will will will will will will will beat you to your knees okay like uh you know like like like so and and and and and and and and and keep you there permanently. If you if you if you if you if you you you you you you you you you if you if you if you if you let it you me or nobody like like like like like like like like like so okay um like you know uh uh is gonna hit as hard as life, but but but but but but but but but it ain't about how hard you hit it's um uh so you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward how much uh so uh you know like so uh you know you can can can can can can can can can take and keep moving forward. That's how winning is done. Well, if well, if if if if if if if if if well, if well, if well, if well, if well, if well, if well, if you know know know know know know know know know okay okay like uh you know like like okay what you're worth then go out out out out out out out out out and get what you're worth. But you gotta uh well so uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay well well be willing to take the hits and not pointing fingers saying saying saying saying saying saying saying saying saying you ain't where you I mean like uh you know so uh I I I I I I I I I mean um wanna be because of him or her or anybody cowards do that. That that that that that that that that. And that and that and that and that and that and that and and and and and and and and and that and that and that ain't you you like okay so so like you know know know know know know know know know I mean you know better than that. It's about how hard you can get hit and keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep moving forward. Yo. Yo yo, it's your boy Evan. Those were those were were were were were were were were were those were those were those were those were those were those were those were little bit of words from Rocky.