What's up, welcome to the trekking podcast. I'm Patrick sweet. I'm Michael like you know like like like like like like like like like I mean you know I mean so you know Shermer. I'm Parker link and this this this this this this this this this episode we talk about Lego Masters new movies well so well you know know know know know know know know know like uh you know so and brainstorming title ideas for the podcast which we we we we we we we we we eventually figured out. So sit back relax you know um well um you know know know know know know know know know uh well um and enjoy too. As we all take a little sip. Yeah. We We We We We We We We We hope well you know you know um uh well you know okay that that that that that that that that that you have some kind of beverage with you. You can sip sip sip sip sip sip sip sip sip so okay uh I mean well uh well so along with yes up up up up up up up up up along with us with we got the doc you Pepe's answer. Like like so I I I I I I I I I mean okay like uh you know. That's what that's what that's what that's what what what what what what what what what that's what that's what that's what that's what that's what we're rocking as the beverage beverage beverage beverage beverage beverage beverage beverage beverage of the night. It's our okay uh um well uh um you know like like like like like like like like like day off tonight. We usually watch a Lego Masters on this night, night, night, night, night, night, night, night, night, but mmm that's um well I mean like well like you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean some corals with Langley Master Lego Masters. So background on Lego Masters, it well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um you know well um you know was we watching the Super Bowl. It It It It It It It It It was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was was was was was was was was was it was the Chief versus the And this one might um so well well well well well well well well well okay I mean like you know you know have heard of it. I don't know if you guys saw the game Chiefs won. She's won. Yeah, she's spoiler.