Hello there hello there hello there hello there hello there hello there hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello there hello there hello there before we get started on today's episode. I'd like like like like like like like like like to ask a short okay like uh uh you know like like so favor. Favor favor favor favor favor favor favor favor. If you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if if if if if if if if if you're if you're interested in either of the two books that I have have have have have have have have have written and I'm I mean uh uh you know well well well um about to release release release release release release release release release head on over to my website at the anxious okay uh so you know like like like like like like like like like you know I mean well truth.com books there. You can learn about both both both both both both both both both books one of which is free I mean I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh uh and you can get on my mailing list to to to to to to to to to be notified when each book is you know okay I mean uh like like like like like like like like like you know uh um released and how you can get it. I would really appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate that. Okay, let's get rolling. Uh um uh you know uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um. What is up, dudes and dudettes Drew here from the anxious truth? Welcome to to to to to to to to to episode. What um what um what um what um what um what um what what what what what what what what what um what um what um okay okay um like so okay um is this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode 98 of the podcast if to left to get to a hundred. Okay I I I I I I I I I okay I okay I okay I okay I okay I okay I okay I okay I I I I I I I I I mean well um so like okay I mean. I'm trying I'm trying I'm trying I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm trying I'm trying I'm trying I'm trying I'm trying I'm trying to arrange a special special special special special special special special special guest to be on the hundredth episode. I uh so okay well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know well I mean don't know if it's going to work out out out out out out out out out but I'm trying but that's good. It's well well I mean you know I mean well well well well well well well well well I mean uh going to be in a couple of weeks. So I'm going to to to to to to to to to rant a I mean like well um well um well uh little Bit Bit Bit Bit Bit Bit Bit Bit Bit and this one which is fine. I guess you guys are kind of used to me doing that. Anyway,.