three two one The button get everybody welcome back to paddle cast very well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so well um um you know okay very excited. It's 12 Towers weekend. And we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've got one of the finest ocean paddlers in so like I mean so okay um um um um um um um um um you know I mean the world here in the suppressor Studio we welcome today the reigning reigning reigning reigning reigning reigning reigning reigning reigning Molokai to Oahu well I mean um like well um so well grand champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion and probably one of the best foilers in the world. He does okay like like like like like like like like like um uh well um well so a bit of everything. But the reason we wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to chat with him today uh you know well I mean uh like um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay is not just because he's a champion off the water, but he's done uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um like like like so you know some amazing things off the water over the the the the the the the the the past couple of years James Casey. Welcome I mean I mean like I mean you know know know know know know know know know you know okay so to Studio, mate. Yeah, good. Thanks for having me. So I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going to get so you know uh uh so um well well here. So So So So So So So So So you'd In the Flesh. Yes. Yeah ready yeah ready yeah ready yeah ready yeah ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready yeah ready yeah ready yeah ready yeah ready for the bit of wind I I I I I I I I I mean like okay uh uh you know uh well coming on the weekend 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 towers are good. Yeah, I'm really excited. It was um so so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well like looking not so good about seven days ago and the the the the the the the the the forecast is swung so okay well uh you know like like well well well well well well well well well around and they grinding going to be fun. I think I hope so. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, the well so uh uh I mean like like okay pressure was kind of on you if we got the forecast wrong because you.