Welcome back to the Vagabond views. We have a thin crowd tonight. It It It It It It It It It is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it it it it it it it it it is right you know uh like well well well okay uh now. It is me Jared Jared Jared Jared Jared Jared Jared Jared Jared and Gabe the original crew. We have local bartender Courtney I mean like like like like like like like like like well like um um okay like Nance coming through later today. But until she gets gets gets gets gets gets gets gets gets here it is just yo like well I mean okay well um like so boys. Did Did Did Did Did Did Did Did Did you feel I'd say a pretty we're back to the back to uh well I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean so like like the roots. We're going back back back back back back back back back to her Roots. I'd say I'd say The Boys well well uh uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh like Are Back In Town. That's another good way to say. Yeah, I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd say that the dogs um so like so so uh uh I mean are who let let let let let let let let let the Dogs Out Request would you say that I wouldn't have chosen well so so so so so so so so so uh I mean okay so I mean so to say it myself but but you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're okay with you need okay? Yeah, as yeah, as yeah, as yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, as yeah, as yeah, as yeah, as yeah, as yeah, as okay well like like like like like like like like like so okay um like you know long as you're with me saying that I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm gonna hate it always I mean I mean uh you know uh I I I I I I I I I mean well okay support your right to see random things. I support my my my my my my my my my right to party and uh um uh um well like uh so you always you you you you you you you you you got to fight for that right? Sure. It's what I've always heard always said uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well well like so uh like it to live lives. I'm concerned this town one word that's built on rock and roll.