For the for the for the for the for the for the for the the the the the the the the the for the for the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by by by by by by by by by teach data, we I mean I mean um I mean I mean well okay um um um um um um um um um save teachers hours each week by bringing them quality downloadable teaching resources for their classrooms classrooms classrooms classrooms classrooms classrooms classrooms classrooms classrooms uh I mean so well um I mean I mean well to make your classroom classroom classroom classroom classroom classroom classroom classroom classroom Buzz go to teach starter.com. Hey teachers for on here. Well uh um um um um um um um um um uh like I mean okay um. Thanks so much for listening to to to to to to to to to For the Love of teaching. Please rate and review us like well so you know know know know know know know know know I mean okay you know uh any Apple podcast app and help us to to to to to to to to to reach more teachers gears. Have you heard so like okay uh like like like like like like like like like so like okay of the daily? 5 Ali is a passionate teacher who is has used used used used used used used used used this like uh okay you know okay like um so source and program program program program program program program program program to engage in Delight how beautiful students she's a huge fan you know know know know know know know know know okay um um uh like I mean you know of the daily 5 and she documents her her her her her her her her her students learnings on her Instagram page the okay uh like well well well well well well well well well uh like so you know young educator Ali says this program has been a game-changer game-changer game-changer game-changer game-changer game-changer game-changer game-changer game-changer for her and her like I mean okay so well so okay okay students. My My My My My My My My My students my students my students my students my students my students my students my students students students students students students students students students my students came to school on the second day and they were like, well well well well well well well well well I mean so um like well you know okay when are we doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing daily 5 and that for me I was just sold um um like like like like like like like like like I mean you know well okay well so I knew it was worth it. It it it it it it it it. Welcome Ellie. Thank you so much for so I mean you know uh well uh well well well well well well well well well uh joining me on for the love of teaching. I'm so excited to be here. Yay.