What's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's up, what's up, everybody Anton curly here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to to to to to to to to to the podcast in today's you know like so you know I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um episode. We're going to talk about what products you should not drop ship now when when when when when when when when when you know like um you know like so uh you know you're doing research research research research research research research research research and you're looking to get into e-commerce or build a new um I mean so so so so so so so so so like I mean well uh like store or launch a new product line. Line line line line line line line line. There are there are there are there are there are there are there are are are are are are are are are there are there are three different levels of where um okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so like um um you want to research to make sure you're choosing the the the the the the the the the right products. Now, I mean you know you know I mean like so you you you you you you you you you know like the first level is the niche level. That's the that's the that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's the that's the that's the that's the that's the that's the that's the highest one, right? right right right right right right right right What type of products okay so well you know I mean well like you know know know know know know know know know do you want to sell and after you lock? Didn't you didn't you you you you you you you you you didn't you didn't you didn't you didn't you didn't you didn't you didn't you you you you you you you you you want to move okay I mean so so well well okay uh to the the the the the the the the the supplier level and make sure that the suppliers you're finding are ones. Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like I mean you know I mean well okay I mean uh. You actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually want to work with if you want to make money doing this and so so so so so so so so so so I mean I mean well um okay uh then finally the deepest level level level level level level level level level is the product level. So what so what so what so what so what what what what what what what what what so what so what so what so what I'm going to share I mean um um um um um um um um um like well uh well I mean so with you in this podcast is what to to to to to to to to to look for at all three levels to you know okay well so you know know know know know know know know know well uh uh make sure you're not wasting your time. If you decide to build build build build build build build build build one of so I mean so uh well um I mean uh these stores stores stores stores stores stores stores stores stores and actually build a real business now before we get into it, I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean okay um okay like I mean should let let let let let let let let let you know that if this all sounds good to you and you're looking to build your very own highly profitable semi-automated.