At some point in time a bad spell of wet weather came over over over over over over over over over so I mean you know okay you know okay so so a Southern state state state state state state state state state flooding most of the many counties since the water was about six uh so so so so so so so so so so like like so so I mean feet deep outside and inside their house one one one one one one one one one family spent its time sitting on I mean I mean well well okay uh you know um the the the the the the the the the porch roof watching the wreckage Float by the young son happened to notice notice notice notice notice notice notice notice notice a um um uh um okay I mean um like nice Straw Hat as it it it it it it it it it went downstream. My he thought I'll bet that person who so well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh I mean um lost that hat is very sorry now after the Hat Hat Hat Hat Hat Hat Hat Hat Hat had floated out well um okay um um um okay uh of sight. Around the corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner of the house the boy kept on watching the like well so okay I I I I I I I I I mean so I mean um river suddenly much to his surprise. Here comes comes comes comes comes comes comes comes comes the Hat floating Upstream against the current. I mean like so I mean so so so so so so so so so well like okay. This was obviously very strange. So the lad kept his eye on on on on on on on on on it. It floated you know so I mean so um so like I mean Upstream Upstream Upstream Upstream Upstream Upstream Upstream Upstream Upstream around the corner of the house and came floating back down again after a while. You You You You You You You You You know uh you know so I mean so you know okay. It It It It It It It It It came it came it came it came it came it came it came it came it it it it it it it it it came back Upstream yet again rounding the corner of the house. Finally the finally the finally finally finally finally finally finally finally finally finally the finally the finally the finally the finally the finally the finally the boy couldn't stand it any longer and pointed out the Hat.