Hello. Hello and welcome to the siebert's podcast. Today's podcast today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's podcast today's podcast today's podcast today's podcast today's podcast today's podcast today's podcast today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's podcast is number 42. Now, if now, if now, if now, if now, if if if if if if if if if now, if now, if now, if now, if you've I mean well you know know know know know know know know know um so well I mean I mean been following us over the past couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple of episodes you would have noticed that we I mean uh like so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay um started a new series but the Foreigner lifestyle now, we've already had dr. Chuck Chuck Chuck Chuck Chuck Chuck Chuck Chuck Chuck Matias. He um he um he um he um he um he um he he he he he he he he he um he um he um uh well I mean okay you know know know know know know know know know okay uh talked to us about praying daily. Then we had Matt Candler join us us us us us us us us us talking I mean okay I mean so you know uh so well about fasting fasting fasting fasting fasting fasting fasting fasting fasting weekly and on this episode. We kind we kind we kind we kind we kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind we kind we kind we kind we kind of continue that conversation. We have have have have have have have have have you know okay um uh well uh okay like the lovely Dana Candler the the the the the the the the the mrs. Camera. Joining us and she talks about the like I mean well uh um so so so so so so so so so uh you know gift of hunger. Now the Lord gives this to us as as as as as as as as as a gift as we so uh um okay I mean okay uh you know know know know know know know know know engage with the spiritual truth of fasting. So thank you Dana for joining us us us us us us us us us right here I mean okay you know uh so well so um with you guys. Guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys. So your so your so your so your so your so your so your so your your your your your your your your your so your mom you're a loving wife and you've been here. I uh um um um um um um um um um um um uh like like uh hope for a long time. So you've obviously spent hours hours hours hours hours hours hours hours hours and hours and hours okay um well um I mean like I mean like like like like like like like like like cultivating the gift of hunger. So you're so you're so you're so you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're so you're so you're so you're so you're so you're going to kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of just unpack that right about that was just gonna fill our heads with all the revelation we.