Good morning. Happy humans. I'm stoked that you're joining me this morning for like like like like like like like like like I mean um um well you know okay uh today's in conversation episode with with with with with with with with with creative entrepreneur Zach white. This episode is all things travel well like so I I I I I I I I I mean like uh like so during chasing an action taking I'm excited to dive deep into into into into into into into into into Zach's unique lifestyle and to well I mean I mean I mean well okay you know know know know know know know know know uh find out what creative plans he is. Currently he currently has Brewing you you you you you you you you you you know I mean okay you know um okay well you know may have have have have have have have have have previously known Zach is one of one of the OG Neverland boys well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well I mean you know you know like a group of of of of of of of of of creatives who were traveling. And documenting Eternal youth that sounds uh well well okay like like like like like like like like like well um uh amazing to me. Welcome to the podcast Zach a Georgia. Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks for thanks for having me. So Zach so okay like I mean um so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean and I actually met at Sanda coffee. That's probably where we meet. A A A A A A A A A lot okay you know you know um um I mean so I mean of of of of of of of of of people these days. Yeah, you should Park ourselves off when our laptops and well well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um I mean uh so a lot of people come through through through through through through through through through and sort of asked what we're doing um okay like um okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um well and get Chapman figure out. You got a few things in common. Common common common common common common common common. And here we um uh so uh so okay okay so are here we are. Yeah pretty much part of the furniture down there so little shout-out to.