In today's episode featuring Lenny and fail in you might hear something like like like like like like like like like this. Well like um uh I mean uh so um. Hey, you want to to to to to to to to to know why my brain doesn't work, right if you text K um okay okay um um um um um um um um um uh okay well I mean out there, how dare you I thought we weren't using the the the the the the the the the word Crazy Light you know um so you know okay you know um so so so so so so so so so it on fire watch it there and we're reclaiming crazy during a manic. I I I I I I I I I like I mean I mean okay so like like like was like braised. I I I I I I I I I hate you. Don't leave don't leave don't leave don't leave don't leave don't leave don't leave leave leave leave leave leave leave leave leave don't leave don't leave me who came up with this list okay um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well okay you know um given on the bird. I love 7-Eleven my childhood should I I I I I I I I I sit on this uh I mean so so I mean so I mean I I I I I I I I I mean couch and recline you're reacting to literally everything through borderline. But I love friends. Like well well well well well well well well well well like you know you know you know I mean. I'm Monica Geller and I I I I I I I I I hate it but I've accepted it album coming so I mean um like uh well well well well well well well well well okay I mean soon everybody. Hi and welcome to my side of crazy. My name name name name name name name name name is Shelby tweetin uh um um well uh okay I mean um and I'm failing Villa Villa Villa Villa Villa Villa Villa Villa Villa dough and we have a show for you. Any you're supposed to I mean well like I I I I I I I I I mean like I mean I mean you know introduce yourself know that I was was was was was was was was was supposed to introduce myself there. I'm sorry. Okay. I'm on I'm on I'm on on on on on on on on on I'm on I'm on I'm on I'm on I'm on I'm on the mic today. So we are on the.