Hey, this is Marc a Altman if you enjoying listening to us, imagine how how how how how how how how how entertaining will um you know like I mean like I mean you know well be be be be be be be be be when you are watching us. Now. You can watch the 4:30 movie like so okay so so so so so so so so so like um uh well with Steven watching Darren Doctrine Ashley Miller and me me me me me me me me me Mark a Altman every day on you know okay so I mean you you you you you you you you you know um well um electric. Now. How do how do how do how how how how how how how how how do how do how do how do how do how do you get electric electric electric electric electric electric electric electric electric now? You download distro TV stir well so you know you know so so so so so so so so so so so you know TV Zumo TV and soon the electric now app and and and and and and and and and you just have to you know well um like okay okay you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean pick one. You don't you don't you don't you don't you don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't you don't you don't you don't you don't have to have all your not not not not not not not not not them all of them, like so I mean uh you know so okay like like like like like like like like like but it helps and you can watch us on the Electric now channel channel channel channel channel channel channel channel channel don't miss us as okay um um so uh so I mean okay we we we we we we we we we bring you the 4:30 movie in your house in person. Hey, this I I I I I I I I I mean so I mean uh okay okay well um is Marc a Altman from Inglorious Inglorious Inglorious Inglorious Inglorious Inglorious Inglorious Inglorious Inglorious trucks birds in the 4:30 movie. And if okay like okay um you know so so so so so so so so so so um you're a James Bond fan, you want to pick up my new new new new new new new new new book Nobody Does it you know like so um so uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh Better the complete uncensored oral history of James Bond and spy Mania. It's a a a a a a a a a so I mean like uh okay so um well hefty Tom and it's available. Now wherever you purchase books audiobooks and digital check it out and I will.