Oh, can you put a little bit of Honey mix fit to give our yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I like like so well you know I mean like well know did did did did did did did did did you know that when milk is start again when milk has come out of well so so so so so so so so so I mean um uh I mean um you know the cow. They died they died died died died died died died died died they died they died they died they died they died they died they they they they they they they they they died a white because there's pus and blood in it and your stroke I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay okay uh you know you know like um still drinking cow's milk. Milk milk milk milk milk milk milk milk. Your mom will join to do that is disgusting. I've I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um well I mean you know tried like almond milk was just just just just just just just just just isn't there's almond produce milk. What breasts what breasts what breasts what breasts what breasts breasts breasts breasts breasts breasts breasts breasts breasts what breasts what breasts what breasts what breasts do you know so you know know know know know know know know know um okay I mean um uh you squeeze? Not this? Smells good smells good smells smells smells smells smells smells smells smells smells good smells good smells good smells good smells good smells good smells good doesn't matter matter matter matter matter matter matter matter matter coconut milk is a thing. You know well well okay well uh uh so. No No No No No No No No No could no could no could no could no could no could no could no could could could could could could could could could no could do that. Coconut milk coconut coconut milk coconut water discussed. How can can can can can can can can can I uh um okay I mean you know like okay well was absolutely vile? And And And And And And And And And I don't know why people eat it. So drink is okay like well so so so so so so so so so uh so well uh it actually tastes like Bean Juice that she would it's disgusting. Do you you you you you you you you you know what like so well well I mean well like so the problem is is is is is is is is is what you I don't think I'm a problem. I think you're uh like I I I I I I I I I mean uh so you know okay you know the problem. Just leave the the the the the the the the the cars. We've been we've been we've been we've been we've been we've been we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've been we've been we've been drinking cow milk since day one not supposed to drink cow. Mel was supposed to drink her mum's milk.