Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to the days conversation today. We're going to be talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking about taking control. You know I mean like I mean uh uh like like like like like like like like like so. Per se taking control of our emotions, but the big question is how how how how how how how how how do we uh so uh you know um okay so I mean take control of of of of of of of of of our emotions? Here's the thing. There are multiple ways that can you know know know know know know know know know I mean okay you know well you know so okay kick you down. Right but but but but but but but but but we're going to talk about two of those important points well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well like you know I mean um right now. And that's your physiology physiology physiology physiology physiology physiology physiology physiology physiology and your mindset physiology being the science of life. It I mean um I mean so so so so so so so so so I mean like so uh is the branch of the biology that deals with the the the the the the the the the normal functions of a living organism well I mean uh I mean you know so so so so so so so so so so I mean and its parts. But in this sense, what we're going to be be be be be be be be be talking about is so like well you know like so like uh how refers refers refers refers refers refers refers refers refers to your emotions and how it is an extension of You feel emotions are described described described described described described described described described so uh okay like like um uh um many ways. You know me. We We We We We We We We We have happiness sadness anger and fear which and there so well um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well uh so like are others of course, but those are kind of the main main main main main main main main main ones. We think these you know like uh I mean like okay I mean well well well well well well well well well emotions are born in our mind sometime but most of the time and a lot of times it's not it's just.