Have you been looking for a way to start a podcast? If so, if so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, if so, if so, if so, if so, if so, if so, if so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, look um like well you know so I mean um I mean no further. If you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard of anchor it's the easiest way I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well so you know like to make a podcast. Literally it's free. There's no there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's no there's no there's no there's no there's no there's no there's no there's no monthly monthly monthly monthly monthly monthly monthly monthly monthly minimum. You don't have to pay okay well well I mean okay uh um like to to to to to to to to to host your content. There's creation tools that allows you to record and edit uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh you know well uh well I mean your podcast right from from from from from from from from from your phone or computer an anchor will distribute your podcast for well you you you you you you you you you know um so um I mean you know I mean you. So you don't have to to to to to to to to to mindlessly or in the Sleep host your RSS well well um so um you you you you you you you you you know you know uh feed to Spotify and apple and everywhere else. They'll They'll They'll They'll They'll They'll They'll They'll They'll do it for you okay uh you know like so so well you know and and and and and and and and and you can make money. I'm your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything that you you you you you you you you you know okay well okay uh okay I mean well you want in a a a a a a a a a podcast in one place. You have something to say you want um okay you know know know know know know know know know um um okay so well to get it out. You want you want you you you you you you you you you want you want you want you want you want you want you want to to to to to to to to to write a note just upload and uh uh well like um like um so turn turn turn turn turn turn turn turn turn on your anchor app on your phone and hit record and save notes to your your your your your your your your your okay like you know um so I mean well I mean library to to to to to to to to to upload to future episodes download the free anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.