All right. So let's so let's so let's so let's so let's so let's so let's so so so so so so so so so let's so let's I just want to say thank you. If you're if you're if you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're tuning in in in in in in in in in and okay so I mean I mean uh uh uh like you're hearing this, thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank you. That means that means that means that means that means that means that means means means means means means means means means that means that means you're supporting that means I'm getting out there. You You You You You You You You You know well so uh I mean you know so so. Today's Wednesday today's Wednesday today's Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday today's Wednesday today's Wednesday today's Wednesday today's Wednesday today's Wednesday today's Wednesday the 4th tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow will be the fifth. So I so I so I so I so I so so so so so so so so so I so I so I so I look forward to my so you you you you you you you you you know okay I mean well okay so um first podcast. My first my my my my my my my my my first my first my first my first my first my first my first my first first first first first first first first first guest is going to be my home gym ball good well um um uh well well well well well well well well well you know so you know dude, old-school graffiti artist from the streets to kind of group grew grew grew grew grew grew grew grew grew up a lot about um I mean uh you know um like so um them, them, them, them, them, them, them, them, them, but I will definitely hear that story tomorrow and that's episode 1 so so so so so so so so so uh like well okay I mean like you know like let's get this together and do do do do do do do do do it. All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, all right, all right, if you're listening, thank you for uh uh like you you you you you you you you you know I mean okay uh um tuning in. This is the first show of of of of of of of of of the Hobbies G show number one episode one uh so well I I I I I I I I I mean you know so so like starring season one starring German ball. Sorry javi. Javi Javi Javi Javi Javi Javi Javi Javi. Gee, I'm just fucking a guest. Well, that's my uh um so you know so you you you you you you you you you know um like guest. I mean is my brother that I mean, I I I I I I I I I grew up with this. Why didn't why didn't why didn't why didn't why didn't why didn't why didn't why didn't why didn't grow up with.