Hello and welcome back into the hard foul. I'm your host Pearson Fowler with me me me me me me me me me like okay so okay uh so so I mean as always from Gamecock central.com centralcom centralcom centralcom centralcom centralcom centralcom centralcom centralcom. The bad luck charm in South Carolina Gamecocks this entire um uh I I I I I I I I I mean um well um so um weekend Colin Taylor Colin. I hate I I I I I I I I I hate I hate I hate I hate I hate I hate I hate I I I I I I I I I hate that you have to wear well like okay so um I mean um um um um um um um um um well that albatross around your neck, but you had a busy weekend. He did did did did did did did did did a like you know um I mean okay uh okay so lot of travel. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's much appreciated Gamecock fans everywhere appreciate your vigilance okay you know uh uh you you you you you you you you you know I mean like okay your dedication to traveling and I sound like I'm being sarcastic sarcastic sarcastic sarcastic sarcastic sarcastic sarcastic sarcastic sarcastic because it's not a clock. So uh so okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well. In the morning, but I'm being serious because Friday you were in Colombia. You You You You You You You You You covered I mean like uh like well you know um I mean the baseball game game game game game game game game game and then Saturday morning you woke up and drove to Tuscaloosa. Watch I watch I I I I I I I I I watch I watch I watch I watch I watch I watch I watch I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean uh so uh I mean you know you know the basketball game. Game game game game game game game game. And then you said you stayed overnight in Hoover or Birmingham somewhere um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean okay okay you know so thereabouts and then drove to Clemson, South South South South South South South South South Carolina first thing Sunday morning to cover the I mean well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well so so like you know baseball game then came back to Colombia. And the the the the the the the the the now you are back here in downtown Columbia at nine o'clock on Monday morning again admirable seriously everybody appreciates.