Welcome to 9 by Design. I'm eating I'm eating I'm eating I'm eating I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm eating I'm eating I'm eating I'm eating I'm eating all church and I'm bringing bringing bringing bringing bringing bringing bringing bringing bringing you human design um like um you know I mean well I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay and business for the modern entrepreneur. I'm a leading human design expert and energetic alignment uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like well um you know well okay well business coach. I lead entrepreneurs entrepreneurs entrepreneurs entrepreneurs entrepreneurs entrepreneurs entrepreneurs entrepreneurs entrepreneurs like you to shift your business where it's not working you know like well you you you you you you you you you know okay you know I mean I mean so that it starts to work work work work work work work work work for you through human design and Alignment you experience the you know you you you you you you you you you know uh um so well well well flow. The he's the he's the he's the the the the the the the the the he's the he's the he's the he's the he's the he's integrity and undeniable magnetism impact impact impact impact impact impact impact impact impact and of course income each I mean like okay I mean um like you know know know know know know know know know you know week. I'm going to be bringing you the human design and business in a a a a a a a a a you know so I mean well I mean I mean uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean way that you've never experienced it before. Let's Dive let's Dive let's Dive let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's Dive let's Dive let's Dive let's Dive let's Dive let's Dive In Hey guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, welcome like so so I mean you know I mean I mean you know know know know know know know know know to align by design. It is a me all church. I am so excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited for you to be here. If you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you are a new.