Welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone to the episode 20. What did I say say say say say say say say say to ya penitential good stuff so you know uh so um you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh Episode 22 of Darren my fees and sometimes friends the podcast for a talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk to well well well I mean I mean okay okay um people much more interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting than myself. I'm joined today by a journalist extraordinaire and well um like like like like like like like like like okay uh I mean okay like also freelance. Yes. I'll listen. So how this this this this this this this this this one she's got a mortgage. I'm well like like I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so okay on the first amount of often the focus. Thank you very much for for for for for for for for for having me alone. We um okay okay okay okay um okay um were just just just just just just just just just discussing how this is a test of your own medicine because you like well well like like like like like like like like like um um like you know run around the world throwing my Mike's in front front front front front front front front front of people and go on. Well um okay like so so um um. Give us a a a a a a a a a call directly. Yeah. No, it's weird for me to be somebody well okay like like like like like like like like like um I mean like uh um that answers questions. But here but here but but but but but but but but but here but here but here but here but here but here but here here here here here here here here here we are. So I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll so so so so so so so so so I'll so I'll give it give it my uh okay I mean well okay like you you you you you you you you you know well best real lovely. I also feel bad as well because obviously this morning uh so so so so so so so so so so uh um okay uh you know you were on the road. It was it was was was was was was was was was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was on on on on on on on on on a phone in or do you have um well I mean I mean so so so so so so so so so okay well well to go to Studio ever say it was a phone in in in in in in in in in from the house. Um so uh so well you know like well. So I was reading up up up up up up up up up everybody who's with her International Women's Day events, and uh so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so well um I was on really well stir with Nelson McCausland talking about whether or not Queen's University was a cold house for unionists and.