Hey everyone, welcome to season 2 of reversing climate change. We are we are we we we we we we we we we are we are we are we are we are we are we are doing that that that that that that that that that podcast like you know so well well like okay you know thing now in launching launching launching launching launching launching launching launching launching a patreon. You can find it at patreon.com slash Nori uh you know know know know know know know know know okay uh you know I mean so so podcasts. There are various tiers with different types types types types types types types types types of goodies available. Do you want well I mean I mean um okay well well well well well well well well well you know I mean to receive a special newsletter digestive what Nori knots are reading that that that that that that that that that week be a well so well so you know okay I mean I mean part of a a a a a a a a a Nori book club get special access to Nori events. Go uh um uh um so so so so so so so so so so I mean well take a look at patreon.com Nori podcast for what we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're offering and in that uh well so I mean well well well so Spirit of being being being being being being being being being lean and that startup kind of way that That, you know, we like to I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean okay uh like so uh uh do this list of goodies is subject to to to to to to to to to change and we'd very much like um um um you know uh uh you you you you you you you you you know I mean your feedback. Is there something that you'd really like to see but but but but but but but but but it isn't listed here okay um so uh you know okay well you know honest feedback does does does does does does does does does a lot to help us shape what we offer to you. You can you you you you you you you you you know so like you know um I mean um uh send an email to podcast at at at at at at at at at Nori.com or fill out our podcast like uh so I mean you know um um um um um um um um um um uh survey anonymously in our newsletter, which you can find at nor e.com ecom ecom ecom ecom ecom ecom ecom ecom. Subscribe, and well um um I mean uh I mean um well thank you so much much much much much much much much much for listening to another season of reversing climate change. Hello and welcome to the reversing climate change.