Are you going to love this one? I put I put I put I I I I I I I I I put I put I put I put I put I put out so much content content content content content content content content content that I mean well I mean I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know well if you listen to my stuff for free every single day if if if if if if if if if you uh okay you know you know well well well like listen to one of of of of of of of of of my pieces of content, there's over 10 years worth of content. Okay well you know so so so so so so so so so okay I mean well like. There's over tick like you can listen to me once once once once once once once once once a day for 10 straight well you know you know I mean so like like like like like like like like like so I mean years and not have to pay nothing. But guess what happened in those those those those those those those those those 10 years okay well I mean you know um you know so well Cam Newton Newton Newton Newton Newton Newton Newton Newton Newton start listening to me and middle school and high school. Then uh like uh so um um um um um um um um um you know um like he went to Auburn and told the coach to to to to to to to to to come get me. Then he well like um uh I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh went to the pros and told the coach. I got to speak after all all all all all all all all all um um okay well um like you know um these kids in the hood who who who who who who who who who didn't have fathers. I became their father on instagram. You know you know you know you you you you you you you you you know you know you know you know you know you know like um um um um um um um um um um I mean okay you know I mean. So when they went to the NBA NBA NBA NBA NBA NBA NBA NBA NBA they Daddy with him when I went to like okay well um okay like like like like like like like like like like I mean the NFL. They took they took they took they they they they they they they they they took they took they took they took they took they took their daddy daddy daddy daddy daddy daddy daddy daddy daddy with them when they became preachers and start a I mean I mean I I I I I I I I I mean okay I mean so like um church when they became CEOs or execs at companies when they look for a trainer it wasn't that I was.