Hello guys and welcome to the fifth episode of The Forgotten podcast. My name my name name name name name name name name name my name my name my name my name my name my name my name uh uh um um um um um um um um um um I mean well um so is Kiran Krishnan. And today I'm joined with swayam swayam swayam swayam swayam swayam swayam swayam swayam and moanin and we hear talk about like well um you know uh um you you you you you you you you you know you know something that is kind of alien to me. I am am am am am am am am am not very I'm very so like so so well so uh um informed on this and and and and and and and and and it is Anime so guys educate me. Okay, Karen okay, Karen okay, Karen Karen Karen Karen Karen Karen Karen Karen Karen okay, Karen okay, Karen okay, Karen okay, Karen okay, Karen okay, Karen tell me me me me me me me me me um you know like well like okay um um something. Have you watched watched watched watched watched watched watched watched watched Pokémon? Yes here on there. Yes, you washed Beyblade. Yes, I mean um well well well well well well well well well I mean uh you know like okay and it was a culture. Where back where? I I I I I I I I I when I when we grew up so uh well uh uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so we should just hang around and you know oracle 3 2 1 let let let let let let let let let so um like you know so um well okay it rip or whatever, right? yeah. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. So yeah, it was a throwback and so I mean you know so you you you you you you you you you know um you know so nostalgic moment. Yes, I have so everyone has actually watched anime anime anime anime anime anime anime anime anime when they were kids. They okay so uh uh you know I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean just don't realize it. So it's like shows Pokemon Digimon and Doraemon so uh you you you you you you you you you know okay okay I mean well okay Shin-chan Ninja Hattori. They're all they're all they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're all they're all they're all they're all they're all they're all they're all enemies now that I think about it. Beyblade was The Craze back when we were in.