If you struggle to get your workouts in if you want to do some workouts workouts workouts workouts workouts workouts workouts workouts workouts uh well I mean well like well you know I mean at home, home, home, home, home, home, home, home, home, if you are a mom with kids and you really really struggle to to to to to to to to to um um so you know okay uh you know uh find the the the the the the the the the time or if you travel a lot then you need this plan. Now, so so you know know know know know know know know know well like so so uh I've just released on been Ogden da Hood at uk. UK UK UK UK UK UK UK UK. I'll repeat again. Been Ogden been Ogden been Ogden been Ogden been Ogden Ogden Ogden Ogden Ogden Ogden Ogden Ogden Ogden been Ogden been Ogden been Ogden been Ogden well uh you know you know know know know know know know know know like I mean so I mean dot code at UK a home hit plan plan plan plan plan plan plan plan plan is a four-week plan which consists like so okay so so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well of three workouts every single week all different workouts. You also get well well well well well well well well well I mean you know so okay uh um well access to the audio trainer app. App app app app app app app app. Which has all video tutorials of how to so uh uh okay so so so so so so so so so so so um do every single exercise on the plant. No equipment needed. You might might might might might might might might might need a sofa well um okay uh um I mean well uh you might get get get get get get get get get a chair up some point, but very very very minimal equipment and stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff well I mean I mean like like well uh well that you can find around the the the the the the the the the house. And so if you answered yes you know I mean uh okay like like like like like like like like like like okay uh to any of them questions at the start go and get the the the the the the the the the planet is also 50% I mean I mean you know like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like off at the moment. Once again been Ogden dot Cody UK, welcome to the audio trainer. You're a personal trainer.