Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to the special edition of between two Blue Devils. It's parent-teacher conferences here so so so so so so so so so well um so like like like well at Tommy's high school. So I so I I I I I I I I I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I I I I I I I I I thought maybe I would go around and do something special so so so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean well a little bit different going to go around and ask random random random random random random random random random teachers if they want um you know um I mean you know um well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh to answer a question that my students have written. I'm going to pull a a a a a a a a a question out like I mean you know well okay so uh okay of the grab bag. It's going going going going going going going going going to IAM impromptu, they're going to answer it and you know I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um um we're going to get some interesting answers. I'm sure in the the the the the the the the the meantime, I want so well I mean like okay well you know so to to to to to to to to to let you know that tomorrow. We have we have we have we have we have we we we we we we we we we have we have we have we have another official guest and I you know well I I I I I I I I I mean okay I mean I mean so well cannot wait to interview our next guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest here on between two Blue devils. So okay you know so like well you you you you you you you you you know like. This individual is awesome. And the story that they're going to share with with with with with with with with with you um uh you know you know you know okay you know I mean is unbelievable. Unbelievable unbelievable unbelievable unbelievable unbelievable unbelievable unbelievable unbelievable. So you want to make sure you tune in this weekend. Well uh well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh well uh well uh well uh well uh well uh well uh you you you you you you you you you know um so you know um so. Make sure you subscribe so you don't miss that episode when it drops got to tell you.