Is that a break up break up? I think we have a I mean um um um um um um um um um um well okay like I mean uh situation right here. Welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to The Filling Station a podcast that touches on breakup stories well so um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um well I mean well that people would like to talk about with your view view view view view view view view view to give lessons that they you know um I mean you know well uh okay well well well well well well well well well learned from their experiences. We hope you find the stories entertaining but more importantly importantly importantly importantly importantly importantly importantly importantly importantly meaningful given uh well well so I mean well so um the lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson behind everything we're going to talk about today. Now in this episode. You know know know know know know know know know well like like um well well okay. We are outside the great city city city city city city city city city of London. I'm not going to say exactly where uh so I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um uh I mean but it is hella windy here. What is happening here here here here here here here here here with the weather. Lord so you know um um um so you know know know know know know know know know like knows cheese it is, you know, I mean, I know the storm hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit and um I mean I mean I mean uh uh um um stuff. People kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of Penny but this is next level. I am not used to this. I I I I I I I I I mean um uh um I mean so um uh. How'd you guys cope? There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's another one coming doesn't just get ready. Let's raise uh so so well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so um yourself. Let's not let's not let's not let's not let's not let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's not let's not let's not let's not even go there. So this has been a a a a a a a a a meeting that's been in uh so you know so uh like I mean you know know know know know know know know know the making for God knows how long don't you just you know, we keep trying to meet up for this and that just doesn't seem to.