Hey guys, it's Tina from the high of scishow. If you if you if you if if if if if if if if if you if you if you if you if you if you haven't heard about okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so so so so I mean anchor it's the easiest way to make make make make make make make make make a podcast. Let me explain. Um okay like okay I mean like well I mean. Mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean. It's a hundred percent free this creation tools that allow you to record and and and and and and and and and well um like um so uh so like edit your podcast right from your phone, phone, phone, phone, phone, phone, phone, phone, phone, or you can do it from your um well I mean um like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like computer. Anchor we do the rest. It's going to distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast on most you know you know well like uh uh um well popular platforms, like like like like like like like like like apple podcast Google podcast Spotify and many more on top of that. You You You You You You You You You know I mean okay like well I mean well okay. You can you can you can can can can can can can can can you can you can you can you can you can you can actually earn earn earn earn earn earn earn earn earn money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything well so like like like like like like like like like like like um well I mean you need to make a podcast and one place download download download download download download download download download the free anchor app so uh like well uh um okay I mean or go go go go go go go go go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. You're listening you're listening you're listening you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening to the you you you you you you you you you know uh uh well uh I mean you know so high up Sideshow a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast that allows people like you and me to invest I mean like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know well well our money in the more entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining way. My name is Keen arrivals. I'm so so so so well you know know know know know know know know know okay uh a photographer by the day, but I make most of my money by flipping flipping flipping flipping flipping flipping flipping flipping flipping uh um I mean okay I mean um you know uh cards and this this this this this this this this this show I'll be sitting down with you and sharing my best like so like like like like like like like like like okay you know you know okay okay practices. You learn my process the lessons. I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've learned and more importantly who you should uh okay you know okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like be buying sup guys and welcome back to the show. It's your your your your your your your your your boy. Keen arrival you know uh like um well um so so isn't I'm back back back back back back back back back today with another episode over the last few days. I've noticed I've noticed I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've noticed I've noticed I've noticed I've noticed I've noticed I've noticed I've noticed that too.