Hey the meaning of fans on dressed in rb3 here to talk to you about about about about about about about about about uh um uh I mean you know like um okay the anchor app. App app app app app app app app. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way uh okay you know know know know know know know know know okay so uh well you know to make a podcast. Let me tell you why first of of of of of of of of of all, it's because it's I mean um so you know you know uh okay you you you you you you you you you know free. Also, there's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record record record record record record record record record and uh well okay well so okay uh I mean edit your podcast right right right right right right right right right from your phone or your computer and anchor will distribute like uh so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like well your podcast for you. So it so it so it so it it it it it it it it it so it so it so it so it so it could be heard of Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcast Stitcher or um um uh um okay well I mean uh any pod catcher out out out out out out out out out there. Another thing is you can make money so so like I mean um like like like like like like like like like well uh from your podcast and there's no minimum. Ownership required is is is is is is is is is everything you need okay I mean okay well uh okay so you know to to to to to to to to to make a podcast all in one place? So check out anchor download the anchor app app app app app app app app app well um you know so well okay so so or check out anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor dot f m-- they have all the information there for you know uh um um um um um um um um um um I mean okay like you know you right there. So do so do so so so so so so so so so do so do so do so do so do so do so do it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, you know, when you do the little like clip or whatever uh so I mean you you you you you you you you you know like okay well you know just do talk about that for like that like like like like like like like like like mid break part where you put okay um so well okay uh well like like like like like like like like like like an ad. Okay. Yeah. Well I well I well I well I well well well well well well well well well I well I well I well I well I can add and then you you you you you you you you you do the well like well I mean like um okay okay thing and then then then then then then then then then we get back into the show. Oh, yeah, whatever. You've been doing that lately. Yeah, he'll do like a little clip of.