Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and and and and and and and and and hello and hello and welcome to another episode of come on ref. I'm your host host host host host host host host host Luke so um well so okay so like you know Aven. I hope everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone had a great week. First off. I just want to say I mean so you you you you you you you you you know you know I mean okay um well thank you to everyone who has has has has has has has has has been supporting the podcast everyone its engaging on okay like you know um um um um um um um um um you know like well like Instagram following and just giving a real sense sense sense sense sense sense sense sense sense of community around this podcast. So thank like well um you know so like um um um um um um um um um like you to everyone today. We're going to be talking about last weekend's Premier League League League League League League League League League action and you know you know so you know well you know okay like the the the the the the the the the repercussions of everything that happened So straight off the bat the biggest story of you know know know know know know know know know uh okay so um so uh so the weekend was obviously Liverpool losing to Watford 3-nil. 3-nil 3-nil 3-nil 3-nil 3-nil 3-nil 3-nil 3-nil. It was quite a disappointing loss well so okay um so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so to be honest. The first the first the first the first the first first first first first first first first first the first the first the first the first loss that you go off is 3-nil against against against against against against against against against walk further team you know so uh so I mean well you know well is sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting in 17th. Literally one exactly one point off of the like so I mean well well well well well well well well well so so um you know relegation zone. So I think for Jurgen klopp, I think it was very frustrating that Sarah run of.