If I'm not having a month where like an exorbitant amount of money comes well well well well well well well well well okay like okay so um I mean you know into the bank, that's that's different different different different different different different different different compared to my regular normal standard than I so like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well um you know you know feel like a failure and that's like any standard. Standard standard standard standard standard standard standard standard. So like if it's let's um okay so you know like I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well just say like I was making $5,000 a month or fifty thousand dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars uh uh like um uh uh well so a month or 500 like in in in in in in in in in my mind unless we have a month where well uh so well like like like like like like like like like like you know well I'm like tripling it out of nowhere then I didn't succeed. Succeed succeed succeed succeed succeed succeed succeed succeed. That's stupid. I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I I I I I I I I I don't I don't I don't okay I mean so uh well okay well you know know know know know know know know know know why I don't know how to put that stupid. Why do I feel that like like like like like like like like like um so I mean well okay well well way? Why because you're comparing yourself to to to to to to to to to the lifestyle of people that are way outside um I mean you know well well well well well well well well well so okay well um of our means. Yeah. Welcome to the business of a a a a a a a a a podcast. My name is Lorna Liz um okay like so you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean love and I am a success expert transformation strategist business mentor and and and and and and and and and the owner well okay well I mean so uh like I mean of a a a a a a a a a million dollar online Empire. I am obsessed with helping women receive it all in life. And in.