You have not heard about anger. It's the it's the it's the it's the it's the the the the the the the the the it's the it's the it's the it's the easiest way to make a um like like like like like like like like like I mean okay I mean uh well well podcast. Let me explain. It's a proof. Proof proof proof proof proof proof proof proof. There are certain tools that allow you okay uh okay well you know uh um like like like like like like like like like to record and edit your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will will will will will will will will will distribute well okay like well okay you know uh like your podcast for you. So it it it it it it it it it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast uh I mean you know so you know know know know know know know know know okay I mean I mean and many more you can make money money money money money money money money money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything so so well you you you you you you you you you know um okay you know you know you need to make a podcast in one one one one one one one one one place. Is arranged marriage a scary proposition okay like um well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so last year three of my friends had terrible experiences involving arranged marriage in in in in in in in in in the um you know okay you know um you know uh okay first experience. The two two two two two two two two two parties are engaged and right before the wedding the girl told I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay okay like so him that she loves somebody else in the the the the the the the the the second experience as a wedding date approached the like so like you know like like like like like like like like like you know uh so girl ran away with her boyfriend in the third experience the the the the the the the the the two parties got like I mean uh well uh you know um okay married, married, married, married, married, married, married, married, married, but within a month my friend found out that she was still in in in in in in in in in touch with um okay like I mean so so like well her ex-boyfriend and and and and and and and and and probably had an affair and asked he filed for divorce right uh so uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean well away. Such experience has made me wonder what are the reasons that make people go for an arranged matters on man.