All right, you listen to this podcast right now. London is blue. And so so so so so so so so so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so so so so so so so so so and so like I mean I mean well um so so guess what we host our our our our our our our our our podcast on anchor dot f m that's right. If so well like so I I I I I I I I I mean like you know I mean you're looking to host your own podcast. This is is is is is is is is is the easiest free way to okay well so well you know okay okay I mean get get get get get get get get get started this got a Content creation tool allows you to record and the uh so so so so so so so so so okay you know well well so well podcast right from a phone. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's right don't even need a computer, but you okay uh you know well um um um um um um um um um you know so uh can do it there too. They'll also they'll also they'll they'll they'll they'll they'll they'll they'll they'll they'll also they'll also they'll also they'll also they'll also they'll also they'll also help you you you you you you you you you distribute it which is probably the like uh I mean um so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well most challenging part, you know want to mess with that. They got you covered covered covered covered covered covered covered covered covered I mean so okay well okay uh well so and get it right on on on on on on on on on a Spotify and apple podcast as well as any other you know you know know know know know know know know know uh I mean like so so well place podcast or founds And you know what, you you you you you you you you you can monetize it to make you know I mean okay you know like I I I I I I I I I mean so so a little cash for sharing your great content with the the the the the the the the the world everything. You know I mean okay um like I mean so well. You You You You You You You You You need to make a podcast all in one individual place. So, you know like like like like like like like like like well um uh so so well I mean what head over to your app app app app app app app app app store download the anchor a poor head anchored on you know um okay well well well well well well well well well I mean you know like so FM to get started. If you're ready to launch launch launch launch launch launch launch launch launch your podcast and make it happen. This okay this okay this okay this this this this this this this this this okay this okay this okay this okay this okay this okay um like like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like so um is Reuben of the cheek. This is wien amazing amount. You're listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening to the okay okay you know well okay so well um London is blue or cocks. All right, Chelsea fans, welcome back to another episode of your favorite mid-week.