Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back back back back back back back back back welcome back welcome back to another episode of tuxedo time where we were Tuxedos and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's time. Like I mean so um so um okay um. I love I love I I I I I I I I I love I love I love I love I love I love I love cast cast cast cast cast cast cast cast cast Edition. Yes, I love that when you say it. Uh um uh um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um uh um uh um uh um uh um uh um uh um you know well well well well well well well well well like okay so you know. You sound like you're trying to be a radio announcer. You're like like like like like like like like like welcome back to uh you know well like I mean um um um another episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode of I don't want to put my microphone. We're not in the um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean well uh I mean um new studio yet because we we we we we we we we we had a little bit of a hangout if you uh like um um so so so so so so so so so okay uh so watch the Vlog that we posted at by the time you listen to to to to to to to to to this um so okay you know okay like like I mean a few weeks ago we we we we we we we we we found Mice in our basement. So we had to put you know well so um um um um um um um um um I mean uh like I mean our project on hold for a few while we get rid rid rid rid rid rid rid rid rid of that. But in um I mean okay like um um I mean like the the the the the the the the the meantime now, we're sitting in our living room. So we've now recorded a podcast you you you you you you you you you know okay so um okay like um like in three different places. This is is is is is is is is is definitely the most comfortable out of all um I mean um uh so um well well well well well well well well well I mean of them so high so, what's the plan today? Listen? I haven't seen seen seen seen seen seen seen seen seen well uh well so so like um uh you in like a week and and and and and and and and and a half sure. We have we have we have we have we have we have we we we we we we we we we have we have we have one together. Yeah. Okay. So let me rephrase that. I haven't really.