Uncle Si back in the office and in today's video, I'm going to okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so well like uh well okay um be explaining to each and every single male male male male male male male male male out there specifically how to become so I mean well well okay like well well well well well well well well well like more masculine to determine your fate. And the and the and the and and and and and and and and and the and the and the and the and the and the reason why why why why why why why why why I feel that this is I mean so well like um I mean um um um um um um um um um okay such an important topic is because people have no idea nowadays how to to to to to to to to to actually uh okay like I mean well I mean I mean uh control control control control control control control control control their Destiny or how to actually control their fate so that way they're in control of of of of of of of of of you know like um okay okay uh I mean like what they would like and and and and and and and and and as a man this is important to your success. This uh so so well well well well well well well well well like I mean uh so is ridiculously important to your happiness. And not only only only only only only only only only that if you want to become a like um well uh you know like okay um um um um um um um um um man of value so that way other men or other people in general can can can can can can can can can lean well you know well I mean well well you know I mean on you. You you you you you you you you. You're going to have to learn this. So here's the deal. If you well um um um um um um um um um so well okay okay I mean uh don't have a very high attention span, span, span, span, span, span, span, span, span, if you're a person who cannot well um um like well I mean like so sit sit sit sit sit sit sit sit sit there and focus for two to five minutes, you're not going to do very very very very very very very very very well. Like well like well like um you know well. Okay, because this this this this this this this this this video might take me a little bit to explain so grab like so you know you you you you you you you you you know you know so well well a pen grab a paper. If you can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't take five to ten minutes to learn this material you're going to be seriously flawed when it comes to the real.