Hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, it's hey, it's Melinda and welcome to the qivana podcast. The Hebrew word. Cabana is is is is is is is is is cabana is cabana is cabana is cabana is cabana is cabana is cabana is cabana is is is is is is is is is all you know so like you know well um okay you know about living your your your your your your your your your life with intention each week. I'll be featuring someone who inspires me okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um well well I mean and lives each day with purpose. My greatest. Hope is is is is is is is is is that by listening you two will be you know uh I mean well um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well inspired to wake up every morning with intention it all begins begins begins begins begins begins begins begins begins with you. With me with me with me with me with me with me with with with with with with with with with me with me with me like well like you know so uh I I I I I I I I I mean uh in the studio today and by Studio, of course, I mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, my beautiful office um I mean well so well well I mean you know is Breezy Breezy Breezy Breezy Breezy Breezy Breezy Breezy Breezy and I feel like Breezy. I always say your name like your Oprah Oprah Oprah Oprah Oprah Oprah Oprah Oprah Oprah okay like you know um like um okay like or share or Beyonce and I say say say say say say say say say it like Madonna. Okay old like um okay I mean I mean you know know know know know know know know know um okay uh Madonna that's fair to like how many people really know Madonna's last last last last last last last last last name? you know um so uh you know you know so I mean Huh? No No No No No No No No No idea Tony. Oh God. Why do you know that because it's like mine. Um Um Um Um Um Um Um Um Um okay well you know uh well you know like. Go with the guys and know that we're about to take you on a roller coaster ride through Breezies life Breezy to.