With traffic errands and parking cars can be a chore but a great car can can can can can can can can can be well I mean okay uh I mean so so um an adventure a a a a a a a a a getaway and a prized possession whatever your budget or family require. There's like so so um um um um um um um um um uh okay um okay a car out there. You'll love you'll love you'll love you'll love love love love love love love love love you'll love you'll love you'll love you'll love you'll love we're here to help you you you you you you you you you find it. Like like uh like um I mean well okay. I'm Todd. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Paul and this is the everyday driver car debate. I am I am am am am am am am am am I am I am I am I am I am I am I am so so so so so so so so so happy um you know well okay I mean um I mean so for you you you you you you you you you that you got the Lotus out the heating pads weren't you're happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy for well you know I mean well uh well um uh me. I'm thrilled thrilled thrilled thrilled thrilled thrilled thrilled thrilled thrilled for you're happy for me. Honestly driving. Sports cars in um so uh uh like like like like like like like like like you know so uh the winter sort of revelatory isn't out but just driving driving driving driving driving driving driving driving driving it period it honestly I you know well you know uh I mean so so so so so so so so so I mean you know last started it the day after Christmas because I had to get it it it it it it it it it out like well you know so um um I mean well of the garage and and and and and and and and and having some work done start start. I'm trying to wrap my um so um well well well well well well well well well you know uh um I mean head around this you started it it it it it it it it it last night started was the day after christmas. Like so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know I mean uh you know. So that's been like what three months months months months months months months months months as of this report. Last time. It moved you know um like I mean like like like like like like like like like okay like um was a month before that. Oh my gosh. So the the the the the the the the the tires by the way, so well like well uh like I mean like where there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's one thing. I mean I could tell mean granted it's not a uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like well uh uh well um heavy car is true. I could tell that the tires needed a kind of they needed to go in a circle for a bit.