It is it is it is it is it is it is it it it it it it it it it is it is it is time to take a bomp Danny calm down. It's time to to to to to to to to to talk about anchor so um like well I mean I mean I mean like our our our our our our our our our new podcast platform. The easiest way to make a podcast that is a um um um um um um um um um um um you know so you know I mean I mean good point and gives you you you you you you you you you everything you need in one place for free and you well okay um um like like like like like like like like like you know uh uh can use it right from your phone or computer at at at at at at at at at anchor you can record and well I mean um uh I mean well okay um edit and and and and and and and and and make everything that you put down on your podcast sound as good as my my my my my my my my my um like okay um so like okay um voice or you can upload a a a a a a a a a podcast that you might have recorded on another so you know uh you know I I I I I I I I I mean well like well application. Also ankle will distribute your podcast for you so it it it it it it it it it can Be heard everywhere um like I mean so well like so so Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast Google podcasts and many more. You can you can you can you can you you you you you you you you you can you can you can you can you can make easy money for your your your your your your your your your I mean well um uh I mean I mean uh you know podcast. I'm talking I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm talking I'm talking I'm talking I'm talking I'm talking I'm talking I'm talking I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm talking about real easy money with anchor right? No minimum listenership required um you you you you you you you you you know well so you know like okay uh download the anchor app or go to to to to to to to to to Anchor dot. F m-- right now. Yeah Melvin's broadcasting at a combined weight of of of of of of of of of 370 pounds representing Boston, Massachusetts. They are they are they are they are they are they are they are they are they are the podcast world's movie.