Tony you tony you tony you tony you tony you tony you tony you you you you you you you you you tony you tony you know, what's really exciting about about this podcast. It's going on. On on on on on on on on. Well, it's uh you know you know like okay I mean so well the Partnerships Partnerships Partnerships Partnerships Partnerships Partnerships Partnerships Partnerships Partnerships that we've had and and coming up in May of our Partnerships are are are are are are are are are you know well so I mean okay I mean uh you know going to be be be be be be be be be under one tent do yeah. I'm so excited. I mean this is um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay like okay so so I think the first time ever right we able able able able able able able able able to combine everybody together and it's well like you know uh well like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well awesome. Right? So while we're at hair Love retreat in May we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going to be like I mean okay um I mean so uh so we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going to be there with schedule. Is he is he is he is he is is is is is is is is is he is he is he is he is he going to be a salon? salon salon salon salon salon salon salon salon uh uh like like so okay so uh Because of course we going to to to to to to to to to be there with her love Retreats. We really so well uh so uh uh like like like like like like like like like so Mega excited about that and we have Elizabeth here and Elizabeth is okay like like like like like like like like like well okay okay so so well going to tell us like all the details because because because because because because because because because schedule acidity in the very schedule so you know like so I mean you know know know know know know know know know okay like is City way, they're going to schedule a city cares giveaway. Giveaway giveaway giveaway giveaway giveaway giveaway giveaway giveaway. Yeah, they're going to like I mean like well so well I mean well well well well well well well well well give away a ticket to handle of retreat and Miss Elizabeth phase want to give well well well well well well well well well um um well well um you know you know us all the juicy details. Details details details details details details details details. Welcome Miss Elizabeth and today's so I'm so excited I mean um well like um like like like like like like like like like like uh schedule is to be so generous to do this. Anyone can enter even if you've gotten a ticket, it doesn't matter its chosen at random.