Hey everyone, so I wanted to take a second to just tell you you you you you you you you you a um uh I mean I mean um so okay um little bit about about about about about about about about about anchor it's the app that I use to record my you know um like like like like like like like like like uh I mean you know uh uh podcasts. I absolutely love it. It's completely completely completely completely completely completely completely completely completely free. There. Are these really awesome creation um um well um you know so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone so uh I mean I mean well um um okay or your computer and anchor distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you. So you can hear it I mean uh uh I mean so so so so so so so so so uh I mean okay on Spotify Apple podcasts and many other platforms you are are are are are are are are are able to make money well I mean you know well like you know I mean um um um um um um um um um from your podcast. You don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you you you you you you you you you don't you don't you don't you don't need to have a minimum listenership. And it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's just really so okay I mean I mean um so um you know know know know know know know know know everything that you need to make a podcast in one place. So I find okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay okay okay well well it really useful and accessible and really helpful. Helpful helpful helpful helpful helpful helpful helpful helpful. You can download the free anchor app well like you know so uh so so so so so so so so so uh you know or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started and and and and and and and and and I'm you know uh well so um like uh well telling you it's just like like like like like like like like like the easiest way to get your feet wet and jump into like okay you you you you you you you you you know okay so so like you know creating your own podcast. I love it. I'm going in search of witches witches, which is I guess you found me out, huh?.