Hey Josh, hey Josh, hey Josh, hey Josh, hey Josh, hey Josh, hey Josh, hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey Josh, hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey just hey just hey just hey just hey just hey just hey just hey just just just just just just just just just jokes like you know okay uh you know uh you know okay listeners before we we we we we we we we we get into this episode. I'd like I'd like I'd like I'd like I'd like I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd like I'd like I'd like I'd like to take a moment to thank our sponsor. Sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor. Um you know so so so uh you know you know. Anchor if you haven't heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard about any Kurds easiest way to make a well well like I mean you you you you you you you you you know well like uh podcast. It's free. It's doesn't cost any money. That's why we we we we we we we we we use it. There's a creation you know uh well I mean like uh um um um um um um um um um so tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know uh uh you know you know and computer makes it very simple simple simple simple simple simple simple simple simple and color distributes your pockets for you can be so you know um so okay I I I I I I I I I mean uh so heard. On Spotify on Spotify on Spotify on Spotify on Spotify on on on on on on on on on Spotify on Spotify on Spotify on Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you can can can can can can can can can make money from your podcast okay uh I mean you know um you know okay um um um um um um um um um with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast right in in in in in in in in in you know like um well you know uh I mean okay one place download the the the the the the the the the free a tinker app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- so well well like like like like like like like like like like you know you know uh to get started. I don't know. Know know know know know know know know. Yeah, that works. That was good. Remember, it's just jokes beware of her trying to bite your penis.