Welcome to another episode of the top 10s podcast daily top 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 lists. Uh like okay uh well uh so like. I'm your host Simon and in in in in in in in in in today's episode. This is the audio version of video you know so so uh okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like that we originally published on YouTube here for your listening convenience. Convenience convenience convenience convenience convenience convenience convenience convenience. If you like this I mean uh um so like uh you know like like like like like like like like like show, please do consider leaving us a review or ever get your podcasts. That That That That That That That That That would um well like like you know uh I mean um be awesome and let's get get get get get get get get get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're watching top 10 internet. Well so well so so so so so so so so so well so well so well so well so well so well so well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like I mean you know you know. And in the video today, we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're looking at the top 10 real-life spy bungles on I mean well uh well well well well well well well well well like so uh I mean the 21st of July 1973 Israeli agents of The The The The The The The The The Mossad killed a waiter in um uh well okay I mean okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know Lillehammer Norway seeking revenge for the 1972 Munich Olympics Massacre of Israeli Israeli Israeli Israeli Israeli Israeli Israeli Israeli Israeli athletes. Um uh like okay okay well you know okay. The hapless victim was innocent innocent innocent innocent innocent innocent innocent innocent innocent and had nothing to do with the terrorist attack. And I mean well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like um like the murder was just another blunder by a country attempting to to to to to to to to to conduct Spy Games like well well you know like like well uh over the the the the the the the the the years there have been some egregious Errors By secret agencies and here we well well well well well well well well well um so okay well so you know so have 10 of those Biggest Oops moments moments moments moments moments moments moments moments moments just before you get into the list. I okay you know um I mean um um um um um um um um um uh okay like will say that this is a collaboration with dr. Matthews has acne of history and headlines.com. So go over to.