What's happening what's happening what's happening what's happening what's happening what's happening happening happening happening happening happening happening happening happening what's happening what's happening what's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 26 of the how how how how how how how how how to Hardscape um so well okay I mean um you know I mean podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast where we talk to you about how you can start and grow your um um um um um um um um um well you know so I mean so um so hardscaping business in this week. Week week week week week week week week. We are going to be tackling a marketing week. That means that means that that that that that that that that that means that means that means that means that means that means that means every day day day day day day day day day um well so you know well like I mean I mean this week. You You You You You You You You You are likely going to get an episode based on the topic well so okay like like like like like like like like like I mean you know um you know of marketing. So we've got a lot of value value value value value value value value value come and actually this week so okay like um you know uh well well well well well well well well well okay is starting with today's episode is Mark Morrison. Mark is actually a longtime longtime longtime longtime longtime longtime longtime longtime longtime like like uh um um uh you know like friend of mine. He He He He He He He He He works for Intrigue media and he's here to talk with us uh um okay like like like like like like like like like um uh you know okay about acquiring the right type of Clients for your business business business business business business business business business not just any clients, but the like you know I mean so um um um um um um um um um okay well okay best clients into your business. How do I identify them and and and and and and and and and how to get well okay um um like I mean well uh them into your your your your your your your your your business as leads and where to take it from there? So an awesome uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so you know um um I mean you know interview coming up with with with with with with with with with Mark Morris and here. So without further Ado here is well uh so I I I I I I I I I mean um well so I mean our interview with Mark Morrison today. I'm joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined by Mark Morrison. He is a business development I mean like so uh you you you you you you you you you know like like like manager for intrigued media a digital marketing services provider for businesses in Canada Canada Canada Canada Canada Canada Canada Canada Canada Marcus actually a longtime friend of mine, and he's here to talk with us.