Everyone welcome back to a conversation with the boys. You did. I'm them and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm well you know like like like so um um Johan and this week. Week week week week week week week week. We've got a new segment, I guess. Yeah, so I you know so like well well well well well well well well well uh I mean so so guess we're going to try and just talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about something reason that's happened um so I mean okay uh okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh in the news and I think the bigger story which we thought was kind of of of of of of of of of entertaining I mean so uh well like well I mean I mean was Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Trump and Modi had a little chat together. So Trump went to india. Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like you know I mean you know uh so okay I mean. Oh, yes Trump went went went went went went went went went to India and then when he was there, I mean, I mean so okay um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know so okay look before we These I know everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone like beats up on Trump all the you know well well uh um uh so so so so so so so so so okay time and we've tried to avoid it because they like to be be be be be be be be be boring right now. Well okay well um I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh. I want I want I want I want I want I want I want want want want want want want want want I want I want to hear about this. Yeah, but this is hilariously like this this this this this this this this this is like you know um um well so uh um hilarious. So I think I I I I I I I I I think everyone would have seen the movie names and stuff. So um well you know like like like like like like like like like uh uh um. You're talking about Sachin Tendulkar and Virat Kohli, right? Yeah, and and and and and and and and and I mean like he um um I mean you know well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean tried his hardest to get there like to talk about them, which which which which which which which which which is good. I mean uh well you know um I mean okay okay well who's who's who's who's who's who's who's who's who's having a leave the most unqualified person to talk about Cricket? Yeah. That's very very true. But man he butchered be fucking me push it. Okay, you said.