Hey before hey before hey before hey before hey before hey before hey before before before before before before before before before hey before hey before we go to this podcast. Let me let me me me me me me me me me let me let me let me let me let me let me let me say say say say say say say say say a few things about okay like you know you know uh well okay like the the the the the the the the the mentorship group as Leaders. We know that we need the wisdom of a um um um um um um um um um so so okay I mean um I mean well mentor to help us focus on on on on on on on on on what matters and avoid costly mistakes yet, too often finding okay well like well okay so so so so so so so so so uh um that person. We trust we trust we trust we trust we trust we we we we we we we we we trust we trust we trust we trust and whose experienced is impossible. Impossible impossible impossible impossible impossible impossible impossible impossible. And then and then and then and then and then and then and then then then then then then then then then and then and then if we do find I mean uh okay like like um um um um um um um um um okay like them then on the other side of the world or is too expensive expensive expensive expensive expensive expensive expensive expensive expensive or they I mean okay well uh I mean well uh well just don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't have the time. I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been been been been been been been been been I've been I've been I've been I've been mentoring people now for over 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 years I mean well well well you know uh so you know in a a a a a a a a a one-on-one basis and at the start of this year. I've been I've been I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been thinking a a a a a a a a a lot about well I mean you know uh okay um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean how I can mentor more people how I can help more people. So I so so so so so so so so so I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I I I I I I I I I like so well I mean okay okay uh um have created an online community called called called called called called called called called the mentorship group here. You'll be able like okay well okay uh so so so so so so so so so you know you know to join me live for monthly group mentorship sessions. You You You You You You You You You can ask me questions well okay uh you know I mean uh you know know know know know know know know know um anything you like whatever you are in the world for a fraction of the the the the the the the the the cost so um I mean so you know you know so okay that that that that that that that that that this would be in. One-to-one mentorship situation. You can you can you can you you you you you you you you you can you can you can you can you can you can be part of this new intimate conversational.