Hey friends, welcome to another episode of that sounds fun. I'm your host an like like like like like like like like like okay you know like you know um so I mean EF down. So happy to to to to to to to to to be here with you today the music in the you know okay uh uh you you you you you you you you you know um so you know background, you know, it's from our good buddy. Mr. Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr. Toren Wells make sure you you know okay okay you know I mean you you you you you you you you you know okay uh grab a copy of his new album citizen of Heaven. Hey friend. Just Just Just Just Just Just Just Just Just wanted to like you know okay well so okay like so thank you for your kindness kindness kindness kindness kindness kindness kindness kindness kindness to Dave Kevin and his wife Jill this uh you know so you know know know know know know know know know like I mean uh okay week continue to send your love prayers. And if you you you you you you you you you would like to donate to um I mean well okay well well I mean um help help help help help help help help help them it's again at pray for Jill.com. They on they on they on on on on on on on on on they on they on they on they on they on they on the show show show show show show show show show is one so well so uh uh um well I mean of my favorite the one one one one one one one one one of the OG bloggers one of the original people I mean um well like like like like like like like like like well you know like so that were writing in our space one of of of of of of of of of my favorite friend. She's just hilarious Melanie I mean I mean okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like so um so Shankle. She's a she's a she's a she's a she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's a she's a she's a she's a she's a New York Times bestseller and her her her her her her her her her most recent book just came you know so um I mean uh like okay I mean out out out out out out out out out last week if called on the bright side and it is excellent. Excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent. Uh you know uh I mean okay so okay so. We jumped right in in in in in in in in in we haven't caught up in a little bit well uh so I mean okay well well well well well well well well well like uh and I think you're going to enjoy just to proper catch up between good friends. So here's a conversation with.