You have tuned into Irish Illustrated Insider. I'm Tim I'm Tim I'm Tim I'm Tim I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Tim I'm Tim I'm Tim I'm Tim I'm Tim Priester with Tim O'Malley to to to to to to to to to like um okay so okay like okay you know man Booth today on Monday, March 2nd snorting snorting snorting snorting snorting snorting snorting snorting snorting spring drills. Begin this Thursday, March so I mean uh so I I I I I I I I I mean okay uh I mean 5th or reminder to everybody. We will be having another another another another another another another another another podcast on Friday, March you know uh um so like um well um 6th. 6th 6th 6th 6th 6th 6th 6th 6th. And as we go through the spring, there's going to be a break again again again again again again again again again after like you know I mean I mean I mean you know like like like like like like like like like like that first practice, but as we go through the spring, we will try to to to to to to to to to hit I mean I mean so okay okay I mean uh okay as many podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts as we can. Take a relief following practices that are open to to to to to to to to to so uh um well like I mean like okay the media how many we have have have have have have have have have Tim we have five open by you know uh you know uh so so so so so so so so so so like well Focus and the Beauties. They're all full because that's yeah. Yeah, there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's and in the new you know you know um like I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know facility, so we'll have an opportunity. We'll have a much better vantage point. I I I I I I I I I think well I mean I mean I mean so like I mean um um um um um um um um um we mentioned that last podcast well take two hours to get a or an hour hour hour hour hour hour hour hour hour well um uh like okay like you know like to get her practice practice practice practice practice practice practice practice practice report out afterwards either because you can do a little bit okay well well well well well well well well well like okay so okay um like on your computer, right? Yeah, actually, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you're actually set up and can uh okay so you know okay so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean actually work. So we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so so so so so so so so so we're so we're so we're so we're looking forward to that before we get into spring practice and all that.