Hey, this is David. It's me, John and it's me Alec and welcome back back back back back back back back back to um okay I mean I mean like you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean another episode of multimedia Madness. Today. We're going to get into a bunch of topics topics topics topics topics topics topics topics topics including okay like uh well I mean I mean um I mean our our our our our our our our our first topic which is Spam calls and we got all sorts of stuff here here here here here here here here here spam you know you know you know so I mean like well uh calls from from from from from from from from from different parts of the country. If you if you if you if you if you if if if if if if if if if you if you if you if you know what I'm picking up, we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're discussing so so you know you know I mean okay um um this because one one one one one one one one one of our good friends in our multimedia class as we get a like so uh you you you you you you you you you know um you know I mean okay couple of snake calls, and we've been reacting reacting reacting reacting reacting reacting reacting reacting reacting to them. It's pretty funny. Stuff um stuff um stuff um stuff um stuff um um um um um um um um um stuff um stuff um stuff um stuff um well well so so I mean well um the the the the the the the the the best thing about spam calls obviously is just messing with the caller. Interesting I I I I I I I I I interesting I interesting I interesting I interesting I interesting I interesting I interesting I interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting I mean um um I mean like like I mean so stuff. Yeah, they they they they they they they they they definitely when I got my first spam collar at least one okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know well well of the earliest big walls. I remember because around like 7:00 or 8:00. And this is before my.