Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys you know know know know know know know know know I mean uh well um like you know um quickly about Spotify on on on on on on on on on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists so I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um like so uh and podcast and one place that's for free. You don't even even even even even even even even even need a premium account well like okay um so uh so so and that that that that that that that that that is great because let's face it. We are all trying to save a little little little little little little little little little okay like like you know I mean like well well bit these days. So So So So So So So So So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So you so like like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh well um never miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to with with with with with with with with with your friends I mean um uh like uh uh um like on Instagram and premium premium premium premium premium premium premium premium premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever and like like like like like like like like like well you know well okay um so like whenever you are if you're like me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, you probably have too many. The apps downloaded you know you know um uh so so so so so so so so so uh well I mean already but this one is actually useful. So if you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't done so already okay uh okay so well well you know you know download download download download download download download download download the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts so so so so so so so so so um uh well well you know so uh in the you are Library tab. Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, make sure to follow us on there. So so um I mean um like like like like like like like like like like you know well you never miss an episode of optimal living advice. Advice advice advice advice advice advice advice advice. That being said, let's get so you know I mean um like like like so so so so so so so so so into today's episode. Hello, everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody Welcome to episode 46 of optimal living advice to you you you you you you you you you know like so like I mean you know um like podcast where we take take take take take take take take take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.