It's a truth business Airbnb or otherwise, if you don't have customers I I I I I I I I I mean uh uh so well so you know like you don't have a business but but but but but but but but but with Airbnb and gets worse because you have expenses. If like like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um so you know I mean you don't have customers you will quickly lose lose lose lose lose lose lose lose lose money and eventually have to close up I mean um so like um you know know know know know know know know know well uh shop. Here's what to do. If you're if you're if you're if you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're not getting bookings 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 strategies to revitalize well well so so uh um well well your listing make your your your your your your your your your offer more appealing and to get back in search uh I mean well so well well well well well well well well well like I mean uh results ultimately winning you more bookings and possibly at a higher higher higher higher higher higher higher higher higher price point taking you I mean um well I mean like like well okay from from from from from from from from from the red into the black with your air B&B. This is Sean Rocky Rocky Rocky Rocky Rocky Rocky Rocky Rocky Rocky GH okay I mean well okay um um well I mean with with with with with with with with with Airbnb automated and let's talk about how to get get you more bookings. Bookings bookings bookings bookings bookings bookings bookings bookings. I mean um well like I mean you know like I mean. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back welcome back are being the family these eight strategies will get you more bookings you you you you you you you you you know so I mean okay you know so I mean so and I'm going to order them them them them them them them them them and level of difficulty / a level like you know you know uh okay um um um um um um um um um like um of commitment or permanence. Some of these are going to be super simple simple simple simple simple simple simple simple simple to I mean so uh so you know okay like uh implement. They're just just just just just just just just just going to be a couple of small changes. Some of them will require okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like I mean um like uh like okay some deep thought some might even even even even even even even even even require a little bit of investment and this like I mean well okay well like like like like like like like like like uh you know will really depend on why you're not getting bookings which ones that you'll implement. But by the end.