Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and and and and and and and and and hello and hello and welcome to patch and this is a podcast. That's about overwatch. OverWatch OverWatch OverWatch OverWatch OverWatch OverWatch OverWatch OverWatch. I'm always okay okay um I mean okay so okay okay amazed with much League League League League League League League League League hosting skills, huh? I'm always amazed with your hosting skills. I so okay so so so so so so so so so um you know I mean you know I mean mean, I wasn't really listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening to you. I was tuning you out. I've already I've already I've already I've already already already already already already already already already I've already I've already I've already I've already I've already listened to um um um um um um um um um okay so well I mean um you know um you enough the last last last last last last last last last two days, but welcome. We have we have we have we have we have have have have have have have have have we have we have we have we have a lot of stuff uh like like like like like like like like like like like I mean I mean I mean like to go over today. Not really because we we we we we we we we we just watch the same teams play like um so okay I mean okay I I I I I I I I I mean like for the last five weeks, but we got hero pools pools pools pools pools pools pools pools pools now. Yeah. Thanks both thanks both thanks both thanks both thanks both thanks both both both both both both both both both thanks both thanks both thanks both you know okay I mean I mean so so so so so so so so so well I mean so of you on the ends. The fuck do I was listening back back back back back back back back back to the I mean well okay so uh so uh um companion stream and you you you you you you you you you were like, oh, it's not that bad right on this pan. Okay I I I I I I I I I mean so so well you know uh you know. So now you're actually targeting me me me me me me me me me during the podcast when I saw you live I mean um you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay well say I did not that bad. But what I'm doing is I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm trying to so um um well like like I mean like dig into your own insecurities insecurities insecurities insecurities insecurities insecurities insecurities insecurities insecurities about picking Rhino. I'm so happy about it. Yeah hiring um well I mean like like like like like like like like like so so well you know happy with my selections about you. You were the worst I I I I I I I I I couldn't think of so uh you know uh okay you know okay um to like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, I woke up this morning. I thought I thought I thought I thought I I I I I I I I I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought about it. I was like all I play is hitscan Heroes.