You have not heard about anger. It's the it's the it's the it's the it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's the it's the it's the it's the it's the easiest way to make make make make make make make make make a podcast. Let well okay you know okay like okay well you know me explain. Explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain. It's a proof. There are there are there are there are there are there are are are are are are are are are there are there are there are certain tools that allow you to record and like like like like like like like like like uh uh okay so okay okay so edit your podcast, right you're from phone or or or or or or or or or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for I mean well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so so um um I mean you. So it can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can uh like I mean you know um um um um um um um um um um well like make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you you you you you you you you you need to make uh so you know like um like uh like a podcast in one one one one one one one one one place. I want I want I want I want I want I want I I I I I I I I I want I want I want to ask you a question. Are you are you you you you you you you you you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you you you you you you you you you living like you know uh well you know like you know you know the life life life life life life life life life you want to live? Everybody has a dream life. We all we all all all all all all all all all we all we all we all we all we all we all we all all all all all all all all all have that picture like well well like uh I mean so I mean in in in in in in in in in our mind not that life. You want to live my question to you is is is is is is is is is simple. Okay you know I mean um like um um you know. Are you are you you you you you you you you you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you currently currently currently currently currently currently currently currently currently living the life? Most people would say no. Well why the uh well um so you you you you you you you you you know like I mean okay answers are often somewhere close to it seems impossible. Impossible impossible impossible impossible impossible impossible impossible impossible. It's too hard. It doesn't seem feasible. Well um um uh um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean. I don't have those kind of opportunities. I don't have it in me. Me me me me me me me me. You know uh so okay you know okay I mean um. I don't I I I I I I I I I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't have the necessary resources and the most common answer is I don't know.