I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV todd. Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd. Now um okay you know um so so okay okay well look the buzz. Buzz buzz buzz buzz buzz buzz buzz buzz buzz. So excited so excited so excited so excited so excited so excited so so so so so so so so so so excited so excited so excited so excited season 3 episode 9. This episode was insane you you you you you you you you you you guys so okay so um like I mean so uh um I'm your host dj. DJ DJ DJ DJ DJ DJ DJ DJ DJ. Unfortunately Ally couldn't be with us tonight, but we'll I mean like like like like like like like like like like like um okay uh okay well um see her back next week and I'm here with with with with with with with with with with my lovely co-host a b'nai well well like well um so I mean like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh Chatman. Oh my goodness. A lot of things are up on this episode of Siesta um um um um um um um um um um I mean okay you know I mean okay you know so um Key Key Key Key Key Key Key Key Key Key up and down up and down literally honestly, okay. So who so many things well well well well well well well well well well so you know I mean okay uh so well okay happened on this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode that we need to unravel, but this episode opened up with you know uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like uh okay uh ish and Madison, which was interesting. It was interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting seeing is back in town. He's so like um like I mean uh uh you you you you you you you you you you know you know back for a little bit unfortunately has to go out to Canada Canada Canada Canada Canada Canada Canada Canada Canada Canada for another few um uh I mean so so well so um um months. Months months months months months months months months months. I'm about to see him in the episode. I'm glad to see that Madison got her little ish fixed.