What's up, y'all? It's the it's the it's the it's the it's the it's the it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's the it's the it's the it's the host of from Mount Olympus your boys boys boys boys boys boys boys boys boys boys do see Triple you know um so um okay okay okay so you know do do do do do do do do do do see you want to shoot podcasts. You want to talk about some things you want want want want want want want want want want uh so um well okay well okay um so to tell some stories. You You You You You You You You You You want you want you want you want you want you want you want you want want want want want want want want want want you want you want to crack jokes and be a comedian. You know like you you you you you you you you you you know um okay so um I mean okay. You just want to broadcast some stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff download anchor podcast to your mobile device well like so well I mean I mean well well well well well well well well well well you know I mean is free and it's easy to use. You can record record record record record record record record record record while you're at home. Okay like you know so I mean like well I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean. You can record on the go. Some of you you travel travel travel travel travel travel travel travel travel travel for work and you you know okay you know like um I mean you know know know know know know know know know know I mean okay travel far distances, you can record while on the road you don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't have okay well you know um so like so well uh to do it at home home home home home home home home home home and it's easy to use you just recorded episode um okay okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well you know you know so like you publish it. It uploads all the platforms that that that that that that that that that that you want to use it to well you know uh uh okay okay well well well well well well well well well well you know I mean and boom. You've got a podcast in your voices voices voices voices voices voices voices voices voices voices out there. So download anchor podcasts. Like I said, it's free and it's easy to use.