Hey dance, like files fans. I'm here to talk about anchor why because it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's the I mean okay so well uh I mean well like so easiest way to make make make make make make make make make make a podcast. Let me explain number one. It's free. It's like well so so so so so so so so so so well I mean like uh well you know free. It's free. I could stop there. There there there there there there there there there. But let's go on there's creation tools um well so okay so like so so so so so so so so so so so um that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your your your your your your your your phone or you know so um um you know um you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean computer. Anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So can be be be be be be be be be be heard on Spotify Apple well so you know I mean so so okay well you you you you you you you you you you know podcast and many many more. Seriously, there's places my podcast is on. I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've never heard well well well uh like well um like so of thanks. Anchor you can can can can can can can can can can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. You know okay um um um um um um um um um um okay okay so like you know like. It's everything. You need to make make make make make make make make make make a podcast in one place. I get I get I get I get I get I I I I I I I I I I get I get I get I get I get asked um well you know um um um um um um um um um um well I mean uh like you know a lot can I'm thinking of starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting a podcast. Well, I'm telling you start that podcast like um so well I mean you you you you you you you you you you know I mean so um with anchor download the free anchor app or go to to to to to to to to to to Anchor dot. F m-- to uh you know um you know you know I mean well well well well well well well well well well you know uh get started today. The following the following the following the following the following following following following following following following following following following the following the following the following the following the following is a presentation of morning drive media broadcasting from beautiful Burbank, California. This is an.