Ladies and gentlemen catches of all ages and to our listeners around the world. World world world world world world world world world. So well okay um so you know um like so. It's time for for for for for for for for for for the only podcast like at the mound rigid with your host you know you know you know know know know know know know know know know okay um like so um okay other day, bro, a meddling a good roll. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome back everyone. It's about the start uh I mean okay like I mean well well well well well well well well well well okay okay so of any number two. And before we get going we want to to to to to to to to to to give a big you know so um so um I mean you know like so so so so so so so so so so shout-out to our great friends and partner over at All Star Sports the premier premier premier premier premier premier premier premier premier premier well okay I mean I mean uh you know I mean well okay enhance enhance enhance enhance enhance enhance enhance enhance enhance enhance quality catching equipment. If you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're if you're if you're if you're if you're looking to enhance your receiving game going going going going going going going going going going over so uh uh like well okay okay uh okay to their website www.ultratrust.com star star star star star star star star star star sports.com and you will find an array of great training okay you know know know know know know know know know know um uh I mean uh so um okay gloves anywhere from the donut to to to to to to to to to to The Equalizer to the focus framer or even the I mean well uh okay um um um um um um um um um um uh like you know like glove that was designed by our very own Chris news. News news news news news news news news news. The pocket the pocket the pocket the pocket the pocket the pocket the pocket the the the the the the the the the the pocket the pocket the pocket All Star Sports is on the Leading Edge of Sporting Goods technology, and the.