What's up, everybody? Emiliano man's in here? And I and I and I and I I I I I I I I I I and I and I and I and I and I and I just want to to to to to to to to to to give a quick shout-out well so so you know okay um you know I I I I I I I I I I mean okay and a quick thank you to everybody who tuned in and listening to my my my my my my my my my my so so well uh okay like you know I mean um podcast and minor minor minor minor minor minor minor minor minor minor Manson podcast every week. What made me want to start a like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean um uh I mean so so okay podcast you ask? Well when I was was was was was was was was was was trying to get this one so well you know like so like okay um um um um um um um um um um okay off the ground. He know me. I had a lot of questions basic simple simple simple simple simple simple simple simple simple simple um okay well so you know um um you know um questions. Like how how how how how how how how how how do I record an episode? How do how do how do how do do do do do do do do do do how do how do how do how do how do how do I get my my my my my my my my my my like like like uh I mean um well well um show into like All the the the the the the the the the the apps all the major markets. Is it even possible um so I I I I I I I I I I mean well um so well um um to make money from my podcast? Well, I I I I I I I I I I got the answer ladies and gentlemen, it was you know like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um like so like very simple anchor Anchor. Yeah, man. Anchor is a a a a a a a a a a One-Stop shop for recording hosting and okay um okay so uh uh you know uh you you you you you you you you you you know distributing your podcast and you ain't even got to pay nothing. It's all free. Free free free free free free free free free. It's 100% it's 100% it's 100% it's 100% it's 100% it's 100% it's 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% it's 100% it's 100% it's 100% free and it's so easy to use so easy. Easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy. And now and now and now and now and now and now and now and now and now and now anchor they can.