Hello and welcome to episode 3 of the Privacy right podcast. I'm Noel boivin boivin boivin boivin boivin boivin boivin boivin boivin boivin senior I mean um like well like so so I mean uh Communications officer officer officer officer officer officer officer officer officer officer with the office of the information and privacy commissioner for British columbia. Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well okay so so you know you know like so I mean. And this and this this this this this this this this this this and this and this and this and this and this and this and and and and and and and and and and this and this is part of our privacy right educational series privacy, right? right right right right right right right right right Aims to aims to aims to aims to aims to aims to aims to to to to to to to to to to aims to aims to aims to connect uh I mean um um I I I I I I I I I I mean um like you know so British Columbia's personal information protection act or HIPAA to to to to to to to to to to the everyday work of the more uh you know um okay I mean so so so so so so so so so so so like you know than 1 million organizations that collect use or Close personal information information information information information information information information information information in this province. Like okay well so um well okay like you know. We want want want want want want want want want want organizations to think more about the sheer volume of personal information. They collect and process process process process process process process process process process you know okay like okay uh so uh uh I mean everyday their legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal obligations to safeguarded under pipa and how our office can well okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay uh well you know help. It's about getting privacy right to to to to to to to to to to build and maintain Trust. Today, we're discussing a well like you know you know know know know know know know know know know um you know okay okay um topic that hits home literally for the estimated 1.5 million people who live in strata housing in this province.