Welcome to episode 1 of version final a podcast about where ideas come from. From from from from from from from from from. Today's guest I mean uh I mean okay you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean is Xavier Tio Dave is the executive creative director at cnx cnx cnx cnx cnx cnx cnx cnx cnx cnx leading a team okay um uh I mean I mean okay you know know know know know know know know know know um well of talented creative designers and producers. He's worked at agencies all over over over over over over over over over over the um so uh okay um well um okay um world starting at Ogilvy and Singapore Singapore Singapore Singapore Singapore Singapore Singapore Singapore Singapore Singapore before working at modernista in Boston and anomaly in um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay like like so um New York and then joining Conde nast. Nast Nast Nast Nast Nast Nast Nast Nast Nast. I hear he's also a fine like I mean like so okay you know know know know know know know know know know so I mean I mean artist electronic music Aficionado and an all-around good guy guy guy guy guy guy guy guy guy guy and he'll be our co-host so uh you know so so uh like like like like like like like like like like like uh from time to time throughout version final here are a couple highlights from our our our our our our our our our our uh like you know I mean you know like well um uh conversation. We We We We We We We We We We talked about how they became interested in advertising when he was young. Um so so so so so so so so so so um so um so um so um so um so um so um so um um um um um um um um um um so um so so so you know I mean you know like well. Well well well well well well well well well. And suddenly this is guy who came into the scene and we all know who who who who who who who who who who um you know so uh okay you know like like uh he is, which is is is is is is is is is is Michael Jordan and I was really young. I was I was I was I I I I I I I I I I was I was I was I was I was I was I was a teen I was looking at this guy. Who's that? Oh my God. This guy's amazing. I'll.