Forty-seven Point forty-seven Point forty-seven Point forty-seven Point forty-seven Point forty-seven Point forty-seven Point forty-seven forty-seven forty-seven forty-seven forty-seven forty-seven forty-seven forty-seven forty-seven forty-seven Point forty-seven Point forty-seven Point loss to the Dockers cancel VAR D in Kennedy play play play play play play play play play play in uh like so so like uh um uh uh the same team record record record record record record record record record record membership number in March will we during the Australian um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so um you know so um so by the end of the season who's who's who's who's who's who's who's who's who's who's locked themselves in for round one? What do um uh so uh like like like like like like like like like like you know you know I mean uh we want to see against Brisbane in in in in in in in in in in Marsh Series game two and a fantastic win uh well you know um like you you you you you you you you you you know you know okay um against last year's premiers the crows in the the the the the the the the the the AFL. W we discuss this and more um uh okay well okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so well on the blue bag is Welcome to the blue bag has I'm andy. So So So So So So So So So So so um like so uh uh so uh. I'm here with Chris. How are you you you you you you you you you you Chris? Yeah, I'm going well, how you doing? you know you know know know know know know know know know know um well okay like um like well Andy really good. Thank you thank you thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you you you you you you you you you you apologies that we're releasing this a few days later than we okay okay so you you you you you you you you you you know like I mean like uh so would have liked. I actually I actually I I I I I I I I I I actually I actually I actually I actually I actually I actually I actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually I actually had a bit of a vacation early early you know so well I I I I I I I I I I mean you know well well okay uh you vacation. So this so this so so so so so so so so so so this so this so this so this so this so this so this so this is is is is is is is is is is the first time we've been able to catch up apologies won't be this long for the next pod to come.