You're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening you're listening you're listening you're listening to a purple Radio podcast with me probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably share our for rights so like um you know uh um uh um well reasons reasons reasons reasons reasons reasons reasons reasons reasons reasons the music in this podcast is shorter than the original version on demand. Like okay like like like like like like like like like like okay like okay like okay like okay like okay like okay like okay like like like like like like like like like like okay like okay um well okay like uh um well. So a big warm welcome to my my my my my my my my my my guests on the show tonight and a Colgan and like um so okay like you know know know know know know know know know know like you know you know loose and Berkeley the InStep presidents your oh, yeah, and and and and and and and and and and of course, we've got a uh um um okay uh you know okay um um um um um um um um um um well lot of things to talk about We're not gonna get into it just just just just just just just just just just straight away uh I mean okay so you know um okay so you know no no no no no no no no no no first. Of all just tell us about yourselves and ye introduce yourself to listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners like okay okay like okay I mean you know you know um at home. Home home home home home home home home home. I know you very well, but obviously people at home though. So well so well so well well well well well well well well well well so well so well so well so well so well so well so well well well well well well well well well well I mean like um like you know like well so yeah. Okay, I'll go go go go go go go go go go first. Hi. I'm Hannah I'm Hannah I'm Hannah I'm Hannah I'm Hannah I'm Hannah I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Hannah I'm Hannah I'm Hannah I'm Hannah Colgan a second year from Hill Hill Hill Hill Hill Hill Hill Hill Hill Hill bead well well like um you know like um you know well studying physical geography geography geography geography geography geography geography geography geography geography from London. Yeah, that's it. That's great. That's great. That's well that's well that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's well that's well that's well that's well that's well that's well that's well well well well well well well well well well that's well um so um I mean okay so um you know perfect. That's what what what what what what what what what what you wanted and you lose it. Hi. I'm Lucy. I uh well well well well well well well well well well well I mean uh okay well uh so said, I'm not sure Sciences. I'm also a a a a a a a a a a second-year student from Hill beard. Me and me and me and me and me me me me me me me me me me and me and me and me and me and me and Hannah live next door to each their last year. Yeah, and.