Friends, I'm going to interject for just one second. Have you ever thought about about about about about about about about about about I mean okay you know you know like I mean um well uh starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting your own podcast? You know you have if you haven't heard about anchor like like like like like like like like like like uh like like um well like okay uh it's the easiest way to make make make make make make make make make make a podcast. Let me explain first and foremost, it's uh um okay like um um um um um um um um um um uh okay I mean you know free. That means no money out of your your your your your your your your your your pocket. Anchor has anchor has anchor has anchor has anchor has anchor has has has has has has has has has has anchor has anchor has anchor has anchor has creation tools that uh um so so so so so so so so so so well well so like well uh allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or computer. It's just you know uh well okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well so that easy anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can can can can can can can can can can be heard um like so you know so like so I mean you know know know know know know know know know know on Spotify Apple podcast and many more the soap opera royalty podcast is on eight like like like like like like like like like like um um uh uh well okay uh you know different. Forms all thanks to to to to to to to to to to Anchor friends you can make money from your podcast and like so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like you know you know okay you don't have to have any minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. Anchor is everything you need to make like okay okay like you know you know know know know know know know know know know well I mean you know a podcast in one place. So what so what what what what what what what what what what so what so what so what so what so what so what so what what what what what what what what what what so what do you do download the free anchor app okay like so so so so so so so so so so like you know okay you know um uh or go to Anchor dot? dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot F m-- to get started and now back to the podcast. Hi friends, welcome to the soap opera royalty podcast.