This episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this this this this this this this this this this episode this episode this episode this episode features discussion of kidnapping and violence that some people people people people people people people people people people may find defensive you know uh I mean I mean you know like like like like like like like like like like um I mean I mean listener discretion is advised. March 16th 1978 61 year year year year year year year year year year old former Italian Prime uh well you know I mean okay um um um um um um um um um um um um um Minister Aldo Maura stared in shock at his dead driver and bodyguards. They had they they they they they they they they they they had they had they had they had they had they had they had they had had had had had had had had had had they had been I mean um okay so so you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean taking him to work when the car was ambushed by armed gunman gunman gunman gunman gunman gunman gunman gunman gunman gunman suddenly the car I mean like you know okay um uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay door flung open Aldo was lifted out of his seat and dragged across the the the the the the the the the the Narrow street. Okay okay like uh so I mean well you know uh. He shouted shouted shouted shouted shouted shouted shouted shouted shouted shouted let me go. What do you want from me? But his captors didn't um um um um um um um um um um so you know like you know um like so so reply. They simply simply simply simply simply simply simply simply simply simply they simply they simply they simply they simply they simply they simply they they they they they they they they they they simply they simply they simply shoved Aldo into one of three waiting Fiats and and and and and and and and and and sped off. Like uh like like well you know um so well. Inside the the the the the the the the the the car Aldo's kidnappers white the blood spatters from his face and blindfolded him then one of the men informed him that he just been abducted by the red brigades.