Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. This podcast series is based on you know uh uh I mean well well you you you you you you you you you you know you know um the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing Publishing Publishing Publishing Publishing Publishing Publishing Publishing Publishing Publishing House and youth like um uh so um like you know you know okay Ministries websites. Websites websites websites websites websites websites websites websites websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see you grow in you know you you you you you you you you you you know um you know uh so okay like uh your personal relationship with Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Christ through your daily time with him. Remember okay so okay uh like you you you you you you you you you you know well so well your daily devotion matters. March 7th entitled entitled entitled entitled entitled entitled entitled entitled entitled entitled the blessing of submission today will like I mean well like well well you you you you you you you you you you know so you know be reading from number 17 verses 8 through 10. Then Then Then Then Then Then Then Then Then Then Moses sent to Cora here. So you so you so you so you so you you you you you you you you you you so you so you so you so you so you know um okay I mean like like like like like like like like like like um uh you know. Now you now you now you now you now you now now now now now now now now now now you now you now you now you now you sons of Levi it is a small small small small small small small small small small thing to you that the so um like like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay god of Israel has separated you from the congregation of Israel to bring you you you you you you you you you you near I mean you know well I mean uh like um you know I mean to himself to do the work of the Tabernacle of the Lord and to stand.