This episode is brought to you by the think with Google podcast. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Tess like okay I mean like okay so like I mean okay vigeland the the the the the the the the the the host of the think with Google podcast. And in this I mean okay you know know know know know know know know know know uh so I mean well like well show, we're going to explore the the the the the the the the the the future of marketing. So you and your marketing team um so like so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like uh can stay ahead of the curve the first episode of the the the the the the the the the the think with Google podcast you know well I mean so uh okay uh like like like like like like like like like like okay drops on March 5th. You can you can you can you can you you you you you you you you you you can you can you can you can you can you can listen on Spotify or wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever you listen you know so like like you know like um okay uh to podcasts. Podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts. From Yuma is reply all and BJ vote and I'm Alex goldman. You know know know know know know know know know know well uh I mean uh uh well I mean well. Socks mmm I'm going going going going going going going going going going to tell you a story that I think you sort so okay like well well well well well well well well well well okay I mean um so okay of remember but maybe don't know the details of of of of of of of of of of okay, so last spring I like um okay well okay so so so um went went went went went went went went went went to a therapist because I was having hard time with a bunch of stuff you you you you you you you you you you know I mean okay you know so I mean so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean and I was complaining to this therapist. It's like yeah, I'm just uh well well well well well well well well well well I mean you know so so I mean I mean okay like so obsessed with this. I can't something about this and the therapist said something.