All right, I hate doing this but we got to pay the bills and I I I I I I I I I I mean um okay you know so well I mean okay so I don't know how how how how how how how how how how you're listening to this podcast right now. Thank you for listening okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well okay I mean uh uh by the way, but if you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make like okay uh I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know I mean so a podcast. I know everybody's been been been been been been been been been been locked up during this quarantine and a few people have well you know okay well well well well well well well well well well so uh okay okay um reached out to me and asked for advice advice advice advice advice advice advice advice advice advice on how to get their podcast started well well um so well you know um um um um um um um um um um okay uh or distribute it out there and anchors the best way to to to to to to to to to to do it. It's um uh you know you know you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and and and and and and and and and and edit the podcast, right? Your uh well so so um like uh well so phone or or or or or or or or or or your computer? You can have your fans leave messages. Thank you to those um um um um um um um um um um so okay um like you know um well um of you that have been doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing that by the way, keep them come um um I mean like uh um you you you you you you you you you you know okay so and keep harassing us and anchor will distribute the podcast for you you you you you you you you you you and can be like I mean like well uh like um you know like heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch more this so many um so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know so well uh well channels that are podcast is on some of of of of of of of of of of them. I never even heard of you know uh uh so uh well so so so so so so so so so so like so so it does the work for you and you can make money from your your your your your your your your your your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can you can you can you can you you you you you you you you you you can you can you can you can you can you can just hit the ground running.