Ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and and and and and and and and and and ladies and ladies and ladies and gentlemen before we get started here. If you if you you you you you you you you you you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard about um well like so um well so um um anchor it's the the the the the the the the the the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. So like like like like like like like like like like like like so I mean um I mean I mean. There's creation there's creation there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from you know know know know know know know know know know okay um um well like um well I mean your phone or computer anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor distributes your podcast for you. So you can be um um like okay okay well well well well well well well well well well well like so heard on Spotify Apple podcast and whatever else they distribute to to to to to to to to to to you can make okay well um okay uh so I mean um you know money money money money money money money money money money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like um I mean uh you know so um make a podcast in in in in in in in in in in one place. Download the free anchor app or go to you know you know know know know know know know know know know I mean okay um I mean uh okay okay Anchor dot f m-- to get get get get get get get get get get started. Thank you. And here and here and here and here and here and here and and and and and and and and and and here and here and here and here we go. Ladies and I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean like um so uh uh uh um gentlemen, thank you for tuning in. This This This This This This This This This This is the Hawkeye Outdoors podcast. We're you know uh uh so I mean well well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um no longer Hawkeye waterfowl. We felt it. Waterfowl kind of just kept us on on on on on on on on on on um like uh uh well like um okay I mean one basis and we we we we we we we we we we kind of do a little bit of this that and uh well like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay uh you know um everything else. So we changed the name Hawkeye Outdoors. Hopefully that brings a lot more cool stuff to.