Hello, welcome everybody here to another edition of the mag bitter truth podcast. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. I mean um well uh like so like like I mean. Yeah the the the the the the the the the the platform they will reason it up talk about things. You know, okay well um um um um um um um um um um so I mean so um um like no rush. Here we go. Get into it. It it it it it it it it it. Here we go. Talk about some things well well um well like so uh like like like like like like like like like like like today we go get into it. And basically and basically and basically and basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically and basically and basically and basically and basically and basically and basically we go talk about about about about about about about about about about the system the you know like you know okay well um uh okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh system that's running the whole game around us right now. That's why you um well well well well well well well well well well okay so uh well uh you know I mean have a Mac bitter bitter bitter bitter bitter bitter bitter bitter bitter bitter truth to break it down and I'm going to get into it um you know know know know know know know know know know I mean well uh well I mean well uh because a lot of people said, oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh my God, you break down this boy. You well I mean so um uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so like don't break. Don't die dog. You don't get into certain things, but I I I I I I I I I I get into what okay uh well well so uh I mean you know well I I I I I I I I I I know about. You know what I mean? We gonna we gonna we gonna we we we we we we we we we we gonna we gonna we gonna we gonna we gonna we gonna we gonna talk about that. That that that that that that that that that. Also, it's stuff well well like so well you know so so okay that that that that that that that that that that I get into is what I know about stuff that I can understand and get to toy with you understand. Yeah,.