New ideas new ideas new ideas new ideas new ideas new ideas new ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas new ideas new ideas new ideas thought leading opinions and the latest ways of working. This This This This This This This This This This is the podcast. Okay like uh uh uh so um I mean like. Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, you're hello, you're hello, you're hello, you're hello, you're hello, you're hello, you're hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, you're hello, you're hello, you're listening to the school leadership podcast brought to to to to to to to to to to you by neht and naht I mean well uh so you know so okay well well well well well well well well well well okay Edge. This month's episode is a technology special in which we asked whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether well I mean uh so like uh like like you know technology can can can can can can can can can can support learning or if it's simply an enormous distraction. We consider what the you know know know know know know know know know know um well so well uh uh I mean I mean next big Ed Tech development development development development development development development development development development is likely to be and also this Gus uh so like you know like like like like like like like like like like like you know like okay whether or not mobile devices should be banned from schools entirely entirely entirely entirely entirely entirely entirely entirely entirely entirely engaging content and you know okay like you know okay so so um I mean revealing revealing revealing revealing revealing revealing revealing revealing revealing revealing insights in conversation with James Bowen Our Guest this month is Daisy christodoulou. I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean so you know um like um I mean like. Daisy will be be be be be be be be be be well known to our regular podcast listeners. She's a former teacher and like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um so um well uh the author of a number of education-based books days. He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's also he's also he's also he's also he's also he's also he's also he's also also also also also also also also also also he's also he's also currently the director of like you know okay so um um um um um um um um um um like you know okay okay education at no more marking a provider of online comparative judgment in her latest book teaches versus.