Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to episode 155 of the Marvel Studios News News News News News News News News News News podcast. My name is Sean Gerber um you know like like I mean you know know know know know know know know know know like well you know joined by Paul Herman. How you doing? Paul? I'm getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting over being sick okay like you know uh I mean you know uh well well well well well well well well well well uh and just getting over being sick. I'm fine. But just it's weird weird weird weird weird weird weird weird weird weird being sick and like uh uh okay I mean I mean like okay uh trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying to recoup its weird. But I'm headed. I'm headed the right way. I'm um uh like like like like like like like like like like so well um um well you know headed the right direction. I think I I I I I I I I I I think I think I think I think I think I think I think think think think think think think think think think I think I think so, but yeah, thanks for asking. I'm glad you're okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so um I mean I mean I mean so okay on. On the on the the the the the the the the the the on the on the on the on the on the on the on on on on on on on on on on the on the mend we did a couple patreon exclusive shows over the weekend I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um well okay like well like you know or Friday night and you were were were were were were were were were were sounding a little rough. But at least you know, okay okay uh I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean well um you know uh you stuck it out for our wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful patrons absolutely over there, which I know I mean I mean um well I mean you you you you you you you you you you know um you know uh they appreciate so for this episode or actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually before I get started with the um uh like like like like well well well well well well well well well well like like episode make sure you're following us on our Instagram at Marvel Studios Studios Studios Studios Studios Studios Studios Studios Studios Studios news. I'm doing okay I mean I mean well like okay so I mean like like like like like like like like like like a lot of things over there doing daily MCU trivia, some of you are I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh okay like well you know okay I mean doing very very well. Well well well well well well well well well. Good job, good job, good job, good job, good job, good job, good job, good job, job, job, job, job, job, job, job, job, job, good job, good job, but also we gave I put up a post on their a week or so ago offering an opportunity.