This is your everyday positivity here on Vale. Hello. I'm Kate Crocker. I hope you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're okay so like well well okay uh um you know well today. Do you think think think think think think think think think think you are challenging yourself enough? I had a moment this you know so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay um um um I mean week with my coach about accountability and and and and and and and and and and I was really surprised. It's always really surprising well so so so I mean uh well well well well well well well well well well uh uh when you think I've got that bit sorted and I'm always really really really really really really really really really really good at that uh you know okay well well like uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean and then someone asks you a question and you go always like that. I think think think think think think think think think think you know so uh okay uh uh uh I mean I mean I'm good at at at at at at at at at at that or the time actually good at that so I have been so um I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean like uh okay okay okay challenged this week and And it's hard. It's hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard it's hard it's hard it's hard it's hard it's hard it's hard it's hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard it's hard it's hard pushing yourself through those challenges. It uh uh um uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay um well feels uncomfortable you get that vulnerable feeling around your heart heart heart heart heart heart heart heart heart heart and you your instinct uh like well you know uh so so like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean says right. I need I need I need I need I need I need need need need need need need need need need I need I need I need I need to move away from this. I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't want to go there t you know so well like well okay um you know know know know know know know know know know I mean harv Eker in his book. The millionaire mindset says life gets easy when when when when when when when when when when you do well okay I mean okay so so you know okay okay the the the the the the the the the the hard stuff and challenging yourself is about doing the hard stuff. So something you know like like like like like like like like like like um so okay uh well well uh is really challenging you at the moment leaning take it on and know that when you come out the other side.