Hello, my name is Kate Coker. And this and this and this and this and and and and and and and and and and this and this and this and this and this and this is your everyday positivity uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um you know um you know so okay on Vale. I was was was was was was was was was was scrolling through Facebook the other day and someone suggested a Stevie like okay okay well like like like like like like like like like like uh so so you know Wonder song as the best song on the planet. Planet planet planet planet planet planet planet planet planet. Can you beat it? And all well I mean so I mean so so so so so so so so so so so so so you know it did for me was remind me of the greatest greatest greatest greatest greatest greatest greatest greatest greatest greatest TV Wonder song for me well okay well I mean I mean like um you you you you you you you you you you know well of all time, which is called Love's in Need of Love Today. I mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, first of like so I mean you know okay uh uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean all when you come up with a song lyric like that, you've got to go. Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay well okay uh so I mean well well like. Um, man, I've nailed life love love love love love love love love love love is in need of Love Today and He's like like um uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know so okay my favorite Stevie Wonder song and I love sitting and and and and and and and and and and listening to it the message so okay you know like um like um well well well well well well well well well well okay on it. Is that Love's in Need of Love today? We need to to to to to to to to to to give the okay well well so you know so um well uh love back to ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves to for loved it. It's that cycle and I wanted to okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um uh so so uh get you to consider that you can can can can can can can can can can apply this to lots of things in uh um I mean okay so so so so so so so so so so I mean okay like you know your life and fundamentally you are in need of you today. So put some time aside today to really do something that brings you Joy.