Hey, welcome back for for the road everybody in the house punk rock. We're here we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're here we're here we're here we're here we're here we're here we're here we're here here here here here here here here here here we're here okay well well uh you know um so you know like with Usual suspects. Suspects Suspects Suspects Suspects Suspects Suspects Suspects Suspects Suspects. We also got Dennis the founder operator and super gangster from you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay like so you know um I mean Murder Town USA. Our favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite clothing company. That is how you doing today man. Doing you know okay well well well well well well well well well well uh I mean like okay uh well great man. Yeah if yeah if yeah if yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah if yeah if yeah if yeah if yeah if yeah if yeah if you excited this this this this this this this this this this year, it's like a first thing right for yeah. Okay uh well well like like like like like like like like like like okay uh so you know. I have I have I have I have I I I I I I I I I I have I have I have I have I have I have never done a a a a a a a a a a podcast before. Hey severe that's case scenario, but I I mean you know well well well well well well well well well well like um I mean well you know well like you guys so fuck it. It it it it it it it it it. Get the get the get the get the get the get the get the get get get get get get get get get get the get the get the fucking bucket. Let's do this. Yeah. Okay okay well well well well well well well well well well okay so so so I mean so. Well, don't worry about it. Nobody listens to to to to to to to to to to us. Anyway so anyway so anyway so anyway so anyway so anyway so anyway so so so so so so so so so so anyway so anyway so anyway so fucking yeah, we got like you know so so so so so so so so so so you know well like uh okay okay I mean real faithful follower and I feel bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad every time we put something out because I like you know well like so you you you you you you you you you you know so uh like know we're just letting him down. Yeah. Hell yeah, don't worry and and and and and and and and and and don't worry. Dennis is giving out free t-shirts. Everybody likes this video. That's not true.