When I made the decision to document the storage papers in the form of um um um um um um um um um um so you know you know well like so like you know a podcast, I found anchor to to to to to to to to to to be the easiest way to create it by using anchor uh uh uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know like well so I'm able to share this show with you absolutely free. Free free free free free free free free free. Anchor gives you everything you so well you know well so I mean uh you you you you you you you you you you know okay need in one place and you can produce the show right right right right right right right right right right from your phone tablet uh okay well um um uh so so like or computer. Computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer. They're easy they're easy they're easy they're easy they're easy they're easy they're easy they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're easy they're easy they're easy to use creation tools allow anyone with the app um um um um um um um um um um um you know I mean I mean uh um so I mean to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit a podcast. It so it sounds great. They'll even distribute like uh well I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean so okay you know well your podcast for you. So So So So So So So So So So it can be heard everywhere podcasts can be found that so so um so well uh well well well well well well well well well well uh so includes Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and more. You can also easily make money well well well well well well well well well well I mean like well um uh you know like you know from your podcast with no minimum listenership. Listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. So download the anchor app or go to you know you know you know um um um um um um um um um um like so um okay I mean Anchor dot f m-- to get started and let me know when you do so I can check out your show.