Hello and welcome to the walking of podcast. I'm TJ. And today and and and and and and and and and and today and today and today and today and today and today and today and today today today today today today today today today today and today we are well okay um I mean like well like um okay recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording from the Bethke home in Maui after a crazy secrets of events that we will will will will will will will will will will um uh okay um uh I mean you know so uh share on this podcast intro intro intro intro intro intro intro intro intro intro song says that that that you're good. It's the it's the it's the it's the it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's the it's the it's the it's the it's the it's the intro you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um well so uh like like I mean song inches on the addressing. It's the intro song song song song song song song song song song intro song We're not in our well so um so I mean uh okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay basement at our home. Hey, that's pretty I liked it. Yeah, welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh like uh like uh like uh like uh like uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh like uh you know uh well um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know. Thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you you you you you you you you you you thank you thank you thank you thank you for listening. So thankful that you make us us us us us us us us us us a part of your um um like you know uh um like um well well well well well well well well well well week. It's so it's so it's so it's so it's so it's so it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's so it's so it's so it's so humbling to know that I'm always so grateful grateful grateful grateful grateful grateful grateful grateful grateful grateful Brooke less okay um you know I mean um um okay okay like so but me because because because because because because because because because because my heart is full. I'm way more thankful. We are this episode's gonna so well well well well well well well well well well um you know like I mean well like so be a little different. I I I I I I I I I I might sound a little different Brooks coffin into the mic that I mean you know know know know know know know know know know well you know so uh well uh you know might be a little different right right right right right right right right right right because we are in the office of Jeff and Elizabeth key. We've already taken everything valuable out.