Hi, POTUS. I hope you're doing well. Today's episode is when did disability become so so so so so so so so so so like like like um like I mean okay like so taboo? So I speak to to to to to to to to to to you the amazing Sophie Butler who is a fitness influencer I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean you know you know so like like so and also a wheelchair user user user user user user user user user user we discuss her accident and how she came to you know you know okay like well well well well well well well well well well I mean well um like be disabled or to have a disability. And also and also and and and and and and and and and and also and also and also and also and also and also and also and also also also also also also also also also also the way that the World you know well I mean so well so so so so so so so so so so you know you know okay perhaps disables us more than injuries accidents or disabilities disabilities disabilities disabilities disabilities disabilities disabilities disabilities disabilities disabilities that were born with may well I mean so well well I mean um so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean do which might seem like a confusing concept. Act but act but but but but but but but but but but act but act but act but act but act but act but act but but but but but but but but but but act but it's basically the idea of like um so uh uh I I I I I I I I I I mean like uh I mean ableism and how the world is set up for people people people people people people people people people people who are able-bodied as opposed okay um uh like well okay you know um so to to to to to to to to to to those of us who perhaps can't function in a very specific way. It okay so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean uh uh okay okay uh was so inspiring to people Sophia, and I I I I I I I I I I think it's a really interesting conversation. Uh you know you know you know um like like like like like like like like like like so well well. I really hope you enjoy it as always. Please do rate review And And And And And And And And And And subscribe. Bye. Hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, and welcome to adulting today. I am joined by Sophie Butler.