Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to haken in Animal Crossing podcast your podcast dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated to all things uh like okay so um I mean okay like I mean Animal Crossing Crossing Crossing Crossing Crossing Crossing Crossing Crossing Crossing Crossing episode 120 is brought to you by Lindsay Hiller one of our so you know know know know know know know know know know um you know um um well so so newest patreon patrons today Sergio and and and and and and and and and and I are going to go over the week's countdown well I mean I mean well well well well well well well well well well well um uh you know um questions talk about all the new information. We learned learned learned learned learned learned learned learned learned learned from PAX East and there will I mean uh okay so like like like like like like like like like like like like you know okay be a very special interview with Great Fairy. Carrie and her experience playing playing playing playing playing playing playing playing playing playing Animal Crossing New um well like so uh I mean like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh Horizons at PAX East so to begin. Hello Sergio. How you doing? Hello. Chewy. Chewy Chewy Chewy Chewy Chewy Chewy Chewy Chewy Chewy. I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I'm uh I'm uh so so okay um um okay you know I mean doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing pretty awesome. You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you you you you you you you you you you know, you know, you know, you know, it's been a really productive week. But in in in in in in in in in in I mean like I mean I mean well um I mean okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean terms of Animal Crossing, it's been a lot of weight. It's been it's been it's been been been been been been been been been been it's been it's been it's been it's been it's been it's been it's been filled filled filled filled filled filled filled filled filled filled with so okay okay like you know so okay I mean like a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of news and then I also got some amiibo cards. I mean putting well so you know know know know know know know know know know so like uh so well um those in the album's and it's just been a great great week. Yeah, you sent me a picture of the Box you got.