What's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, what's up, what's up, what's up, ladies and gents? I'm Owen and I'm zach. Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach. I'm Charlie and where I mean well I mean like so you know know know know know know know know know know uh you know well the Kool-Aid Jammers today. We will be discussing the fabulous short short short short short short short short short short story lamb to uh well okay uh I mean you know uh um I I I I I I I I I I mean the slaughter by Roald Dahl. It will be discussing plot characters setting conflict conflict conflict conflict conflict conflict conflict conflict conflict conflict in irony so so I mean I mean okay so like like like like like like like like like like like like in the short story lamb to the slaughter. This book was written by the prestigious Roald Roald Roald Roald Roald Roald Roald Roald Roald Roald uh so so okay um like uh uh um Dahl. He was born in 1916 and and and and and and and and and and unfortunately died in 1990. He is most famously known I mean I mean um well well well well well well well well well well uh like so I mean like for writing Charlie and the Chocolate Factory The BFG and and and and and and and and and and Matilda. He has like okay uh okay well okay well okay I mean sold over over over over over over over over over over 250 million copies worldwide. What a what a what a what a what a what what what what what what what what what what a what a what a what a what a legend now, let's talk about about about about about about about about about about the plot I mean okay I mean like like um okay okay like like like like like like like like like like Expedition begins when Mary Maloney is waiting in her house for her husband turned from uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so um well you know well I mean so okay work. It seemed it seemed seemed seemed seemed seemed seemed seemed seemed seemed seemed it seemed it seemed it seemed it seemed it seemed it seemed it seemed seemed seemed seemed seemed seemed seemed seemed seemed seemed it seemed to be a normal night for mr. Millhone, but he um uh like like like like like like like like like like uh well I mean so well like seemed to be acting unusual. He's drinking stronger drink than usual to miss Maloney knew something was up.