Welcome to this tutorial project podcast where we talk about human child trafficking this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode is like uh I mean well um you know so like um going to be about adrenochrome. Adrenochrome adrenochrome adrenochrome adrenochrome adrenochrome adrenochrome adrenochrome adrenochrome adrenochrome. And if and if and if and if and if and if and if and and and and and and and and and and if and if and if that has actually played a huge part uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well um okay well um I mean in the human trafficking that we we we we we we we we we we see in America today. So we're actually going to be like you know well you you you you you you you you you you know um well well well well speaking about how we have evidence and different theories theories theories theories theories theories theories theories theories theories about how adrenochrome has infiltrated the so so you know okay uh so um uh like like like like like like like like like like United States as a huge industry. Especially with in Hollywood. We are going going going going going going going going going going to give like like you know uh you know okay uh um like you some some some some some some some some some some facts about this whole situation after these sponsored messages. Here's where we give so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean okay okay I mean you know I mean our shout out out out out out out out out out out to Anchor if you have heard about anchor is the easiest uh you know know know know know know know know know know I mean um well okay uh I mean so way to make a podcast. I'll explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain real quick and let you know that I mean like okay so I mean um um um um um um um um um um well okay so it's completely free. There's these creation tools that allow you to record record record record record record record record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. It's super easy and anchor.