Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to to to to to to to to to to like okay well um okay you know well um I mean give you guys a a a a a a a a a a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all you know well um so so so so so so so so so so like uh uh you know um of your favorite artists and podcasts in one one one one one one one one one one place. That's for free hallelujah. Like like like I mean um well so like like like like like like like like like like so. No premium account necessary Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like well um like okay well so including the one you're listening to to to to to to to to to to right now and you can follow those podcast. Like okay uh well like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean. So you so you so you so you so you so so so so so so so so so so you so you so you so you so you never miss an episode you you you you you you you you you you can share what you're listening to with like um I mean uh uh well well well well well well well well well well like so um friends on Instagram. And if you are a premium user user user user user user user user user user you can download episodes uh uh I mean uh well um you know um um um um um um um um um um um to listen to offline no matter where you are. So if you haven't done you you you you you you you you you you know uh like I mean so so uh so I mean so already be sure to to to to to to to to to to download the Spotify app search for optimal relationships daily or like like I mean you know know know know know know know know know know okay you know well um you know browse podcasts in the your library Tab and give give give give give give give give give give us a follow. So you so you so you so you so you so you so you you you you you you you you you you so you so you so you never so uh well like well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh uh miss an episode speaking of which let's see what we've got got got got got got got got got got on The Ledger okay um well so um well like I mean so today. This This This This This This This This This This is this is this is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this this is this is this is optimal relationships daily episode 646 guilt and shame shame shame shame shame shame shame shame shame shame good and bad I mean I mean okay so okay okay uh like like like like like like like like like like like ways to feel bad by Keith Wilson of Keith Wilson. Counseling.com. Hello everybody. It's a brand-new Monday.