So in this episode, let's have a look at act 3 of Macbeth. First um um um um um um um um um um first um first um first um first um first um first um first first first first first first first first first first um first um first um um well um um well uh so so so so so so so so so so so of all going to look at a summary of what happens in seems one and and and and and and and and and and like well um okay you know uh well well uh two of act three scene scene scene scene scene scene scene scene scene scene one begins just after Macbeth has been crowned like like you know like so so so so so so so so so so um okay well um King Banquo speaks to himself. He's afraid he's afraid he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's afraid he's afraid he's afraid he's afraid he's afraid he's afraid he's afraid afraid afraid afraid afraid afraid afraid afraid afraid afraid he's afraid the Macbeth has done something bad to get the um so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh so like um uh um crown. He says I fear that place the the the the the the the the the the most foully for it. I quote still uh uh okay well I mean well well well well well well well well well well like you know okay hopes that this means his children will be Kings Kings Kings Kings Kings Kings Kings Kings Kings Kings Macbeth enters. He calls bankroll you know you know um well um like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh his chief guests this implies that he still treats banquet like his his his his his his his his his his best I mean okay uh so like okay uh okay um friend. Of course of course course course course course course course course course course of course of course of course of course of course of course of of of of of of of of of of course of course that's out on a horse ride with fails. Macbeth and speaks well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean okay you know well okay um in another city city city city city city city city city city liquid. He says that having the crown is not enough. He okay he okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay he okay he okay he okay he okay he okay he okay he okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay he okay you know I mean you know like so uh I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean must feel secure as king to be thus nothing but to be safely. Safely safely safely safely safely safely safely safely safely. Thus Beth thus Beth thus Beth thus Beth thus Beth thus Beth thus Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth thus Beth thus Beth thus Beth okay you know I mean well well like like like like like like like like like like okay so okay is afraid that the wise Banquo is a threat to his crown saying saying saying saying saying saying saying saying saying saying there um I mean okay so you know okay uh so um is none but he he he he he he he he he he whose being I do fear Macbeth noted The Witches also prophesize like well well well well well well well well well well like um I mean okay well I mean well the backwards Sons would be Kings Kings Kings Kings Kings Kings Kings Kings Kings Kings and so he feels that they must be a threat to murder is enter the stage and.