Hi, my name is Matthew cousins from or at group and Welcome to to to to to to to to to to our leadership series um okay I mean you know okay like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh for 2020 for international women's day as part of this series. We've um okay well well well well well well well well well well okay well I mean like well you know sat down with some exceptional female female female female female female female female female female leaders to talk about their story their journey, um well uh okay okay I mean like like like like like like like like like like so uh and what makes them tick additionally. We'll talk we'll talk we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll talk we'll talk we'll talk we'll talk we'll talk we'll talk we'll talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk we'll talk about the each of equal campaign like okay so well like um um um um um um um um um um okay I mean so for international women's day. We hope you enjoy the series and and and and and and and and and and thanks for so like well you know um like well um uh listening. In today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's episode. We sit we sit we sit we sit we sit we sit we we we we we we we we we we sit we sit we sit we sit down with Jackie Whiteman the Chief Operating um um um um um um um um um um well um uh like okay I mean uh like Officer across the the the the the the the the the the Davidson group Jackie has over 20 years experience in the recruitment industry the well well well well well well well well well well so so I mean uh well so I mean uh majority of them being being being being being being being being being being in senior leadership roles. I also had the privilege of you know know know know know know know know know know so um um um you know uh okay okay working with Jackie at Chandler MacLeod. We We We We We We We We We We hope you enjoy the episode with jack. Like so you know uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay like. Morning, Jackie. Thanks for joining us for international women's day and for a chat about your leadership.