Hi guys, this is scumbag Vinny from the scum Town podcast. And I'm and and and and and and and and and and I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm and and and and and and and and and and I'm and I'm just here so uh so well I mean um I I I I I I I I I I mean you know okay to let you guys know that anchor is the best best best best best best best best best best way to make a podcast online. Um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um like so so so so so so so so so so so um uh um uh. If you're if you're if you're if you're if you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're looking to make your own own own own own own own own own own podcast anchor is the easiest way to well okay I mean I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean so make a podcast. It gives you everything you need in one place for for for for for for for for for for I mean so you know uh uh you know uh okay um free, which you you you you you you you you you you can use right from your phone or computer creation tools allows so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so um okay so you know um you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast. So it sounds even better. They'll distribute your podcast for like um um um um um um um um um um so I mean I mean well so okay like you so it can be heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard everywhere from Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts like uh okay okay like like like like like like like like like like you know you know you know like and many more you can easily make make make make make make make make make make money from your podcast with no minimum I mean so so I I I I I I I I I I mean well so well well well listenership. That's right. You can make money from from from from from from from from from from this podcast. This isn't this isn't this isn't this isn't this isn't this isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't this isn't this isn't this isn't this isn't a scumbag Vinny setup. Okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so um like so you know you know so. You can make make make make make make make make make make money from it. So get so get so get so get so get get get get get get get get get get so get so get so get so get so get anchor now download the app and tell him scumbag Vinny sent you.