Welcome to too chunky boys. This is Garrett. And this is Clem and you you you you you you you you you you know you know like okay you know like like you know you know this is gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna be our first podcast. So, you know, we'll see how it uh you you you you you you you you you you know you know uh so you know I mean well okay goes. It's been a a a a a a a a a a long time coming. We've been saying we're going to do it I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh um well so um I mean for a while now, but but but but but but but but but but now we're starting so Gary if you want I mean like um um um um um um um um um um I mean well so I mean you know uh to say the thing the thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing is is let's get this intro music. Hey, yeah. Well um well um well um well well well well well well well well well well um well um well um well um well um well um well um um um um um um um um um um I mean okay um you know like okay um. All right. Let's get into this first first first first first first first first first first podcast, you know, just kind of figuring out the um I mean so um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so um uh Kinks of it all it's going to be a long long long long long long long long long long and eventful eventful time. Yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like well so so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um so I mean okay trying to figure it out. It's kind of of of of of of of of of of kind of nervous. But you know, like uh um so like uh um like I I I I I I I I I I mean we'll get a gun. Sorry now sorry now sorry now sorry now sorry now now now now now now now now now now sorry now sorry now sorry now sorry now sorry now here in Grand Junction Junction Junction Junction Junction Junction Junction Junction Junction Junction home base for the moment, you uh you know you know uh you you you you you you you you you you know so uh you know so know, move it down to Denver here soon. So excited should be a lot more fun than you know.