A Florida Desiree and Romi Rain and you're listening to people with Laura and and and and and and and and and and romy. Um uh um uh um uh um uh um uh um uh um um um um um um um um um um uh um uh um uh um uh I mean um I mean uh um so so so so so so so so so so um. It's a whole big mouthful. Mmm. Welcome to a mouthful with Laura and Romi. We We We We We We We We We We well well you know well so uh so so um are obviously starting our our our our our our our our our our conversation with social media. Yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you you you you you you you you you you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you just stumble in on on on on on on on on on on well like I mean I mean like you know so uh so this moment moment moment moment moment moment moment moment moment moment of Genius. Everybody did we did to there was like a sudden like well well well well well well well well well well well okay well you know uh well well uh hand in my shots, and he was feeding feeding feeding feeding feeding feeding feeding feeding feeding feeding me like, you know something if um okay I mean so so I mean um um um um um um um um um um well okay it's wow, it's like the clouds open and you're on Mount Olympus Olympus Olympus Olympus Olympus Olympus Olympus Olympus Olympus Olympus and it's just um well uh so okay so okay so okay the two of of of of of of of of of of us. Discussing the discussing the discussing the discussing the discussing the discussing the discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing the discussing the discussing the discussing the most philosophical explosive ideas of of of of of of of of of of the day there okay okay okay you know like I mean you know know know know know know know know know know I mean um are watching us like dance around with a microphone and and and and and and and and and and then we just fade into uh um uh like I mean okay like so I I I I I I I I I I mean their lives. I love that. I hope I hope I hope I hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope that's how people people people people people people people people people people see us in I mean okay I mean I mean uh okay okay so so so so so so so so so so uh their dreams now. It's probably how they see you. Don't you don't you must must must must must must must must must must have uh okay okay you know like you know I mean like so a lot of of of of of of of of of of scenes that open like that? You're a part of this. Oh, so so so so so so so so so so so you know so um well um uh like it's just like a myth girls like like like like like like like like like like walking kind of in we're talking about you know um so like you you you you you you you you you you know you know so um so those are some of my favorite scenes like, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, the Gonzo's. Well, it's okay I mean you know um like well like like like like like like like like like like like well usually Gonzo a feature and that those are the ones were just bright light beautiful girl over lit walking in a bikini suddenly.