Hey, what's going on? Everyone? You got you got you got you got you got got got got got got got got got got you got you got you got you got you got the seven to real estate estate estate estate estate estate estate estate estate estate investor okay um so so so well okay you know well here. Just Just Just Just Just Just Just Just Just Just want just want just want just want just want just want just want just want want want want want want want want want want just want just want to give a shout out to this amazing platform. Anchor. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor. You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, you know, you know, you know, okay you know like okay well well well well well well well well well well well well I mean like what I'm not computer savvy OR tech savvy but very easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy to use, you know, um so you know like okay I mean so so so so so so so so so so so you know what links up to Spotify Apple podcast and so forth, you know when when when when when when when when when when the you know like um well so well you know so you you you you you you you you you you know biggest thing I love about it is the fact that it's free. So So So So So So So So So So download so download so download so download so download so download so download download download download download download download download download download so download so download so download I mean like um like I mean well well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know the free anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to to to to to to to to to to get started. Take care. Uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh so uh you know uh. In this episode we have Jake and Paula from tarte and developments. This episode is powerful. This episode is here to remove the.