Joe what is good y'all welcome to this week's episode of talks with well well well well well well well well well well well uh okay you know so uh I mean you know taboo. Welcome to to to to to to to to to to this week's episode of the podcast. It's Thursday man, Friday's like so um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay you know like tomorrow and you can smell it the weekends weekends weekends weekends weekends weekends weekends weekends weekends weekends here and that's when you let like you know you know okay so you know know know know know know know know know know well uh like the freaks out the weekends for the freaks. Before I before before before before before before before before before before I before I before I before I before I before I before I before I before before before before before before before before before before I get into this okay uh um I mean um like you know know know know know know know know know know well like week's episode. I just want to tell you that this Friday March the the the the the the the the the the 6th. I will like I mean so well um you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um be in Iowa City at Gabe's and then the next day of March March March March March March March March March March the like you know you know so um um uh okay so 7th. I will be be be be be be be be be be in Detroit Michigan at electricity and both of those shows are well well well well well well well well well well you know like okay like well I mean okay you know on the the the the the the the the the the E - a store. I've always wanted to play electricity. If really um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh um okay well um like really excited to play that venue but but but but but but but but but but today on the podcast. I want to so okay well you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay I mean talk about fucking up and why it's okay to fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck up. Let's get into um okay okay like you know so I mean okay like like like like like like like like like like this week's episode. Are the podcast and the intro song this week is actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually like like okay I mean you know um okay well you know a a a a a a a a a a song that a fan sent in that. I think all y'all are going to like, let's give it a listen. I need me a.