What is up? What is going on? Everyone Dave everyone Dave everyone Dave everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone Dave everyone Dave everyone Dave everyone Dave everyone Dave everyone Dave everyone Dave at SVA SVA SVA SVA SVA SVA SVA SVA SVA SVA card collectors good okay um I mean so uh so I mean you know well well well well well well well well well well score last night. No, I'm not talking about the Knicks defeating the Houston Rockets um um um um um um um um um um okay like you know um so uh like okay just a waste of time time time time time time time time time time of us trying to win so we can get a so uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um well uh well higher spot. What does it matter? We're not not not not not not not not not not going to get the first but like okay you know uh so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean anyway, it's a lottery best will gods have turned their back back back back back back back back back back on us besides the so um uh I mean you know I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean you know so point besides that Besides you I have sold my 2018 tops tops tops tops tops tops tops tops tops tops update Ronald Acuna jr. Um so okay okay um like like like uh. PSA PSA PSA PSA PSA PSA PSA PSA PSA PSA 10. I had I had I had I had I had I had I had had had had had had had had had had I had I had I had two of them. I sold one of them them them them them them them them them them for a so uh I mean so well so so you know so hundred and and and and and and and and and and sixty three dollars plus four dollars and shipping. Yeah, yeah. Now I had I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know well you know I mean uh um um this card for $125 $125 $125 $125 $125 $125 $125 $125 $125 $125 for the longest time and I took it off because I well I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean okay uh like I mean like um was afraid that of exactly this this this this this this this this this this and something that you guys need to learn if you are posting cards and you just leave them there for a.