Hey, what's going on? Everybody? Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the take it it it it it it it it it it or leave it podcast. I mean well okay well uh uh okay you know you you you you you you you you you you know. I'm one I'm one I'm one I'm one I'm one I'm one I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm one I'm one I'm one I'm one of your hosts Egan for our with one one one one one one one one one one of my co-host Jordan. What's you what's you what's you what's you what's you what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's you what's you what's you what's you what's you know I mean so well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so you know well up guys? This is Jordan and Brady Turner. Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, how's it going guys? This is Brady okay like like well I mean you know know know know know know know know know know uh uh okay Turner. This is the first episode of the Italian. Wait Wait Wait Wait Wait Wait Wait Wait Wait Wait a second. Why didn't why didn't why didn't why didn't why didn't why didn't why why why why why why why why why why didn't why didn't why didn't why didn't uh you know uh you know um um um um um um um um um um well I mean uh I mean I get my last name introduced as well? well well well well well well well well well All right all right all right all right all right all right all right right right right right right right right right right all right all right all right Brady got his I knew as um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like uh you know I mean you know like soon as I said it someone someone someone someone someone someone someone someone someone someone would bring it up but his regards um so well you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like um um kind of bullshit, but I'll let it slide. All right with my my my my my my my my my my co-host. Jordan well I mean um okay you know so so well you know know know know know know know know know know Reese, here we go. What's up? Its Jordan Reese here Reese, please. This is our well well well well well well well well well well uh uh like okay well uh well like first episode of our podcast on on on on on on on on on on this podcast were basically we talked about a I mean well you know um so so so so so so so so so so well well so uh bunch of random stuff. We're probably we're probably we're probably we're probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably we're probably we're probably we're probably we're probably we're probably we're probably getting probably going to to to to to to to to to to be fairly intoxicated while we're you know I mean like like well well you know know know know know know know know know know um I mean doing this. Actually, let's actually, let's actually, let's actually, let's actually, actually, actually, actually, actually, actually, actually, actually, actually, actually, let's actually, let's actually, let's actually, let's actually, let's actually, let's start with that. That that that that that that that that that. So to begin with we will ask our like okay okay um okay I I I I I I I I I I mean so okay um good old friend Siri to pick a number between one one one one one one one one one one and five. She's a really hot girl we have in studio with us. So definitely it's definitely.