It's very funny because Chris plant is recording in our New York City office office office office office office office office office office is okay okay okay okay like uh so um okay right now and every every every every every every every every every every time he needs to make a change she has to run okay um so I I I I I I I I I I mean well so um um like across the room. Like it's like it's like like like like like like like like like like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's a double dare challenge. Well, don't listen that's part of well like uh okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so well like uh the sort of you know, rocks Rockstar punk rock revolutionary sort of of of of of of of of of of in the you know um um like like like uh like so startup lifestyle. Yeah is is is is is is is is is is well. I mean, that's how y'all record to write. You have okay so okay I I I I I I I I I I mean so um like like um a giant paper mache nose with us us us us us us us us us us the recording system inside. Of it and you you know so so you know know know know know know know know know know well well uh like I mean have to pull out boogers to get it to to to to to to to to to to start recording. Right? Right. My audio so you know you know I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um um okay interface is in a big sloppy pizza and I I I I I I I I I I do need to dig around in I mean well I mean um so like I I I I I I I I I I mean well okay there and then I do get if I say, you know, if I okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay well like so so okay so cuss too much then then then then then then then then then then Rosie O'Donnell does shoot a Koosh ball at me and I I mean you you you you you you you you you you know um well so like so I mean uh hurts a lot. A lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of people will talk about that. Those have a um you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh so I mean well lot of ballistic force and she's very she's a a a a a a a a a a very strong person. Justin was here set up. Like actually like actually like actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually like actually like actually like actually like actually like actually like actually like actually I have a cone.