Hello and welcome back to another @t. Y Temple Carrick podcast to start us off like like like like like like like like like like like so like so I mean I mean so uh with our new podcast. We We We We We We We We We We will have Kim's calendar. So before we move on to well well so uh like like like like like like like like like like um okay so like some of the events that are happening, I think maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe we should talk about um so um you know um I mean like okay well well well well well well well well well well mu n that happened last Friday and Saturday wasn't it? I'm Kate. I know you you you you you you you you you you so you know so so okay like okay uh okay were I thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought you want to tell us a bit about us. Oh, yeah, okay well so so so so so so so so so so I mean so I mean um you know you know so there was a a a a a a a a a a an M un conference in Wellesley College Dublin for well uh so you know well um um um um um um um um um um okay so well two days. Days, Friday the 28th and Saturday the 29th, and and and and and and and and and and it was very so like I mean you know so so um um uh successful and and and and and and and and and and un conference three and tar Dempsey Adam Latino Sheena Iyengar died standing delegates so so so so so so so so so so well okay like well like okay uh I mean and they also our our our our our our our our our our country Canada got outstanding delegation in general assembly. So um so um I mean well you you you you you you you you you you know so um you know I was very great at such a prestigious conference is is is is is is is is is is really good. Enjoy it. It um I mean okay well like so okay uh you you you you you you you you you you know was really good. Have you have you have you have you have you have have have have have have have have have have you have you have you have you have you been to one before or that was my first so it was really scary.