Hey Cat, hey Cat, hey Cat, hey Cat, hey Cat, hey Cat, hey Cat, hey Cat, Cat, Cat, Cat, Cat, Cat, Cat, Cat, Cat, Cat, hey Cat, hey Cat, you read chat Laura. Are you are you are you are are are are are are are are are are you are you are you are you are you are you are you talking about about about about about about about about about about a church Boy chat. Mmm. Like so like so like so like so like so so so so so so so so so so like so like so like so like so like so okay well um like like like like like like like like like like like well uh. Amen. Hey guys, welcome back to church Boy chat. I am Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura and today you uh um uh I mean I mean I mean you know you you you you you you you you you you know um get the pleasure of getting to know cat more. Oh cat oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh cat oh cat oh cat oh cat oh cat oh cat oh cat oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh cat oh cat is so great. I I mean well like well like like like like like like like like like like you know I mean uh um just want to let you know that she's one one one one one one one one one one of the most loving and uh you know well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay um uh complimentary people I've ever met and she's absolutely talented and and and and and and and and and and a quick learner. Her well um uh well I mean okay okay so well well well well well well well well well well with anything. I am amazed by her constantly. So it's like Laura knows. My number number number number number number number number number number you know I mean well well um um um so okay one. Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love language love language love language love language love language love language love language love love love love love love love love love love language love language love language is words of affirmation. I feel so loved also also also also also also also also also also lures um um okay I mean okay you know so um uh the best because because because because because because because because because because full disclosure. This is the third time when you're trying my so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh okay like you know section and this is gonna be the winner. Winner winner winner winner winner winner winner winner winner. Whoo. Okay, you know like to uh okay you know I mean um so so so so so so so so so so you know I mean um keep it real here on trees Boy chat. Chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat. Hmm. So I'm going to tell you why I feel qualified Laura. Yes to be here.