Hello again hello again hello again hello again hello again hello again hello again again again again again again again again again again hello again hello again hello again and welcome back everyone to episode 39 of of of of of of of of of of Murphy's Law. This is Charles Murphy hanging like I mean uh um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so so okay out as always with Charles Villanueva. We're super we're super we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're super we're super we're super we're super we're super we're super we're super we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're super excited today. We've got a couple of so uh like you know know know know know know know know know know so well I mean okay um a couple cool things to talk about including a a a a a a a a a a an interesting scoop on uh like uh you know okay uh uh um you you you you you you you you you you know Mandalorian season 2, but first we gotta check in with Charles and see see see see see see see see see see what's you know okay so um well I mean I mean like you know going going going going going going going going going going on over in the Philippines. I'm not much is going on still saying okay you you you you you you you you you you know like so like okay I mean like um The coronavirus care still still still still still still still still still still happening, but we're still standing here. So let's fucking do this. Like uh I mean so so so so so so so so so so um um I mean okay um. I want I want I want I want want want want want want want want want want I want I want I want I want I want I I I I I I I I I I want to hear scoop. Yeah. So this is this is an interesting one um um um um um um um um um um um I mean okay um I mean you know like um and something I've been working on on on on on on on on on on for a while. Obviously you guys that have been okay well well like like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh uh listening know that Charles and I watched the Mandalorian for season season season season season season season season season season Mandalorian. We both liked it um uh I mean I mean well like okay you you you you you you you you you you know so a lot but we aren't usually in the business of getting Star Star Star Star Star Star Star Star Star Star Wars scoops you know well you know so so well you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean of any kind and so before I share it with you. I want to make sure we know that this.