Hi everybody. I'm here to talk to you about anchor anchors our uh well like like like like like like like like like like I mean okay you know you know so okay new podcast hosting service and they they they they they they they they they they make things so simple. It's a okay like um you know you know I mean like like like like like like like like like like like well One-Stop shop when it comes to Distributing your podcast to all the the the the the the the the the the different platforms Spotify uh well so well you know uh okay I mean you you you you you you you you you you know Apple podcast Google podcast. You name it? They've got a way to distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute to it well okay okay I mean well uh well so like on on on on on on on on on on top of that. They have editing tools baked right into the website makes like like like like like like like like like like I mean I mean I mean um I mean I mean so well life so so so so so so so so so so much simpler back when I started podcasting. It was an entire I mean well well well well well well well well well well I mean okay like okay you know I mean um to do you had had had had had had had had had had to know how to record it where to record it how to um so so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like uh uh well upload it pay for the hosting did I mention they're hosting is is is is is is is is is is free and they well you know like well so um um I mean so so so so so so so so so so will hook you up with advertisers so that you can make money I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um uh you know I mean I mean so um like download the anchor app app app app app app app app app app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get started. You're you know okay okay uh like um so you know know know know know know know know know know so listening to the tenants on the Kyle Dempster Studios Network support this and and and and and and and and and and other like you know um uh like like uh uh like shows at patreon.com forward slash slash slash slash slash slash slash slash slash slash Kyle Dempster Studios, you could gain access to an exclusive so so uh like um um um um um um um um um um so well uh okay new podcast patreon only if you want to hear the inner inner inner inner inner inner inner inner inner inner workings of my weird mind, that's the place to go. We also we also also also also also also also also also also we also we also we also we also we also we also we also we also have twitch coaching lessons.