Welcome to salvage our I'm your host LC along with two of my closest closest closest closest closest closest closest closest closest closest okay like um you know um well well uh well friends Jay and and and and and and and and and and Sarah. Yes, I'm gonna leave here. We're going to feel better and okay uh um um um um um um um um um um I mean like uh okay uh I mean that are to do right fucking savage. Savage Savage Savage Savage Savage Savage Savage Savage Savage. This is this is this is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this this is this is this is sad, but shower a podcast where okay you know well well well well well well well well well well okay uh so like uh okay we sit with ourselves each other and and and and and and and and and and special guests to share the Journey of going um I mean you know know know know know know know know know know so okay so okay so um from said, bitch. That bitch that bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch that bitch that bitch that bitch that bitch that bitch that bitch that that that that that that that that that that bitch that bitch in this first episode Jay and I roll around the the the the the the the the the the um I mean like you know uh like um um I mean ideas. We We We We We We We We We We have about relationship to others and relationship to sell for six years. Yeah. Uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well well um you know uh. It's kind it's kind it's kind it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's kind it's kind it's kind it's kind it's kind it's kind it's kind of of of of of of of of of of like being divorced when you kind of have to go through okay okay so so so so so so so so so so well like so I mean um so and learn things over again. It's the world is is is is is is is is is is because you kind of lived um okay you know you know so uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well in that incubator for a while. Yeah, that's not really the real life. Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like you know so well I mean okay okay uh like. It's just like you you you you you you you you you you build with someone. Yeah, and it's yeah, it's just different part going along exactly like being being a.