A few months back. We did a call-in show. Hello. This is josh. I I I I I I I I I I mean you know you know so um well so you know okay. This is Tiffany Tiffany Tiffany Tiffany Tiffany Tiffany Tiffany Tiffany Tiffany Tiffany Walling McGarity. I'm one I'm one I'm one I'm one I'm one I'm one I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm one I'm one I'm one I'm one of the three founders from medical and um um um um um um um um um um you know well okay so so so uh so you our listeners voted Tiffany Tiffany Tiffany Tiffany Tiffany Tiffany Tiffany Tiffany Tiffany Tiffany Walling McGarity on Pitch Island going from a phone call to uh um I I I I I I I I I I mean like uh so I mean well um the pitch room isn't an easy trick trick trick trick trick trick trick trick trick trick to pull off today. We'll you know uh I mean I mean um um um um um um um um um um okay so okay like hear a pitch the likes of which we've never had on on on on on on on on on on the show I mean so like uh well so you know well you know know know know know know know know know know before. What does it pitch sound like before any revenues even before the product product product product product product product product product product is uh um uh like like so so okay I mean built in in in in in in in in in in all the founder has is an idea and a gut feeling that that so so so so so so so so so so so well uh uh okay okay so like idea could turn into a big business today today today today today today today today today today on the show. What a what a what a what a what a what a what what what what what what what what what what a what a what a what a pitch um like you know you know um I I I I I I I I I I mean um um um sounds like when all you have are a few scratches scratches scratches scratches scratches scratches scratches scratches scratches scratches on the back well I mean uh I mean like um okay you know you you you you you you you you you you know of the metaphorical napkin from gimlet. This is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is this is this is the pitch. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Josh puccio. Like okay I mean you know like I mean I mean like so. Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's meet the investors and Maya Bittner Maya built to financial tech companies and sold them Bowl. Now. She's out scouting startups for Sequoia. One.