Beaver thought of making a podcast but had no idea how I have one word. Word word word word word word word word word. So um you know so so I mean I mean uh uh. Anchor anchor is is is is is is is is is is the easiest way for you to start and make a podcast. Well so uh you you you you you you you you you you know okay okay so well so. I'll explain you see with anchor you have have have have have have have have have have creation tools available to you that uh well okay okay uh you know I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone so um um well okay okay um so you know or computer. And once you you you you you you you you you you finish recording you let anchor take care of Distributing your uh um like so I I I I I I I I I I mean like you know um you know podcast too many different platforms, including Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcasts and Spotify. And it's that easy now you know so so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean uh okay not only is Anchor easy to use but it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's profitable to with anchor it's possible uh you know okay um well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh for you to make money talking about the things that you love love love love love love love love love love with no minimum listenership. So uh um uh I mean uh uh well uh. Uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh. I know you're probably thinking to yourself. This is too good to be true. Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well uh so okay uh so um um okay. How much is it cost me to to to to to to to to to to use anchor. Are you are you are you are you are you are you you you you you you you you you you are you are you are you are you ready for um okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like you know um well like this zero? It does not cost you you you you you you you you you you anything. Anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is free to use anchor really is the.