Hey guys, I'm Megan and I'm Sierra. Welcome back to according to and and and and and and and and and and in this well like uh so you know uh so you know uh week's episode. We We We We We We We We We We are going to be talking about spring break because fitting race coming you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know like okay I mean like I mean um up. So angry so angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry so angry so angry so angry so angry so angry so angry so angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry so angry is after you losing to this. It'll be we have week one like like like like like like like like like like uh well uh okay um like you know I mean week of classes still still still still still still still still still still and then spring break is the week after that. So you know like like like like like like like like like like you know like you know you know so well uh March, however, I guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess this is probably your weekly Spotlight. We just finished. Well, I I mean like like like like like like like like like like like like so okay uh like you know finished all of my exams exams exams exams exams exams exams exams exams exams I have before spring break so next week. I okay okay so so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so um okay so just have a presentation for one of my classes see your husband husband husband husband husband husband husband husband husband husband exam for a you know um um I mean you know okay um so um um um um um um um um um um class that I'm not in but it's just like we're really home free free free free free free free free free free now, we've you know um okay so um you know well I mean um um um um um um um um um um finished our last exam today, which is so so nice because we had like straight straight straight straight straight straight straight straight straight straight uh uh so well um like so okay so Monday Tuesday Wednesday one exam each each each each each each each each each each day. So I will say it okay like well um well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh you know was like the most stressful thing in the world because like like like like like like like like like like it's really not like I mean so uh like well um um I mean like the the the the the the the the the the hardest classes ever, but it's just kind of you know today and I'm uh well well well well well well well well well well well well uh I mean like um like out of the way especially because now now now now now now now now now now that I feel like I still don't know um like you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh I mean so you know my grades are any of them technically, but I still feel like I did find an.