Hey everybody. Welcome to Mom Hood, it's Wednesday. We're so glad that you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're here. Okay like so I mean like okay uh um well. I hope you you you you you you you you you you guys are having a beautiful week. We are stoked because today is part 2 well well well well well well well well well well like like uh well okay so well so of the October Gonzalez interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview and we have been absolutely dying to release this well uh you you you you you you you you you you know okay I mean well you know you know okay one. So this episode focuses focuses focuses focuses focuses focuses focuses focuses focuses focuses all on marriage and motherhood and man. There are some nuggets so um well well well well well well well well well well um like like you know um so up in here. I can't wait for you you you you you you you you you you guys to hear it. I mean uh okay like um uh I mean okay I mean. If If If If If If If If If If this is the first one that you're tapping on I do recommend. You know know know know know know know know know know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you you you you you you you you you you know you know um well you know like so so I mean um. Going back and and and and and and and and and and listening to part 1 it's not absolutely imperative. But I you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know well you know uh so uh do think that all of of of of of of of of of of the information in part to her story all um okay you know you know um well well well well well well well well well well like like uh her tips the way that she parents it's all like so much much much much much much much much much much more interesting and uh well I mean um like well like I mean uh almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost more like valuable when you know where she came from part 1 well well well well well well well well well well well well okay like well uh I mean um is all about her life as a a a a a a a a a a young girl how she was parented her family um well well um like I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean uh uh story Dynamic her as a young woman and it's fascinating and and and and and and and and and and it makes her marriage well okay like so so like um uh uh and and and and and and and and and and motherhood style that much more interesting and I think that's how it is for.