Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, really quick before we start the show. I I I I I I I I I I just I just I just I just I just I just I just I just just just just just just just just just just I just I just wanted to say um well well um okay I I I I I I I I I I mean you know so um that you guys have been awesome. Everyone has been been been been been been been been been been amazing with the comments with I mean um okay like uh you know um um um um um um um um um um um like the reviews with everything. Now. This is the season finale of Creepypasta myths myths myths myths myths myths myths myths myths myths okay like I mean like uh like I mean uh um so I wanted to to to to to to to to to to do a nice classic Creepypasta story to send it off, well you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so like you know so you know but I wanted to thank everyone again again again again again again again again again again and all the people who commented like um okay well so um well I mean um um um um um um um um um um like grumpy girl. 1081 the two guys that didn't do a good comment, but but but but but but but but but but I okay you know so uh so okay um okay uh mean, hey they they they they they they they they they they have their opinions made Voodoo. Again Ali again Ali again Ali again Ali again again again again again again again again again again Ali again Ali again Ali again Ali again Ali again Ali 93 and and and and and and and and and and Alexis from fargo. I mean um you know so so okay um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well. You guys have been amazing. I've been I've been I've been I've been I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been working on this this this this this this this this this this podcast since September 20-something I mean so um um so so um okay um of of of of of of of of of of last year. So a good five months almost or more than five five five five five five five five five five months. Like um I mean okay you know you know you know uh like. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not really sure but I think I need to take a break. I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I I've I I've I I've I I've I I've I I've I I've I I I I I I I I I I I've I I've I mean uh I mean uh I mean okay uh well well well well well well well well well well you know been dealing with a lot of stuff and I think a good two weeks to a month.