Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um you know um like um so know that our podcast is supported by by by by by by by by by by anchor. That's right. If you if you if you if you if you if if if if if if if if if if you if you if you if you if you haven't heard about so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay you know okay you know well you know anchor it's the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's um um like like like like like like like like like like well um okay I mean uh like creation tools that allow you to record and and and and and and and and and and edit your podcast right from your like like you know uh uh um so well well well well well well well well well well um phone or computer. I'm doing this ad from my phone as we speak. Speak speak speak speak speak speak speak speak speak. Anchor okay anchor okay anchor okay anchor okay anchor okay anchor okay anchor okay anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor okay anchor okay anchor okay like okay I mean so I mean you know know know know know know know know know know like well Wilkins will distribute. Sorry your podcast for you. So it can be heard on on on on on on on on on on Spotify so um um like okay well well like okay Apple podcasts and many more you you you you you you you you you you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum like you know you know know know know know know know know know know like um you know okay you know uh listenership. Evidently, I evidently, I evidently, evidently, evidently, evidently, evidently, evidently, evidently, evidently, evidently, evidently, I evidently, I evidently, I evidently, I evidently, I evidently, I evidently, I evidently, evidently, evidently, evidently, evidently, evidently, evidently, evidently, evidently, evidently, I can't talk. It's everything you need to make podcast in one place download download download download download download download download download download um okay so okay well I mean um uh well the free anchor app app app app app app app app app app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean okay like um I mean started now back to the the the the the the the the the the show. Wash up wash up wash up wash up wash up wash up wash wash wash wash wash wash wash wash wash wash up wash up wash up wash up Walk-Ons fans. We have a treat treat treat treat treat treat treat treat treat treat um uh like okay you know like um um like for episode 96 today over over over over over over over over over over an hour of Shawn Welsh Hawkeye content the so you know you know know know know know know know know know know like so um so you know like good old boy from Dayton Ohio a guy. Guy guy guy guy guy guy guy guy guy. We spent five years within the program made a ton of memories with knows everything that we went.