Hey everybody, welcome back to the project Prima podcast. I have with me today today today today today today today today today today so so um uh um well like well I mean the lovely Kathleen child's and and and and and and and and and and I'm so excited to introduce you to her. She is you know like well so so so so so so so so so so okay you know okay you know um a fantastic lifestyle coach and she knows a a a a a a a a a a ton about nutrition and I wanted to like like I mean um uh well well well well well well well well well well okay uh like bring her in today because I am getting so many questions about about about about about about about about about about ways to optimize like well uh I mean okay well okay um like fueling fueling fueling fueling fueling fueling fueling fueling fueling fueling to lose way to be your best self and frankly. I don't feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel qualified like okay um okay so like like okay well to talk to about that that that that that that that that that that but I do think that Kathleen has a uh so like like you know know know know know know know know know know well uh uh okay wealth of knowledge. So hi Kathleen, do you want to to to to to to to to to to introduce yourself? Hi like well um I mean I mean okay so so well everyone. Everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone. Sure Joy. Thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for having me on today. I am I I I I I I I I I I am I am I am I am I am I am I am I am I I I I I I I I I I am Kathleen child. I well like uh so like uh um um okay am am am am am am am am am am a mom of two boys ages 8 and 6 and my husband you know um um um um um um um um um um uh I mean you know you know um um well Tom and I live live live live live live live live live live in Boston. We love living in the city. It's a it's a it's a it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a fun life. I.