How's it going guys? Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to the all in entrepreneurs podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. This is uh I mean you know um okay uh so well I I I I I I I I I I mean episode 48 baby. We're almost about to hit that 50 episode Milestone and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so uh uh uh I mean I mean uh well um just so so so so so so so so so so so blessed to be here to be an instrument of like so well uh so so so so so so so so so so um uh so like service to all of you. We're instruments of service to all all all all all all all all all all of you and this okay so uh well I mean you know uh you know know know know know know know know know know so is episode 48 and today's subject is growth or Comfort. This is one of of of of of of of of of of his favorite subjects. Well you know um well well uh uh so um. You can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't have both you have to make a choice. So I can't wait to um um um um um um um um um um you know I mean okay okay you know okay okay um get started. This is is is is is is is is is is my business partner. Mr. Alec science guys. Welcome to episode so I mean so I I I I I I I I I I mean so uh uh okay well 48 Alex signs, 23:20 23 year old real estate estate estate estate estate estate estate estate estate estate entrepreneur started real estate entrepreneurship well like you know okay you know I I I I I I I I I I mean like I mean well at the age of 18 over the last four four four four four four four four four four years have built plenty of uh well okay well like okay uh okay um other other other other other other other other other other businesses along with Carlson sow and couldn't have been, you know more fortunate and blessed blessed blessed blessed blessed blessed blessed blessed blessed blessed so I mean uh um you know so uh well okay to be on this this this this this this this this this this journey. There's Divine. I love it. I love I love I love I love I I I I I I I I I I love I love I love I love I love I love it for I forgot to introduce myself, but.