What up, guys? This is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is the Leafs convo pod cast for Oak Ridge Ridge Ridge Ridge Ridge Ridge Ridge Ridge Ridge Ridge Ford in so well so well you know I mean okay so like London, Ontario Ontario Ontario Ontario Ontario Ontario Ontario Ontario Ontario Ontario Oak Ridge Ford.com. I'm enje along with Mike. It is Thursday, March 5th um um um um um um um um um um like um um so like um you know okay 2020 the Leafs at the the the the the the the the the the LA Kings this evening. It's a little pregame combo uh um well you know like like like like like like like like like like uh well uh so for you Michael. We didn't get a chance to to to to to to to to to to talk after the Leafs loss I mean you know uh um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well you know I mean in San Jose. But hey, that's okay. They had won three three three three three three three three three three in a row prior uh okay uh you know okay uh I mean you you you you you you you you you you know I mean The Beat Goes On good morning Norm. Yeah, it does but but but but but but but but but but you have to you know um well I mean um I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean okay so sort of reflect on the fact that the Leafs won three games games games games games games games games games games in. Road you road you road you road you road you road you road you you you you you you you you you you road you road you road you know okay um uh like so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like that we're key games against teams that were at least on par par par par par par par par par par with them um like uh um well you know you know so so Florida Florida Florida Florida Florida Florida Florida Florida Florida Florida a few points behind them Tampa Bay ahead of them in the uh okay you you you you you you you you you you know I mean okay like um uh okay Atlantic division and Vancouver who was was was was was was was was was was battling for a playoff spot in the Western I mean okay uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um I mean um Conference. They come up against the team and they they they they they they they they they they play three teams on this west coast like like uh well okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um uh so swing that are out of it that are basically, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, playing out well I mean uh you know uh like like um well the string and they they they they they they they they they they got outplayed dramatically by the San Jose Sharks. I have to say that Jack Campbell kept him in.