Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on the the the the the the the the the the boys uh uh like so I mean so well so okay podcast before we get get get get get get get get get get this episode Ron. I really do want to talk a little um so um you know know know know know know know know know know I mean um you know well okay bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. Moment moment moment moment moment moment moment moment moment. I have I have I have I have I have I have I have I I I I I I I I I I have I have I have a script I will admit. Like I mean so so so so so so so so so so so so you know so like I mean. So if so if so if so if if if if if if if if if if so if so if so if so if so if so if you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast, well you know so so so so so so so so so so well well well okay uh um let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit so you know okay so okay like like like like like like like like like like okay uh uh your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will anchor will anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor will distribute your podcast for you. Okay like okay like okay like okay like like like like like like like like like like okay like okay like okay like okay like okay like okay like okay well you you you you you you you you you you know like like I mean uh. So it so it so it so so so so so so so so so so it so it so it so it so it so it so it can can can can can can can can can can be heard on Spotify Apple music. A podcast my bad and many well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um um okay you know uh you know I mean more you can make make make make make make make make make make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything I I I I I I I I I I mean well um like um like I mean I mean um you need to make make make make make make make make make make a podcast in one place. Anyways, let's get this so so you know um um um um um um um um um um okay I mean um well like rolling. Hey guys, welcome back to the podcast is the the the the the the the the the the boys again. We got been your like so uh like so okay I mean well you you you you you you you you you you know host Ethan Patrick. And of course me. We're all the hosts. Obviously. We We We We We We We We We We got um so well so well uh like okay so four main hose hose hose hose hose hose hose hose hose hose the four main host. We got a couple guests Merit of their co-hosts. We got Mitchell Preston.