You're listening to come follow me weekly a weekly podcast with thoughts and insights insights insights insights insights insights insights insights insights insights for uh you know so well like you know well well well the come. Follow Follow Follow Follow Follow Follow Follow Follow Follow Follow me lessons of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. I'm um well you you you you you you you you you you know I mean so like um well like your host Heather Webber. Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks for being here with me this week. This episode is sponsored so um I I I I I I I I I I mean you know you know well so um so by anchor anchor is the app. App app app app app app app app app. My mom uses to make this podcast. Uh so well so okay so so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well. If you haven't heard about anger, it's a pretty easy way to start podcasting. I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh well well well um well well. Anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is free free free free free free free free free free to use and they have a creation tool that allows you you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so um well I mean you know well to record and edit your podcast right from your your your your your your your your your your phone or computer anger will um so okay okay well you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like well also distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple I mean well you know okay um I mean so I mean you you you you you you you you you you know podcast and many more podcast platforms. It's everything it's everything it's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you you you you you you you you you you need to make a podcast all I mean well uh I mean you know know know know know know know know know know uh you know well um in one place. Don't free anchor app or go to a a a a a a a a a a Pratap FM to um I mean um I mean well you know okay um um um um um um um um um um like get started this week's lesson is entitled. This is the way and it covers second defy 31 through 33. Okay. Did anyone watch the.