Hey guys guys in otherwise, this is Jonathan. I resign I'm Noah also also also also also also also also also also known uh so um well uh I mean like well um as polyphonic and and and and and and and and and and you're listening to horns and wings the podcast where we you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so um so like okay you know read through Saga one issue issue issue issue issue issue issue issue issue issue at a time. Yes, and yes, and yes, and yes, and yes, and yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, and yes, and yes, and yes, and yes, and we will finally answer the like um um um um um um um um um um you know uh like so well uh like question. Will we make a a a a a a a a a a dragon come wait? Sorry. No, that's our other podcasts. He you know okay you know know know know know know know know know know um well you know okay you know uh said this is the Saga lunch. Lunch lunch lunch lunch lunch lunch lunch lunch lunch. Oh that actually that still works. Okay, okay uh you know uh okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh well that's fast. How long how long were you sitting on that one? How long long long long long long long long long long like well uh um so like so so um was I sitting on the drag drag drag drag drag drag drag drag drag drag come? Yeah. Well, give well, give well, give well, give well, give well, give well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, give well, give well, give well, give me the name of um okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um so well uh you know this episode. That's a visual. Hey Noah, this this this this this this this this this this is good book really. This is a good uh uh well um you know know know know know know know know know know well like like uh book. I just I just I just I just just just just just just just just just just I just I just I just I just I just I just looked at this this this this this this this this this this cover. This is a good book. I love this cover this. You know you you you you you you you you you you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you you you you you you you you you you know you know you know well you know so uh okay I I I I I I I I I I mean well. You know what? No joke, this is I think this is my favorite cover. We've hit so far. It's definitely a cover that like,.