Hello. Hello. My name is Ben Hill singer. And this is the big fat fat fat fat fat fat fat fat fat fat snare well you know like um um you know um well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean drum podcast. Today's episode is part 1 of my conversation with Dan I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so um I mean um you know um so like Bailey where we discuss five five five five five five five five five five things to avoid when working on a session for an you know you know well um um um um um um um um um um like well okay like okay artist Dan is a drummer music director engineer and and and and and and and and and and multi-instrumentalist who's played with like um well okay I mean um you know like like Father Father Father Father Father Father Father Father Father Father John Misty first aid kit rain wolf and many more. He uh um um um um um um um um um um well I mean well okay I mean uh uh recently released his video series that that that that that that that that that that Bailey method Parts one and two recorded that his you know well well well well well well well well well well well well well uh okay so you know own Studio track land in Orange County in part. One Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan discusses his methods for you know like um okay um well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay setting up tuning and ultimately recording a drum kit. He does this all all all all all all all all all all in okay you know I mean so okay okay um okay you know real time, time, time, time, time, time, time, time, time, time, which is rare. So you see exactly how he does it with okay like you you you you you you you you you you know well you know okay you know so so no brakes. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's amazing part two Dives little deeper into how and why he Taylor's so you you you you you you you you you you know you know well well I mean um so okay sounds for specific applications. You You You You You You You You You You can check those out at D Richard Bailey Bailey I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay spelled be a IL e why.com and check them out on Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram @ D Richard Bailey enjoy the show. This episode is brought to you by the big.