Hello and welcome back to the not another Runner podcast. Thank you so much for for for for for for for for for for uh I mean well okay so so okay well so joining today. I am am am am am am am am am am I am I am I am I am I am I am I am am am am am am am am am am I am I am so thankful that you have downloaded this episode and and and and and and and and and and that I mean well well well so uh um you know um you choose choose choose choose choose choose choose choose choose choose to listen today. I've had an awful cold all week. So hopefully you know know know know know know know know know know so uh well so okay like like you know I'll be able to get get get get get get get get get get through this introduction without losing my voice. So today's episode uh I mean uh like well well well well well well well well well well like I mean well you know is something I couldn't wait to publish. The The The The The The The The The The guest the guest the guest the guest the guest the guest the guest the guest the the the the the the the the the the guest the guest today is a fellow Irishman uh you know well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh uh well you know the very first wash guest of a podcast. And And And And And And And And And And someone I have followed on social well so like you know um okay like like like like like like like like like like uh like media for a long while now. I'd actually heard of this guest back back back back back back back back back back on another you know uh um I mean uh like I mean I mean you know know know know know know know know know know podcast God over a year ago. Now whilst now whilst now whilst now now now now now now now now now now whilst now whilst now whilst now whilst now whilst now whilst now whilst I was was was was was was was was was was training for the London marathon okay you know okay like well okay like uh well well well well well well well well well well and I remember listening thinking wow, this guy is crazy like what he has has has has has has has has has has achieved. I um okay well so um uh like so okay was just just just just just just just just just just bewildered by his achievements. He is he is he is he is he he he he he he he he he he is he is he is he is he is he is an ultra runner runner runner runner runner runner runner runner runner runner from penarth Cardiff South Wales. His name his name his name his name his name his name his name his name his name his name is Reese Jenkins. He.