All right, folks here. He is the big fella from the big North. We have we we we we we we we we we we have we have we have we have we have we have we have we we we we we we we we we we have we have well so so I mean well um so like uh brought him in in in in in in in in in in yet once again and yet once again another action-packed power suit Tyler well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like you know so so uh okay had have you seen something this ridiculous? ridiculous ridiculous ridiculous ridiculous ridiculous ridiculous ridiculous ridiculous ridiculous We asked Alex last week. Have you seen this I mean like you know know know know know know know know know know okay well you know you know okay uh type of soup come in the the the the the the the the the the studio? It's not ridiculous. I think it's a good-looking um well okay like well so well well well well well well well well well well um I mean suit. I it's like a mix of Obama's beige suit suit suit suit suit suit suit suit suit suit and a J.Crew model. It's actually a like like okay like so I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so J.Crew suit look, That you Tyler this guy is dialed in and and and and and and and and and and now I mean you know you know okay okay okay so so so what it it it it it it it it it it what is the flower there? It's a lapel Rob. It's little lapel, I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh um so well okay you know, it adds a little flare a a a a a a a a a a little spice. So you so you so you so you so you so you so you you you you you you you you you you so you so you so you are well well like okay well well like like like like like like like like like like I mean well and are you going to work right after this? Well, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you keep getting so I mean you know uh you know you know know know know know know know know know know like like like me right before my work shifts. So well, so what we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going to do here so um so um I mean okay like um I mean again, again, again, again, again, again, again, again, again, again, we got a couple action-packed guests for you folks. We got a big so well well well well well well well well well well okay uh so so you know like okay before anything. We got a big episode coming out Tuesday with animal planet's Forest galante we brought.