We have we have we have we have we have we have we have have have have have have have have have have we have we have we have to pay the bills, and if you guys have have have have have have have have have have been thinking about okay um okay okay so so well like uh starting your own own own own own own own own own own podcast, let me tell you something. If you haven't heard about well like like like like like like like like like like uh uh okay well well you know like anchor is the easiest way way way way way way way way way way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free you know like like like like like like like like like like like you know like I mean um I mean um their creation tools that allow you you you you you you you you you you to record and edit your podcast right you know you know I mean you you you you you you you you you you know I mean um I mean um I mean from your phone or computer. Computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So you can be I mean okay okay you you you you you you you you you you know like uh okay so okay heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you you you you you you you you you you can make money from your podcast. No you know so um uh so like um like like like like like like like like like like I mean minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast in one place. So um uh um like okay like uh I mean um download download download download download download download download download download the free acre app or go to Anchored ifm to get started is beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond you know okay so okay you know uh okay okay um where you'll learn learn learn learn learn learn learn learn learn learn tips and techniques on the car buying. Process how to get the you know know know know know know know know know know uh um okay so well so you know you know best deal what scans to to to to to to to to to to watch out for and much more here's your host well well so uh you you you you you you you you you you know um like like so and one of the foremost Automotive business experts in the country does Chevy Davenport? Hey everyone, welcome back to beyond the.