Hello everyone and welcome to the Rand Club the relevant awkward noteworthy talk club okay so um um um um um um um um um um um well uh um like um with Hunter all conus. And today and today today today today today today today today today today and today and today and today and today and today and today and today today today today today today today today today today and today we're joined with McKay Bryson who is actually talk well you you you you you you you you you you know you know like you know well I mean so you know about but let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's just say what he contributed to this podcast. Oh, yes, uh uh like like like like like like like like like like you know I mean uh well you know okay he came up with with with with with with with with with with that. He came he came he came he came he came he came he he he he he he he he he he came he came he came he came up with a word awkward in our our our our our our our our our our acronyms. Okay I okay I okay I okay I okay I okay I okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I okay I okay I okay I mean okay you know so um okay um um um um um um um um um um okay. So very proud of that. Okay. Tell us tell us tell us tell us tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell us tell us tell us tell us tell us tell us a little bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit about yourself. I'm you know you know like uh um okay so well well well well well well well well well well okay Akay, Bryson, and I'm a junior here at BYU and I am studying studying studying studying studying studying studying studying studying studying I'm studying Information you know um uh you know so um okay okay you you you you you you you you you you know Systems, which is very technical out. There. Are you from I'm from Bountiful Bountiful Bountiful Bountiful Bountiful Bountiful Bountiful Bountiful Bountiful Bountiful Utah so so you know like I mean like you know so I mean the the the the the the the the the the Homeland, where did you serve your mission? I served in the Thailand Bangkok commission. I spoke I I I I I I I I I I spoke I spoke I spoke I spoke I spoke I spoke I spoke I spoke I spoke Thai that's I got time. Okay. Um, so.