Hi everyone. Welcome to the Laura horn art podcast. Richie is joining me again, again, again, again, again, again, again, again, again, again, you know I mean so I mean um okay um so okay and and and and and and and and and and we are chatting about finishing a painting last week. We talked about okay um um um um um um um um um um okay well you know so well um um getting started the painting that I talked about about about about about about about about about about last week. I have finished and now I'm like like okay okay okay uh um um um um um um um um um um like I mean sharing all the tips and techniques and ideas that I use use use use use use use use use use in my own Studio uh you know so uh uh uh like you know so so so so so so so so so so practice when I get to the finishing stage speaking of starting and finishing this this this this this this this this this this podcast is so um you know uh um you know well I mean um brought to you you you you you you you you you you by my online class layer by layer where you will see Me you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know like you know uh okay paint a large abstract painting from from from from from from from from from from start to finish. So if you'd like to see that you know you know you know know know know know know know know know know okay well you know like well um process head on over to Laura horn art.com artcom artcom artcom artcom artcom artcom artcom artcom artcom. Forward slash classes click on layer I mean um like I mean you know you you you you you you you you you you know like um I mean by layer and don't forget to use the the the the the the the the the the coupon code. The coupon is so I mean like um like I mean you know know know know know know know know know know so so 20 in Feb 2 0 infe be and you will save 20% on on on on on on on on on on that class um okay um uh uh like I mean um well up to the 19th 19th 19th 19th 19th 19th 19th 19th 19th 19th of March 2020. So that's when the coupon expires. Hello Laura he going I'm very good. It's.