What is everybody this is recovery when I'm Jay lag and I'm NB and and and and and and and and and and I mean well so um like so you know well okay this episode is recapping recapping recapping recapping recapping recapping recapping recapping recapping recapping reviewing the season finale of see of chilling Adventures of I mean like like like like like like like like like like um like uh well okay like so Sabrina season 3 episode 8 and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's called chapter 28. Sabrina is Legend and um uh uh um okay I mean so you you you you you you you you you you know like don't forget guys stick around for the any because we are going going going going going going going going going going to go um I mean so I mean okay okay okay like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean through our recap roundups. Our best our best our best our best our best best best best best best best best best best our best our best our best our best our best moments are best best best best best best best best best best lines of the episode. So be so be so be so be so be so be be be be be be be be be be so be so be so be so be sure like um um so so so so so so so so so so okay so I mean well so to stick around for that. We also we we we we we we we we we we also we also we also we also we also we also we also we also we also also also also also also also also also also have our contest going on right now for okay uh you know um you you you you you you you you you you know um well okay so a chance to win a $50 Amazon gift card card card card card card card card card card and a pop socket. To enter like like I mean so uh um you know know know know know know know know know know like like just written comments on our iTunes page and you'll be entered in the the the the the the the the the the draw. We're extending so like uh I mean um so so you know so so so so so so so so so so this contest to the end of Riverdale season for so we have lots of of of of of of of of of of time as okay uh okay so okay so I mean so okay always to or or or or or or or or or or containing listeners in a brand new ones. Thank you for joining so you know um um um um um um um um um um you know so okay I mean like um us. Don't forget to like like like like like like like like like like comment and subscribe to the channel. Let's get into like uh okay uh I I I I I I I I I I mean uh like well you know the episode. Yo, let's get into it the the the the the the the the the the season finale. What do you think? like uh like uh like uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh like uh like uh like uh like uh like uh like like like like like like like like like like like like uh so so well It was it was good? It was really good. They're a a a a a a a a a a couple things that um I mean so well you know well I mean you you you you you you you you you you know uh I think I would have wanted done differently. But yeah, I'm still satisfied with what we got and.