The truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth you're listening to think fags. So So So So So So So So So So I so I so I so I so I so I so so so so so so so so so so I so I so I so I mean so so well uh well you you you you you you you you you you know so. When big when big when big when big when big when big big big big big big big big big big when big when big when big when big bank and DJ Scream laughing first first first first first first first first first first class sounds is the voice of so um so well okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh DJ Scream big Bankers his time for another edition of big fashion fashion fashion fashion fashion fashion fashion fashion fashion fashion big bank. Um you know well uh like okay so like you know. We We We We We We We We We We got family in the building y'all nudity is on big fast, nobody. Welcome. Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like well okay okay you know like uh. Welcome. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome. Welcome. How you feeling, bro? Feeling good. Just nod his head ha ha ha. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. You know you know uh okay okay like I mean like okay. It's a a a a a a a a a a conversation. This ain't no interview. I think this is just a so uh I mean so so so so so so so so so so like well you know well well conversation. It's like talking to you know, one of of of of of of of of of of your partner and well, why don't women man uh I mean okay um um um um um um um um um um well uh like you know okay talk real talk, but one thing you got got got got got got got got got got to do we know you're I mean I mean you know like okay so so like like like like like like like like like like like going to do is just addition is swear that you going to tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell the truth the okay like you know you know uh like uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean whole truth nothing, but it was just big fast tradition. Can um like uh like like like like like like like like like like okay like um um you know you do that? Hmm? Okay. All right, cool. Cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool. So what we left off last time we like um so like um you you you you you you you you you you know I mean like you know talked it was just just just talking about you and wrapping wrapping wrapping wrapping wrapping wrapping wrapping wrapping wrapping wrapping and being I mean so uh like I mean uh okay uh so Rapper and and and and and and and and and and how you like you Embrace certain parts of it, but certain parts of it you you you you you you you you you you like you know uh you know okay I mean um um well well well well well well well well well well like. So what so what so what so what so what so what so what what what what what what what what what what so what so what so what space are you in now with just the whole rap shit, by the way,.