If you if you if you if you if you if you if you if if if if if if if if if if you if you if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make make make make make make make make make make a podcast. Let um okay um well you know like well you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean me explain. First of all, it's free. Secondly, they give you creation tools that allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow well um um um like so uh so well you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute like well well well well well well well well well well uh so I mean like well I mean well your podcast for you. So it it it it it it it it it it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more well uh well so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so you know you know you can make money from your podcast with no no no no no no no no no no minimum listenership. It's everything you need uh you know well so I mean so so so so so so so so so so so like um to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app app app app app app app app app app or go like okay uh so I mean well I mean okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Welcome to the flip the script script script script script script script script script script okay I mean I mean okay well so uh like so podcast. I'm your I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your your your your your your your your your your I'm your host in a lie, and I'm a full-time reseller on eBay and like I I I I I I I I I I mean uh so you know so um you know okay Poshmark. My store in in in in in in in in in in closet name is Elle. Duccio ELD uch. Oh and oh and oh and and and and and and and and and and oh and oh and oh and oh and oh and oh and oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh and you like well well like so I mean okay so I mean can find find find find find find find find find find me on Instagram and YouTube as El dijo Thrift. I'm really I'm really I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm really really really really really really really really really really I mean you know okay well uh I mean uh I mean um excited about about about about about about about about about about this week's guest I had the opportunity to speak with a friend of mine and his name is Blake. Blake can be.