Hi, it's Brandi Taylor. Welcome to the business Beauty Network podcast. We're business business business business business business business business business business needs Beauty. It's you know okay so so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so like not just lipstick its business. We will share a thought provoking conversations with business business business business business business business business business business um um well uh okay um like so um and Beauty professionals. Our goal our our our our our our our our our our goal our goal our goal our goal our goal our goal our goal our goal goal goal goal goal goal goal goal goal goal our goal is to empower motivate and inspire you to take your business business business business business business business business business business okay I mean okay uh um well okay uh you know to the next next next next next next next next next next level. Hey, welcome to the podcast. I am I am I am I I I I I I I I I I am I am I am I am I am I am I am super super super super super super super super super super excited to I mean um so like okay uh well like you know share share share share share share share share share share today's interview with you. I had a pleasure and interviewing Angie Deepa teesta. Angie Angie Angie Angie Angie Angie Angie Angie Angie Angie okay angie okay angie okay angie okay angie okay angie okay angie okay angie angie angie angie angie angie angie angie angie angie okay angie okay angie okay uh okay uh I mean okay well well well well well well well well well well well well is a professional makeup artist of she's from Toronto Canada and she works on a a a a a a a a a a so so well um okay okay uh okay okay variety of clients and projects projects projects projects projects projects projects projects projects projects and Beauty campaign to commercials and etcetera. She also does um you know so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh you know like well weddings and Red Carpet Events and all of of of of of of of of of of those things. She's a full-time makeup artist okay I mean well okay um um um um um um um um um um um so well so and I really enjoyed talking with her about what it takes to be. Real professional makeup artist and a reason why I say a real.