I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of um so so so so so so so so so so like uh well like um I mean uh TV talk now look at the buzz. Buzz buzz buzz buzz buzz buzz buzz buzz buzz. Hey guys, welcome back to the good trouble okay you know so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh you know um you know after show and guys. We are are are are are are are are are are at the season finale of the such uh I mean so like uh I mean you you you you you you you you you you know well uh a good season Chad Hills. I am I am I am am am am am am am am am am I am I am I am I am I am I am I am am am am am am am am am am your host Jay Jones. I've been rocking so like well well uh you know um well well well well well well well well well well so with you since season one. I'm so happy to continue this journey with you you you you you you you you you you guys. Um so like um I mean so okay you know um. I could not do do do do do do do do do do this out do this without my amazing amazing panel to um well you know know know know know know know know know know um um okay you know um well the fart of my love. I have have have have have have have have have have Miss Janice. I am and she is a biggest well uh um uh so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean you know the big Fosters crossover could trouble. Yes, I've been been been been been been been been been been watching the posture since I was in I mean um you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well um you know so okay high school. So like I'm the OG posture isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't good trouble fan. Yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and and and and and and and and and and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and so so so so so so so so so so so so uh like um well um well she brings you your news and your your your your your your your your your your gossip Miss Lauren Hubbard. What's up guys? How are okay I mean like so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um well so you guys doing? I'm so ready to talk about the gossip in this show and for.