Podcast what's good? Do you eat food? That is a very simple question question question question question question question question question question um like like okay like you know well um okay I have for you. You you you you you you you you you. Do you food now if that food happens to be Gourmet so so you know know know know know know know know know know well well like okay like um stuff, like delicious olive oils or cookies cookies cookies cookies cookies cookies cookies cookies cookies cookies or that kind of random shit. Then well I mean well so like you know know know know know know know know know know so uh like you need to go to Yummy tex.com Yummy why you mmy tex.com texcom texcom texcom texcom texcom texcom texcom texcom texcom. Gourmet Foods that so um you know um you know okay um well so ridiculous ridiculous ridiculous ridiculous ridiculous ridiculous ridiculous ridiculous ridiculous ridiculous discounts just like wine text, but for olive oils pastas hot you know uh um um um um um um um um um um so uh so so so you know sauces mustards and other exotic candies and and and and and and and and and and such yummy tex.com Mom the best place to buy you know so so okay well well well well well well well well well well I mean you know well so gourmet food at ridiculously low prices is the the the the the the the the the the garyvee audio experience. What up I mean like uh well uh like okay I I I I I I I I I I mean okay Podcast for today's episode Gary sits down the internet entrepreneur and and and and and and and and and and investor sampar the uh uh so so well well well okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean spoke about their different hustles and how most of you need to break out of of of of of of of of of of uh you know well um uh uh I mean well so the mold. So make make make make make make make make make make sure to hit them up and leave a review to let okay okay well well well well well well well well well well so okay so I mean um um us know what you thought and I hope you enjoy. Hey guys, it's Gary vaynerchuk super excited about being back on the podcast really.