I nursing students, it's Dean terpil. And this is the Enterprise podcast. Today is Friday, okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay um um like you know so I mean March 6th 2020. 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020. I wanted to touch base with all of you because it feels you know know know know know know know know know know um um like I mean you know you know well um like there's been a a a a a a a a a a lot going on this week, even though we've been on you know uh you know know know know know know know know know know I mean um um well I mean okay spring break. I usually I usually I usually usually usually usually usually usually usually usually usually usually I usually I usually I usually I usually I usually I usually I I I I I I I I I I usually only send an email with a link to the well okay like so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay theory courses. So if you have a friend or relative relative relative relative relative relative relative relative relative relative a classmate who's in the uh like um um okay um like I mean you know in in in in in in in in in in your clinical group, but not your theory class. Please pass please pass please pass please please please please please please please please please please pass please pass please pass please pass please pass please pass please pass this this this this this this this this this this information on to I mean you know I mean so so okay like like like like like like like like like like okay so them or tell them to contact me so I can send them the link. Link link link link link link link link link. Okay well well well uh okay um uh uh. This is important information that that that that that that that that that that I want all of you to have. It's going like uh well okay like you you you you you you you you you you know I mean well okay to be even more important than usual for us us us us us us us us us us to be in communication for you you know um uh um you know know know know know know know know know know so you know so you know to have good communication with the nursing program over over over over over over over over over over the next several weeks. You okay I mean well like you know well you know know know know know know know know know know uh so need to get in the habit of checking your BC email. You need need need need need need need need need need to uh okay uh uh so um you know I mean uh check any messages in D2L frequently things could change rapidly as things have changed rapidly over the.