Hello everybody. My name is Rachel Braun and welcome back to this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode of Brawn okay you know okay um um you know like well uh and brains. Brains brains brains brains brains brains brains brains brains. So this so this so this so this so this so this so this so so so so so so so so so so this so this so this week we have a really interesting guest. His His His His His His His His His His name like so um like I mean so well so so is Zach so so so so so so so so so so up, but you may know him as the Nittany Lion so like well so so I I I I I I I I I I mean uh I mean okay uh I actually knew a little bit about Zach before before before before before before before before before before this year before he revealed well like you know okay well you know um so so so so so so so so so so well himself as the Nittany Lion because rumors around the College of IST, which I'm a a a a a a a a a a part you know um like I mean like okay okay you know okay of said said said said said said said said said said that the The line was actually in our major. So I had a little little little little little little little little little little well well um well uh I mean okay well you know heads-up who is going going going going going going going going going going to be but not really a lot of people have had um um well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like um I mean I mean classes Zach and I were were were were were were were were were were new so that was kind of cool a Penn state. Like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like you you you you you you you you you you know so um I mean I mean so well. It's kept secret till their their their their their their their their their their senior year who our mascot is and a few months um you know so okay like like like like like like like like like like uh uh okay uh ago during football season, right you revealed yourself. So that's kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of cool. You well okay you know okay uh uh like you know know know know know know know know know know well want to give us a little introduction about yourself sack. Yeah. So, So, So, So, So, So, So, So, So, So, my like well well okay you know I mean okay so um name is is is is is is is is is is Zach. So I study cyber security in the College of information sciences and Technology. I was selected in my.