Make sure to check out part one of this series. Thank you. I was I was was was was was was was was was was I was I was I was I was I was I was I was was was was was was was was was was I was very um uh well like you know okay well you know like like like like like like like like like like traumatized after seeing a man turn into some messed up organism right in in in in in in in in in in front of my um uh so like um okay okay you know uh eyes. I just sat sat sat sat sat sat sat sat sat sat in my booth we reading the rules again. And again, it was so like I I I I I I I I I I mean um um like like um I mean so dark in here that I had had had had had had had had had had to use the small lamp on I mean um I mean so so like you you you you you you you you you you know okay I mean the table next to me. They really they really they really really really really really really really really really really they really they really they really they really they really they really they really need need need need need need need need need need to fix the lights you know you know you know uh like you know know know know know know know know know know so okay um here. Yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I I I I I I I I I I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I also realized I I I I I I I I I I had broken the first rule. Hopefully other hopefully other hopefully other hopefully other hopefully other hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully other hopefully other hopefully other hopefully other hopefully other than so um okay I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean so like okay traumatizing me. It didn't do much damage. This is is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is is this is this is going to be a great well so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh uh so shift. The first thing I tried was to walk out but but but but but but but but but but I could see movement like uh you know you know okay you know well um um um um um um um um um um uh in my peripheral vision. They got closer as I moved towards the exit the shadows in the station elongated towards me and I got a horrible gut.