Are you ready? Are you going to do stuff you want me to like like like like like like like like like like like I mean um like I mean I mean well well introduce you? Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, what's up guys? My name is Andre. You're listening to this. You you know um um um um um um um um um um um I mean well okay like you know okay already know who I am. I'm in the the the the the the the the the the car with Logan. So guys, like uh um well I mean uh I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean how's it going? Okay, so Logan's my little from McMurray, but we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're not going um you know um uh okay okay well well um to mention mention mention mention mention mention mention mention mention mention McMurray the rest of this podcast because we we went to tank. It's like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like well I mean I mean I mean uh all about the only only only only only only only only only only school we went to but we are currently driving. So well okay you you you you you you you you you you know you know you know so uh so. Back to back to back to back to to to to to to to to to to back to back to back to back to back to back to Abilene Abilene Abilene Abilene Abilene Abilene Abilene Abilene Abilene Abilene for alumni weekend Don't ask either of us why we had really really really really really really really really really really uh uh okay like I mean you know uh you know um don't have any any any any any any any any any any other excuse. Yeah. I don't know why we going. All right guys before before before before before before before before before before uh I mean you know uh uh uh so well I mean we jump into this this this this this this this this this this episode. I'm going to tell you real quick about you know like you know um um um um um um um um um um I mean uh well okay so anchor if you haven't heard of banker. Banker Banker Banker Banker Banker Banker Banker Banker Banker. It's literally the easiest way to make a podcast um uh uh like like like like like like like like like like uh um okay like well because everything you need is in one place. There's creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast. So right from your phone.