Hey everyone, it's Deanna from Midwest Chicana. And I am here to tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell you you know well you know you know so um so I mean well well well well well well well well well well about the amazing app. I'm using right now. It is called anchor this is the the the the the the the the the the app. I so so okay so okay you know like like I mean use use use use use use use use use use to create my podcast and I heard about it from a friend like like I I I I I I I I I I mean well like okay you know I mean um of mine who actually does it it it it it it it it it it as well because I thought at first oh my um you know okay like well well well well well well well well well well okay like like okay gosh, I want to do a podcast. But how but how but how how how how how how how how how how but how but how but how but how but how but how but but but but but but but but but but how am I going to do uh like okay so well uh well uh so it? it it it it it it it it it I have no equipment. I have no money and I want to ensure so so so so so so so so so so so okay like okay you know you know um I mean that all all all all all all all all all all our voices out here in the Midwest get heard and how um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like like you know uh like well do we do that on a a a a a a a a a a platform without spending a lot of ton um like you know so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like of money, especially when you don't know what to do. So she she she she she she she she she she told me uh well well like um uh I mean so so about anchor it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's absolutely free. There's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation tools that allow you to record and and and and and and and and and and well okay like um I mean like uh so well edit your podcast bright bright bright bright bright bright bright bright bright bright from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast so like like I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean you know so so so for you so we can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcast and many more and okay you know well I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay you can make money with your pockets, which is the most most most most most most most most most most amazing thing ever with well okay like okay uh like uh so uh no minimum listenership. So So So So So So So So So So if you're ready, I'm going to tell you right now to so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay uh I mean um okay just do it. It's everything you need to to to to to to to to to to make a podcast in one place like you know I mean like okay you you you you you you you you you you know so so I mean download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.