Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would would would would would would would would would would like so so well okay well so um uh I mean to encourage all of you you you you you you you you you you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor like I mean um um um um um um um um um um uh you know well I mean well I mean Todd FM to get started on on on on on on on on on on this. It has it has it has it has it has it has it it it it it it it it it it has it has it has it has made it. So easy guys, I so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like um so I mean okay uh well did not know, you know publishing podcast was was was was was was was was was was so easy. If I if I if I if I if I if I I I I I I I I I I if I if I if I if I had only known well okay um um um um um um um um um um well okay I mean well like well it like five ten years before before before before before before before before before before early because all I need to do I mean okay well okay uh okay um um um um um um um um um um you know well is download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and and and and and and and and and and just click post like well so um uh okay I mean um I mean and and and and and and and and and and anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish it in all like like like like like like like like like like well like you know so uh okay um okay the major podcast sides. You know know know know know know know know know know apps that are available and I do not need so okay like like so so so so so so so so so so okay so I mean well to do anything else. So this is just too too too too too too too too too too awesome guys. You also need to okay um okay um uh okay well you know know know know know know know know know know you know make use of it. If you have a message if you have have have have have have have have have have some come content, well so uh like like uh so okay okay which you you you you you you you you you you feel that needs to reach out to the world or simply want to post um um um um um um um um um um you know like um okay um so uh so something make sure you use use use use use use use use use use this. Mascara. Now my Skyrim everyone welcome back to my uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know um I mean so you know shoes podcast. So this log is a little bit late. This is the log on my Agatha.