Do you love horror? Do you do you do you do you do you you you you you you you you you you do you do you do you do you do you love torturing your friends with with with with with with with with with with horror um like okay um you know okay I mean you know you know know know know know know know know know know movies? Of course you do. That's why that's why that's why that's why why why why why why why why why why that's why that's why that's why that's why that's why that's why you're listening. Listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening. Maybe you've even thought about so like like like you know uh um okay you you you you you you you you you you know starting your own horror podcast, whatever kind of insanity you're looking to send send send send send send send send send send out into well well I mean uh like okay um um so the world. World world world world world world world world world. There's a new all-in-one platform for you. It's called anchor it's the easiest uh like like like like like like like like like like so okay you know you know like you know um way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and it's totally free anchor has all the creative well so well um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh okay so tools. You'll need you'll need you'll need you'll need you'll need need need need need need need need need need you'll need you'll need you'll need you'll need you'll need to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or computer you know uh like like I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean okay I mean like and even better Anchor will Distribute that podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you that way it gets you know um I mean okay um uh well well well well well well well well well well uh so on Apple or Spotify or everywhere else. You can find podcasts. It's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you uh well well well you know like I mean you know okay need to make make make make make make make make make make a podcast all in one place. So what are you waiting for so so so so so so so so so so like uh uh so so um like okay download the free anchor app app app app app app app app app app or go to Anchor FM to get started nerds? Consequence podcast Network this episode brought to you by Nick be.