Hi everyone, Welcome to our podcast PB and chill. We're your hosts Pooja and and and and and and and and and and bhavana. We're okay okay so um so um so uh so both juniors in college from Buffalo Buffalo Buffalo Buffalo Buffalo Buffalo Buffalo Buffalo Buffalo Buffalo New York, and we grew up as best friends I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like I mean like uh so uh and although we share a lot of experiences. Experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences. We still have our own take I mean you know uh like like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay okay on every situation and we're here coming at you live from poojas poojas poojas poojas poojas poojas poojas poojas poojas poojas um like well like like well um you know like basement. We're not live. Okay. Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay. We're here coming at you not live from you know so uh well uh well well well well well well well well well well okay I mean um pooches basement door. Reflect on these situations with you. We hope you you you you you you you you you you enjoy this episode uh I mean well you know okay you know so well I I I I I I I I I I mean of tv and chill. Thanks for listening. Hey everyone. Happy March Welcome to our our our our our our our our our our well um um um uh um uh so I mean third episode of PB and and and and and and and and and and chill in this episode. We are going to be well I mean I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean well well so well I mean talking about the necessity of romantic relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships in college. The reason I want to do um you know I mean so so so so so so so so so so so so uh well you know this particular episode is because I had a dream I I I I I I I I I I literally had a had a I mean okay okay you know well uh I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean you know dream where I was doing this podcast with Bob and I was basically sitting down now was asking Bob and uh, we both were not.