This week's this week's this week's this week's this week's this week's this this this this this this this this this this week's this week's this week's this week's episode is all about working away from from from from from from from from from from the home Mamas and the well uh like so well well uh well you know know know know know know know know know know stay-at-home moms. And we just kind of want to share our experiences since I stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay you know I mean I mean I mean okay so well um you know know know know know know know know know know at home with my kids Sam works out of the home and just kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of okay like well uh I mean well uh so um bring a little little little little little little little little little little bit of insight and show you that there are really you know well um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh like um you know great things. There are some really messy Parts about about about about about about about about about about each roll. So go and so okay well you know so like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um like do whatever you do when you listen to podcasts whether you're cleaning your your your your your your your your your your kitchen you know um like well you know okay like I mean so or or or or or or or or or or throw your kiddos in their stroller and go for a walk and let's okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean you know like uh well um chat. Hey mamas, mamas, mamas, mamas, mamas, mamas, mamas, mamas, mamas, mamas, I'm Sam and I'm Taryn and together. We're the we're the we're the we're the we're the the the the the the the the the the we're the we're the we're the we're the we're the messy Mama's we've like well well well well well well well well well well so I mean okay so uh so I mean created the messy Mama pod because because because because because because because because because because we've both experienced the messiness that motherhood brings. Like so like I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so. We're completely unfiltered and unapologetically ourselves as we chat about all things things things things things things things things things things motherhood. Once you know I mean I mean I mean you know well um um um um um um um um um um like so a month were going to be spotlighting one of you mama's so that that that that that that that that that that so well like like well like uh uh um you can share your story story story story story story story story story story advocate for your babies and connect with well um well uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean uh the other messy moms in our community dry. Shampoo is is is is is is is is is is our best friend in this shirt may or may not be Queen. Our lives are completely chaotic.