Welcome To welcome To welcome To welcome To welcome To welcome To welcome To To To To To To To To To To welcome To welcome To welcome To Girls Club a space where you'll experience realness vulnerability and and and and and and and and and and uh so um um you know I mean uh well I mean empowerment to to to to to to to to to to thrive in their relationships around you. I'm Angie white and I'm Shelby Diaz and um um um um um um um um um um okay well I mean so you know like okay well you grams 7 twinsies active active active active active active active active active active students in the space of friendships a less common type of okay okay okay like like like like like like like like like like I mean you know like like like relationship that's discussed. And we're here to share share share share share share share share share share all that. We've learned and still learning you know well so I mean you you you you you you you you you you know I mean you know so uh so grab a cold brew and join join join join join join join join join join us at the table. This um this um this um this um this um um um um um um um um um um this um this um this um this um this um well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know well um like okay is the girls go podcast. So Shelby Shelby Shelby Shelby Shelby Shelby Shelby Shelby Shelby Shelby nangi here and I wanted to give a um like so I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean okay um um like little shout out to Miss Perry who's listening every every every every every every every every every every week and I wanted to I mean you know um um well you know know know know know know know know know know so I mean you know say hello. I love you. Thanks for thanks for thanks for for for for for for for for for for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks for changing my diapers when I was little and I mean well well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean like you know I have a shout-out to to Perry the Platypus Platypus Platypus Platypus Platypus Platypus Platypus Platypus Platypus Platypus just wish that you okay like well you know um I mean um like like like like like like like like like like you know never seen. What is that is on Disney Channel and here's some some some some some some some some some some for okay uh okay so so you know so um I mean us. Yes. Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes. Oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, Hey, where's Perry? He's like he's like like like like like like like like like like he's like he's like he's like he's like he's like he's like he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's like he's like a spy. What was your favorite cartoon growing up favorite cartoon at what age like.