Have you thought about making your own podcast? Have you have you you you you you you you you you you have you have you have you have you have you have you have you you you you you you you you you you have you thought about views and you know so well um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like well like opinions and expertise you would like to share with the world? Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well anchor is you know um I mean uh okay well um well well the the the the the the the the the the easiest way to make a podcast. That's all making this podcast. Anchor gives you um so so so so so so so so so so um so you know okay you know I mean I mean everything you need need need need need need need need need need in one place for free and you can easily download so like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay well I mean well uh it onto your mobile device or computer. They have Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Creation tools allowing you okay okay like well uh um like like I mean to record record record record record record record record record record and edit so your podcast sounds great and they even distribute your okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well okay like okay you know uh like podcast to Spotify. Apple podcast Google Google Google Google Google Google Google Google Google Google podcast and so many more and the best um well uh well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um so part you can easily make money with your podcast with no no no no no no no no no no minimum listenership. So go so go so go so go so go so go so so so so so so so so so so go so go so go so go I mean you know um um um um um um um um um um you know uh you know well I mean I mean download the app app app app app app app app app app anchor or go to ANC hor dot f m-- to well okay so well um I I I I I I I I I I mean um well so get started. Hey, it's Ryan Reedy and this is episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode 102 of the two-minute tennis podcast. So so you know um like well okay okay like. So So So So So So So So So So I'm going to share with you a kind of the the lesson that I had today with for high-level women's doubles players.