I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN ESPN ESPN ESPN ESPN ESPN ESPN ESPN ESPN ESPN app TV top well okay okay you know you know uh uh you know so so so so so so so so so so now let the buzz. What is up afterbuzzers? Welcome back to our dare me after after after after after after after after after after show. Uh okay uh like um uh you know I mean well. Today. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're going to be breaking down season 1 episode 9 fog of war. Um you know know know know know know know know know know you know okay so um okay like well. This is the penultimate episode of this season season season season season season season season season season things are getting so real and we uh you know okay I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know um well have so much to talk about. I'm your I'm your I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your host Taylor grades and I am so well well well you know uh I I I I I I I I I I mean well uh joined by two amazing panelists tonight to my left. We have have have have have have have have have have we have we have we have we have we have we have we have have have have have have have have have have we have we have Ashman what's up guys and I mean um well I I I I I I I I I I mean um I mean so you know I mean to her left. We have a moon moon moon moon moon moon moon moon moon moon a hello winning in that jean jacket you know okay um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh well uh with yay. Yes. We're 20 today. I'm excited to do do do do do do do do do do the adding to my bathroom. You're glad I uh okay uh so so I mean well well well well well well well well well well uh okay guess okay. I'm in the back. A monkey in the middle right guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, what did well like well okay okay you know um like I mean you you you you you you you you you you think of this episode? This was so emotionally thrilling there was like so many moments where you didn't know what was happening things were being.