Hello. Hello and welcome to whatever number episode this is episode number four, you know well well well well well well well well well well um uh you know so I mean well uh but it's confusing because we we we we we we we we we we release the last two episodes out of order. When one I mean so I I I I I I I I I I mean uh you know uh okay so you know one three two. Oh, how will how how how how how how how how how how will they trust how will our fans? How uh well uh well so so so so so so so so so so okay you know uh well are we gonna get through this as a group? I think think think think think think think think think think I think that well um you know I mean okay uh I mean um um um um um um um um um um okay all hate mail to at Monday. No, you no, you no, you no, you you you you you you you you you you no, you no, you no, you no, you no, you no, you have to to to to to to to to to to it's more of I mean you know you know so I mean um um um um um um um um um um um um I mean like an avant-garde movie where they Least like where it's like like like like like like like like like like they don't show you um okay uh well so okay uh you know um the the the the the the the the the the current timeline like Witcher. I've hurt I would watch which I've heard. It's out I I I I I I I I I I mean so you know well so like well well so of order. I'm playing would you you you you you you you you you you right now? It's ruining my life. It okay it okay it okay it okay it it it it it it it it it it okay it okay it okay it okay it okay it okay like uh um um um um um um um um um um you know um I mean well okay is ruining your life. Yeah, you get so so so so so so so so so so addicted to video games. Yeah. Yes, uh um well I mean like you know so so so so so so so so so so like like you do. Wait. So what so what so what so what so so so so so so so so so so what so what so what so what so what so what are your your your your your your your your your your biggest Skyrim breath of the wild and now which okay you know um like well um um um um um um um um um um uh um so are you like medieval don't you I do. What about war? What What What What What What What What What What about like like guns big so I mean well I mean well you know so so so so so so so so so so um I mean fan of shooter games? I guess think since you were there were a lot of the Rings girl.