Hi everyone. Welcome to ocbc insights. I'm Selena Ling Chief Economist for CPC CPC CPC CPC CPC CPC CPC CPC CPC CPC bang today. You know you know you know you know you know you know you you you you you you you you you you know you know you know you know okay like um so you know well well well well well well well well well well I mean you know. I'm sharing with you about the feds emergency 50 basis basis basis basis basis basis basis basis basis basis point cut the fat unanimously well well so um like like you know um I I I I I I I I I I mean cut the federal funds rate by an emergency 50-point citing a material change change change change change change change change change change in I mean uh so well like you know you know like you know the the the the the the the the the the u.s. Outlook due to the covid-19 outbreak fed chairman Powell basically indicated that the the the the the the the the the the um you know uh so like so okay you know like virus and the the the the the the the the the the measures that are being taken to contain. It will surely like I mean okay well well well well well well well well well well I mean so um you know okay way on economic activity both in the US and and and and and and and and and and abroad for some time. This you this you this you this you this you you you you you you you you you you this you this you this you this you this you know well like like like like like like like like like like you know like well um you know like came earlier than scheduled March fomc meeting meeting meeting meeting meeting meeting meeting meeting meeting meeting but clearly illustrates. What we what we what we what we what we what what what what what what what what what what we what we what we what we what we said about the you know know know know know know know know know know so like so okay uh well like like FED being cornered in to a a a a a a a a a a 50 basis point cut by market. The question so like I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so so well like that remains is where will the FED go from from from from from from from from from from here? If you reference the you know I mean like you know well so so so so so so so so so so um like you know G7 meeting of Finance Chiefs that actually felt to reveal more more more more more more more more more more than verbal jawboning. Uh well I mean I mean so um um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know. So our senses look to the market reaction Wall Street quickly sold off while US Treasury bonds got an adrenaline boost. We saw the two-year you.