Are you guys today's episode of the drunk tank podcast is brought to I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know you know like um you know you by anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting in distributing your podcast. So So So So So So So So So So I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I I I I I I I I I I so I so I mean um okay I mean okay um um like. Best of of of of of of of of of of best of best of best of best of best of best of best best best best best best best best best best of best of best of all, it's a hundred percent free. It's ridiculously ridiculously ridiculously ridiculously ridiculously ridiculously ridiculously ridiculously ridiculously ridiculously easy to use now anger you know okay okay I mean okay I I I I I I I I I I mean uh okay okay can match you with great spot. So you want to advertise on on on on on on on on on on your podcast. That um well uh you know well um I mean you know know know know know know know know know know uh means you can get paid to podcasts right away. In fact, that's what I I I I I I I I I I mean uh well well uh so well like well I'm doing right right right right right right right right right right now by reading sad I said it before but you know, I mean well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know uh like well we love using incre you can can can can can can can can can can hit record start talking. It stopped it stopped it stopped it stopped it stopped it stopped stopped stopped stopped stopped stopped stopped stopped stopped stopped it stopped it stopped it stopped it stopped save the audio. I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so well uh you know well I mean so. It's very easy to you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, Trim the starting and end points if you want like I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay you know I mean I mean to cut out some, you know dead are are are are are are are are are are very easy to do that as well. So, uh okay I mean okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay so you know, if you've always wanted to start a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and make money doing okay like you know well okay well uh you you you you you you you you you you know you know it go to Anchor dot f m / start that's anchored FM FM FM FM FM FM FM FM FM FM / start you know so okay you know you know like so uh so so so so so so so so so so Let's Roll whole ruin the lives in with an hour race, Binghamton. We don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't we don't we don't we don't we don't we don't we don't we don't we don't we we we we we we we we we we don't have anything to look forward to all year. So in that that first Saturday March.