What's up - Lapham. Welcome to taking sides the marriage podcast with Dylan and and and and and and and and and and Ashlee like so uh you know like uh I mean uh um of the the the the the the the the the the - Lee's we are on a high right now. We just you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so so so well okay well filmed one podcast with one of my heroes in in in in in in in in in in this world Ralphie Jacobs from taking from okay um so so I mean well well I I I I I I I I I I mean you know taking sides from Simply on purpose - we should ever on on on on on on on on on on this podcast. Well okay uh well okay like okay um you know. So So So So So So So So So So that's going to be on big little life right now. We have we we we we we we we we we we have we have we have we have we have we have we have we have we we we we we we we we we we have all of I mean like well okay uh um well like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean your emails. We're just going to go through them answer them with our heart. Heart heart heart heart heart heart heart heart heart. I'm okay okay you know I mean like well so uh uh really trying to answer answer answer answer answer answer answer answer answer answer these well for you guys down and I are just well uh um I I I I I I I I I I mean well you know okay you know I mean two normal people. Or and and and and and and and and and and we have our own struggles. So we're just well like so uh uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like going to tell you what we would hope that we would do in in in in in in in in in in these situations. Okay you know well I mean like you know okay you you you you you you you you you you know I mean. We would hope that we would do and will also tell you what what what what what what what what what what we have uh uh uh I mean you know like you know okay well done done done done done done done done done done which was probably what we hoped. We wouldn't do combined with some things. We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've um so uh uh I mean well I mean you know uh learned in marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage therapy and books and all that good stuff. So without further Ado, uh well well well well well well well well well well um uh okay so so you know I mean let's get started by do it looks looks looks looks looks looks looks looks looks looks of mine with the stuff from books. Okay you know so okay like you you you you you you you you you you know okay you know well. Hey everyone, you're listening to taking sides with the - Lee's a show where couples and.