Welcome to inside the 18. I'm Michael Majid with me is 99 World Cup Cup Cup Cup Cup Cup Cup Cup Cup Cup winner. So well so well so well so well so well so well so so so so so so so so so so well so well so well so well okay I mean like well you know you you you you you you you you you you know you know. Saskia Weber who still a little bit annoyed from yesterday's first first first first first first first first first first spring UCLA match. You know you know you know you know you know know know know know know know know know know you know you know you know you know you know okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean you know um you know. I'm not annoyed. I'm annoyed at at at at at at at at at at things. I probably can't talk about but it's okay. What's um you know know know know know know know know know know um I mean so okay well okay I mean up? Everybody? We're actually joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined by a very special guest today. We've got the Athletics goalkeeping you know like so so so so so so so so so so like uh uh so okay well Guru map his drow ski joining us all the way from from from from from from from from from from Sweden. What okay you know okay so so um so uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean is up dude? How are you? I'm great. Thanks for having me happy to you know you you you you you you you you you you know like okay um so um like well be Back, you know, it's always always always always always always always always always always it's always really good when you can get a like um like um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so I mean so somebody to talk MLS from Europe. Yeah you go you you you you you you you you you you go all the way to um well like well so like okay you know know know know know know know know know know uh Sweden to find somebody to tell him a story about that. What's your theory? uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh I mean uh well uh um you know Hey, how many hours hours hours hours hours hours hours hours hours hours a day? Is it is it is it is it is it is it is is is is is is is is is is it is it is it is it dark there right now? Yeah, so yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so do many right so you have nothing else to do.