Due to due to due to due to due to due to due to to to to to to to to to to due to due to due to the graphic nature of this murder case case case case case case case case case case listener discretion is advised this episode um uh uh I mean I mean well well well well well well well well well well okay so well includes dramatisations and discussions of murder and assault that some people may may may may may may may may may may find offensive. Okay uh uh I mean uh um you know you know know know know know know know know know know well. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 on an eerie, eerie, eerie, eerie, eerie, eerie, eerie, eerie, eerie, eerie, October 9th in 1961. You know like uh you know I mean um I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean you know. Something wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky. That is at 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 a.m. On so um well like uh um like so uh October 27th some night owl. Owls Owls Owls Owls Owls Owls Owls Owls Owls Owls in an all-girl dorm were transfixed by a so uh I mean um like like like like like like like like like like um uh okay well woman wandering their campus. What is what is what is is is is is is is is is is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is is is is is is is is is is she doing? What if she sees us watching we um you know so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh you know I mean I mean like should close the blinds too late. He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's coming he's coming he's coming he's coming he's coming he's coming he's coming he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's coming he's coming he's coming up the lawn. Please have you well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um well so uh well like seen my daughter Betty Gale Brown? Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh mrs. Brown. I'm so sorry. I didn't recognize well so I mean like I mean um um um um um um um um um um like like well you the police were just here. I know she was studying here. But your house mother told me she left hours ago and.