Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made uh um like like like like like like like like like like I mean uh you know um okay you know with only the freshest milk milk milk milk milk milk milk milk milk milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading so so um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like uh well on your morning Bagel. Now where you get that that that that that that that that that that big ol should be the like well I mean okay you know so um like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh only subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has philadelphia has philadelphia has has has has has has has has has has philadelphia has philadelphia has philadelphia has philadelphia has philadelphia has philadelphia has philadelphia has been been been been been been been been been been doing like so so well so like uh uh well this since 1872 Philadelphia schmear schmear schmear schmear schmear schmear schmear schmear schmear schmear perfection. Welcome to the hottest take I'm Juliet lime. And okay um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh like you know I mean today I'm joined by Craig gains Mallory Mallory Mallory Mallory Mallory Mallory Mallory Mallory Mallory Mallory Rubin and Amanda Dobbins and Mallory you have okay I mean okay I I I I I I I I I I mean so uh okay okay um floor. Blast the handwritten. Thank you note into into into into into into into into into into the fucking Sun not just don't send uh uh uh uh uh so so so so so so so so so so so I mean like him send him off the Earth. What is your problem with with with with with with with with with with a handwritten? Thank you note. Uh you know well you know like you know well well well well well well well well well well well um. I'm at a hard disagree. Whatever you say cuz I love them a lot of of of of of of of of of of well okay uh uh well you know so you know okay this is about my personal anxiety about being beholden to other people. Mmm. Okay. Yeah. I just don't.