Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to the dr. Berg healthy Ketone intermittent fasting podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Now your host the you know like well so well um well like well well well well well well well well well well man taking your health to a whole new level. Dr. Eric Berg. Today. We're um you you you you you you you you you you know well um you know okay so okay like going to talk about the seven seven seven seven seven seven seven seven seven seven benefits of taking a cold shower. This is really I mean um like uh um um um um um um um um um um like uh well um about something called cryotherapy cold therapy now with cryotherapy you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're put into a crowd chamber okay I mean um okay okay you know um you you you you you you you you you you know well for just a very small amount of time because it's a a a a a a a a a a very very uh I mean so well okay uh you know you know know know know know know know know know know okay cold to me. Maybe three maybe up to five minutes and this concept is really really really really really really really really really really so well okay uh okay like uh well like based on this word hormesis. Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay for me scenes, what does that that okay I mean like um well well I I I I I I I I I I mean uh uh is a situation where you're adding a low dose dress or or or or or or or or or or a moderate you know well um I mean you know okay well like like amount of of of of of of of of of of stress to create a beneficial effect. There's a lot of things that so I I I I I I I I I I mean you know uh um okay like so like can create this effect. This is is is is is is is is is is called hormetic effect, but it's really a survival mechanism like well I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean so so well um so that's been around for eons. I mean if you think about in the past with human bodies the combination of.