We have we have we have we have we have we have we have have have have have have have have have have we have we have we have to pay the bills, and if you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys have been thinking about starting okay uh okay uh I mean okay like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so your own podcast, let me tell you something. If you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor is you know like you know you know I mean um I mean so so so so so so so so so so I mean the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free free free free free free free free free free their creation tools you know I mean I mean okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from from from from from from from from from from your phone or computer. You know uh I mean I mean so well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So you can be be be be be be be be be be heard on Spotify Apple podcast you know you know uh um like so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know and many more you can make money from your podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. No minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you uh like like uh okay um so so so so so so so so so so okay I mean need to make a podcast in one place. So download download download download download download download download download download the free acre app or go okay so you know okay uh uh like you know know know know know know know know know know well to Anchored ifm to get started. Hey, do you want to join in in in in in in in in in in I mean uh so so uh well well well uh on the excitement Live Live Live Live Live Live Live Live Live Live join me every Tuesday night 7:00 p.m. On the Chevy I mean so like like like like like like like like like like um like like uh you know I mean dude YouTube channel. If you can't make make make make make make make make make make it check out your favourite podcasting so okay um you know like like like like like like like like like like um okay uh um platform at 6 a.m. Eastern time every Wednesday morning. Morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning. This is this is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is beyond where you'll learn uh um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well um uh well tips and techniques on the car buying process. Us how to get the best deal what stands to watch out for and much more.