Happy birthday, happy birthday, happy birthday, happy birthday, happy birthday, happy birthday, birthday, birthday, birthday, birthday, birthday, birthday, birthday, birthday, birthday, happy birthday, happy birthday, happy birthday, happy birthday, the weed tube. You're two years years years years years years years years years years old. And I love you. Uh you know okay um well like okay well okay. Okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay. This is this is this is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this this is this is this is fun to speculate a podcast where we speculate about wild wild wild wild wild wild wild wild wild wild and crazy ideas. Like well like okay I mean like well I mean so. So so so so so so so so so. And now here's your host Aaron Richard. Hi everybody Welcome to a brand new episode okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so you know um you know um uh I mean of fun to to to to to to to to to to speculate. I'm your host Aaron Richard and sitting next to me like well well well well well well well well well well so I mean I mean you know well okay uh is producer Vlad. Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi guys. I'm back. Well, yes you were sick last um I mean so you know know know know know know know know know know okay you know I mean um you know for the last episode. That's right. Yeah, because because because because because because because because because because in the grand scheme of things we okay so well uh so so so so so so so so so so um you know you know you know recorded it's actually been a while while while while while while while while while while since we like sat here to like like uh so okay okay like so so so so so so so so so so so do and episode 2 because we recorded so many episodes in like a three-day three-day three-day three-day three-day three-day three-day three-day three-day three-day well so so so like I mean so well um time span and we we we we we we we we we we had a nice little break in between and now we have so okay uh so so so so so so so so so so uh okay you know um okay to catch up and record one like every every every every every every every every every every week or schedule another week of okay uh so like well you know so so so so so so so so so so okay okay insanity. That's okay though. I love this show. I love this show. I I I I I I I I I I want well so you know well I mean like uh you know well well well well well well well well well well this show. I hope everyone in the world listens to that's a little little little little little little little little little little bit well I mean um you know um like okay like uh extreme, but, you you you you you you you you you you know, I hope a lot of people enjoy it. I like you know know know know know know know know know know well well you know well uh okay um hope we keep the topics coming in in in in in in in in in in good thought-provoking ways, and I just hope we always keep it entertaining for you. So, thank you.