So people are always asking me. Wow, Donna. You must you must you must you must must must must must must must must must must you must you must you must you must you must you must be so so so so so so so so so so you know I mean so like I mean like you know you know know know know know know know know know know I mean tech-savvy how in the world, you know how to make a a a a a a a a a a podcast and I so um you know you know I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well crack up because I am not tech savvy. I just use an an an an an an an an an an app called you know like I mean okay uh like so like uh anchor which which which which which which which which which which I highly recommend to anyone. It is it is it is it is it it it it it it it it it it is it is it is it is it is it is a free app. It gives gives gives gives gives gives gives gives gives gives it gives it gives it gives it gives it gives it gives it gives it it it it it it it it it it gives it gives so so like uh so um so well uh you step-by-step step-by-step step-by-step step-by-step step-by-step step-by-step step-by-step step-by-step step-by-step step-by-step directions on how to create your very own podcast. The audio you know know know know know know know know know know okay okay uh um you know like like well is exceptional. There are free editing's editing's editing's editing's editing's editing's editing's editing's editing's editing's tools and the best part is um you know so so well like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well um that they distribute the out your podcast for you and So if if if if if if if if if if you're interested in so like uh well well well I mean uh like making making making making making making making making making making a podcast just download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. Dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot. Well well like uh you know I mean well like you know. F F F F F F F F F F m-- to get started that anchor ANC hor dot f m-- and you um you know know know know know know know know know know well well you know I mean I mean okay well can have a podcast to to to to to to to to to to welcome. Welcome to another episode of the good sign with you know so well I I I I I I I I I I mean you know you know like uh like me your host honest him in tove. Tove Tove Tove Tove Tove Tove Tove Tove Tove. Thank you so much for tuning in to I mean um like um well well well well well well well well well well so I mean like well this week's episode. I am thrilled honored excited really really happy to be sitting here with my most beautiful.