You're listening to the buying Graphics podcast. This is an episode that originally so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh I mean I mean so okay aired on YouTube. So So So So So So So So So So the used to be a visual element. There is there is there is there is is is is is is is is is is there is there is there is there is there is there is not any any any any any any any any any any like uh um uh like uh um well so more. This is just for your your your your your your your your your your listening pleasure. Maybe you're out walking the dog or like okay so like like like like like like like like like like like so um so well driving the car where it's not so easy to watch watch watch watch watch watch watch watch watch watch the video version. This is like I mean I mean uh um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so why this audio version exists. If you like us us us us us us us us us us doing this, please do leave us a I mean like okay like um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well like like review wherever your podcasts we really do appreciate it and let's get into into into into into into into into into into this episode. So uh like okay um well I mean I mean uh. So today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's highly recognizable protagonist was hailed as a genius of entertainment a wizard of okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like so um okay like uh like like animation. A pioneer apioneer apioneer apioneer apioneer apioneer apioneer apioneer apioneer apioneer apioneer apioneer apioneer apioneer apioneer apioneer apioneer apioneer apioneer of technology and theme parks the influence of Walt Walt Walt Walt Walt Walt Walt Walt Walt Walt Disney on today's I mean you know you know uh well I I I I I I I I I I mean you know okay uh popular culture and Collective imagination. It cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot be understated. You could love him. You can uh I mean I mean uh like like like like like like like like like like like like um you know hate him or you can love to hate him him him him him him him him him him but you simply cannot ignore okay uh uh okay like so you know well well well well well well well well well well well his work Walt Disney once famously said that laughter is America's greatest export but but but but but but but but but but well, um okay like so so I mean okay so so it's not is is is is is is is is is is actually travel and transportation with 236 billion dollars in sales in 2017, but sale of intellectual property including TV and movies.