Welcome everyone to the score fantasy football podcast. I'm your host Justin Boon to like like like like like like like like like like you know well so okay uh like um well leave fantasy Analyst at the score. Score score score score score score score score score. The NFL combine is over. We're recording this on Monday like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so um well well okay um morning. So at this point we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've at least had a couple days to digest some okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh uh so I mean okay of the performances from the skill position position position position position position position position position position players and that's what we're going to talk about like well well so so like like like like like like like like like like like okay so today the offense of risers and fallers from the combine. And And And And And And And And And And I know I said I mean uh okay I mean so so you know know know know know know know know know know uh uh this on last week's show but I have to reiterate you cannot freak out well well well well well well well well well well um you know well you know so like well um about one data point from from from from from from from from from from the combine. These are Incredibly talented athletes. I mean most I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well well okay uh you know well well of the 40-yard dash times. It's just just just just just just just just just just an example, but they're / like fractions of okay uh so okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so um okay a second. So that shouldn't make you wildly swinging your view view view view view view view view view view of a player uh well I mean so uh okay like so like but but but but but but but but but but we did learn some things some players had much better showing than others. You know know know know know know know know know know you know okay uh uh I mean uh like well. So I want to go over that stuff today and joining me to talk about.