These entrepreneurs are are one very Savvy some have been through it before some have been you you you you you you you you you you know um okay well uh like like um I mean through multiple exits others. This is is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this this is this is a first-time kind of thing, but they I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so okay okay like um all have one common thread which is is is is is is is is is is they know where there's a pain in sports or okay um you you you you you you you you you you know I mean you know I mean um so I mean Esports. They They They They They They They They They They know they know they know they know they know they know they know they they they they they they they they they they know they know they know they have a solution for that and they know that that that that that that that that that that there are uh so okay I mean well um so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean people willing to pay for that pain to go away. You're listening to sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports Tech feed well you know I mean well um uh okay you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean the global Sports technology podcast. Fast that's right. You listen to sports take feed. Feed feed feed feed feed feed feed feed feed. I mean so like well you know I mean like well uh. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your host. Tom salome's great to have you joining us. Once again, we've got okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um so so so okay well um well a really insightful and interesting discussion discussion discussion discussion discussion discussion discussion discussion discussion discussion today with Tim Hayden Tim's the co-founder and managing director like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh um uh um okay you know of stadia Ventures. Stadia is a global global global global global global global global global global Sports Innovation Hub, including accelerator and fund for you know okay you know you you you you you you you you you you know um okay you know you know well early-stage investments in sports and Esports. They've They've They've They've They've They've They've They've They've They've had they've had they've had they've had they've had they've had they've had they've they've they've they've they've they've they've they've they've they've had they've had they've had over 40 cohort company since uh well um um um um um um um um um um uh you know uh okay um you know it launched in 2015, including five five five five five five five five five five successful exits, and I was lucky enough to well okay um okay uh like um um um um um um um um um um like well judge their Global demo and selection day a few weeks ago and sent Lewis and.