Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring the first of two episodes on the the the the the the the the the the well like so well you know um uh uh uh big burn from the natural natural natural natural natural natural natural natural natural natural disasters podcast back in 1910 87 people perished in um I mean you know know know know know know know know know know I mean you know so uh I mean well a horrific two-day wildfire that burned burned burned burned burned burned burned burned burned burned three million Acres. It would change the way people you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay uh well I mean uh looked at firefighters and force Congress Congress Congress Congress Congress Congress Congress Congress Congress Congress to increase the budget for the u.s. You know okay um um like well you you you you you you you you you you know well um. Forest service to hear more episodes like this follow natural disasters free free free free free free free free free free on spotify. Like I mean well you know um like you know well like. Wherever Wherever Wherever Wherever Wherever Wherever Wherever Wherever Wherever Wherever you wherever you wherever you wherever you wherever you wherever you wherever you wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever you wherever you wherever you get your podcasts. Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster disaster disaster disaster disaster disaster disaster disaster disaster disaster listener discretion is uh okay well like like okay um like so advised Extreme Caution Caution Caution Caution Caution Caution Caution Caution Caution Caution is advised for listeners under 13 at 3 p.m. On August so so I I I I I I I I I I mean well okay uh uh so um 20th, 1910 Forest ranger Ed Pulaski and and and and and and and and and and a ragtag team of young volunteers um uh okay uh okay well okay so so so so so so so so so so well were clearing brush on a ridge above the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was a hot day but the sun was obscured by.