Something to note all myths have many versions and variations for this episode. Episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. Um you know so well um well you know you know okay. We've selected those we we we we we we we we we we fell to the most dramatic and entertaining and supplemented them well uh okay so like like like like like like like like like like I mean so um well with additional Research into Blackfoot traditions because mythology comes comes comes comes comes comes comes comes comes comes from oral tradition. There's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a wide like well um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um like I mean I mean variety across sources are myths may not always always always always always always always always always always be the version you're familiar with but we well like like so like um um um um um um um um um um okay okay so hope you'll enjoy them. Long Arrow long Arrow long Arrow long long long long long long long long long long Arrow long Arrow long Arrow long Arrow long Arrow long Arrow long Arrow stumbled through through through through through through through through through through the early morning Darkness desperate not to uh uh I mean um you know know know know know know know know know know well so I mean you know lose the trail of his people. He'd He'd He'd He'd He'd He'd He'd He'd He'd He'd been following them day and night. He was he was he was he was was was was was was was was was was he was he was he was he was he was he was okay you know well well well well well well well well well well um so like so okay like filthy hungry. And for and for and for and and and and and and and and and and for and for and for and for and for and for and for the first time time time time time time time time time time in his life alone. Oh long arrows foot uh you know uh well well um um um um um um um um um um um so you know hit a rock and he tumbled to the ground known to to to to to to to to to to be deaf and assumed uh uh okay uh uh um so um like to be stupid the orphan long Arrow. Had been abandoned by his tribe in a community where.