Hey, what's up? Welcome to city boy Rock podcast. This is episode 5. I'm Vincent Vincent Vincent Vincent Vincent Vincent Vincent Vincent Vincent Vincent rim. Uh like I mean uh uh uh like well well. I'm sure I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure I'm sure it's acorah and we got a lot to talk about this week like like like like like like like like like like like you know um you know um um like I mean starting with the the the the the the the the the the Scion versus LeBron two matchups. I have I have I have I have I have I I I I I I I I I I have I have I have I have I have no over the past okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean so well so I mean well I mean week. We got the the the the the the the the the the NFL. We got we got we got we got we got we got got got got got got got got got got we got we got we got we got the beef between James Harden and Giannis Giannis Giannis Giannis Giannis Giannis Giannis Giannis Giannis Giannis antetokounmpo. Uh like uh like uh like uh like uh like uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh like uh like uh like um I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know I mean. Yes, sir MVP race and then be a and finally talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk on it. We're going um okay well I mean well I mean you know well well well well well well well well well well so to touch on to attack of a low and possibly the Redskins drafting them. All All All All All All All All All All um I mean so you know well okay you know like uh right right right right right right right right right right lot talk about co co Hey, what's up Tre was uh um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay uh so you know good. Visit beautiful day outside somebody 60s all all all all all all all all all all week here in Maryland. Looking forward you know uh well okay well uh you you you you you you you you you you know uh uh to this week, but it's great pests who week of sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports the past I mean well uh so I mean like well uh so week as as as as as as as as as as far as been amazing. We got two great matchups between Lakers in the okay you you you you you you you you you you know um I mean um you know you know uh um Pelicans Lakers won both those games and close to side of matchups. LeBron showed up big and.