Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to the next episode of on your mark on the Barker media media media media media media media media media media network. So I mean uh uh okay uh okay I mean you know. I'm your your your your your your your your your your host Chris Ferrara and we have a great show in store for you like uh um um um um um um um um um um I mean like like well okay um today. Today. We're going to dive into into into into into into into into into into the world of Animation. We're going to talk uh I mean okay so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean I mean about Pixar Animation studio. And today and today and today today today today today today today today today today and today and today and today and today and today and today and today today today today today today today today today today I have an amazing guest with me a uh uh you know okay um um um um um um um um um um I mean like uh I mean first-hand animator and one of my dear dear dear dear dear dear dear dear dear dear friends and Rukia. Andrew say andrew say andrew say andrew say andrew say say say say say say say say say say andrew say andrew say andrew say andrew say andrew say uh I mean you know you you you you you you you you you you know uh um so um you know hi to everybody look guys Andrew and and and and and and and and and and me had been talking about how uh okay so so well so um well well well well well well well well well well um we could get him on the podcast and stuff. He wanted to talk about about about about about about about about about about like uh um well uh so I mean uh you know and me and and and and and and and and and and Andrew always talk about animated films. So we thought this would be so okay you know know know know know know know know know know I mean I mean like okay like I mean you know, the perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect category to kind of start this realm of the show and to get Andrews insights because Andrew has a lot of insights in this this world that.