Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese um um um um um um um um um um um um uh um well okay you know so made with only the freshest milk and and and and and and and and and and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect uh like you know like I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay well you know for spreading on your morning Bagel. Now where you get get get get get get get get get get that big ol should be so um I mean you know so uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know uh the only subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia has been well you know so um okay you know you know like so doing this this this this this this this this this this since 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello and welcome to the hottest like well well well well well well well well well well okay so well so so you know I mean take my name is Chris ryan. Ryan Ryan Ryan Ryan Ryan Ryan Ryan Ryan Ryan. I'm joined by Mallory Rubin David Shoemaker I mean you know uh well um um um um um um um um um um um well like like and Roger Sherman and Roger has the floor. Best day day day day day day day day day day for Holiday to be during well so well I mean okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like okay uh the week is Thursday. Mmm. The three-day the three-day the three-day three-day three-day three-day three-day three-day three-day three-day three-day three-day the three-day the three-day the three-day the three-day the three-day the three-day the the the the the the the the the the three-day weekend is an inferior option to so I mean well well you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean well just having a random holiday in the middle of of of of of of of of of of the week for Roger at the well okay um I mean okay uh um um um um um um um um um um um uh government. The government has thrusted all of our holidays on to Monday Monday Monday Monday Monday Monday Monday Monday Monday Monday the worst day of the week, which a holiday could be so you are saying you'd prefer.