Greetings Prince greetings Prince greetings Prince greetings Prince greetings Prince greetings Prince greetings greetings greetings greetings greetings greetings greetings greetings greetings greetings Prince greetings Prince greetings Prince greetings Prince apps welcome to the second episode of the the the the the the the the the the government being cast a podcast well you know you know so you know so okay like so so so so so so so so so so dedicated to discussing the adapters. Titanic's will gain produced by Games Workshop. This is well well well well well well well well well well like uh uh so um I mean so you know the second ever podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast I've ever made. So I hope this isn't too horrible and okay like like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh um I mean well still trying to find my feet. So I I I I I I I I I I hope you are bear with the bad editing so well okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so okay so in places. I've done my best to fix stuff and re-recorded re-recorded re-recorded re-recorded re-recorded re-recorded re-recorded re-recorded re-recorded re-recorded sections that were so well okay uh so like uh uh so terrible. Terrible terrible terrible terrible terrible terrible terrible terrible terrible. Anyway, let's get on with the show in this show. I cover I cover I I I I I I I I I I cover I cover I cover I cover I cover I cover I cover I cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover recent um like I mean okay so well so like you know news and questions that that that that that that that that that that I've been asked by the community. I then spend okay uh so um um I I I I I I I I I I mean okay um um the rest of the show focus on a conversation about maniples maniples maniples maniples maniples maniples maniples maniples maniples maniples the basic building blocks of the well uh like like um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like you know game. I was intending to spend some time discussing how to use them them them them them them them them them them as um so I mean well okay you know like well so narrative devices, devices, devices, devices, devices, devices, devices, devices, devices, devices, but following some feedback and realizing have a lot of Basic Ground so well well well well well well well well well well uh uh so uh you know so so to cover I'll be focusing on on on on on on on on on on the man of courses primarily from gaming you know I mean um um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um I mean so perspective. This is a longer episode than I initially planned planned planned planned planned planned planned planned planned planned and you'll probably like so like well uh uh I mean well I mean notice a a a a a a a a a a slight change in Styles throughout the main section of the shug. This I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh well um okay week work was a lot busier than I was expecting and much for my normal recording time was taken by.