Welcome to the UK fancy football show goes weekly podcast discusses many football football football football football football football football football football like well I mean well um um so um so fans. Favorite Favorite Favorite Favorite Favorite Favorite Favorite Favorite Favorite Favorite pastime favorite pastime favorite pastime favorite pastime favorite pastime favorite pastime favorite pastime favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite pastime favorite pastime favorite pastime will be analyzing gaming 28 results discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing the shock defeat to Liverpool okay like I mean so I mean like you you you you you you you you you you know um well the end there invincibles hope and revealing our team's the game week week week week week week week week week week 29 joining you know like you know okay uh um um you know um um um um um um um um um um us this week for the second time. This season is gold head of news like like like like like like like like like like um like okay okay uh you know you know so and features Peter staunton. Staunton Staunton Staunton Staunton Staunton Staunton Staunton Staunton Staunton. Last time you came on your above Dave despite not touching your you know so so so so so so so so so so so okay uh you know you know like so team since game week one. Yeah, how how how how how how how how how how you faring now? Not very good. I'm you know um I mean um um um um um um um um um um so I mean um well okay about 3.7 million. In the world, which is is is is is is is is is is still about half way. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I well um like like okay well well well well well well well well well well so like you know think out of you know, all the people that are are are are are are are are are are still interested. I used okay I mean okay um okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh to interested though well-known. I get the impression you're not from from the fact okay like like like like like like like like like like so like uh uh uh like uh you have a lot of players on on on on on on on on on on your team you are playing. Well well you know like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um um like you know the problem there was The League Cup Final so there was games rescheduled so I didn't have players in the team last week and sigurdsson.