Hello friends and welcome to another episode of the John cast we we we we we we we we we we are back it you know um I mean so uh well um okay um is is is is is is is is is is nearly 2 p.m. And I am still in my pajamas that is not you you you you you you you you you you know um you know okay um well so uh so on account of laziness that that that that that that that that that that is actually on account of the fact that I have been working uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know like like um uh really really hard today been editing editing editing editing editing editing editing editing editing editing some stuff right now sweet bear and I we I mean um so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean so I mean you know okay are in South Carolina and we have some some some some some some some some some some friends coming down here to meet. Eat us you know um well okay so well well well well well well well well well well well um okay in a few days. It's one of our good good good good good good good good good good friends. It's her birthday and um uh okay um I mean well well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so will kind of be taking Thursday most of Thursday and some of Friday off. I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean um uh uh um um so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know. So I'm actually recording this on a Wednesday. And so today was was was was was was was was was was like my big uh okay okay like like like uh well uh day to kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of get ahead on everything so that I can unplug a you know so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know uh okay like uh little bit and be fully present with with with with with with with with with with sweet bear and our friends to celebrate big uh okay well um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean I mean shout out to Rebecca. It is your birthday. I think tomorrow by the time this comes out.