Hi, I'm near a all and this is the near and far like like like like like like like like like like you know you know you know like so um okay I mean podcast. This podcast this this this this this this this this this this podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast this podcast is about business Behavior. And the Brain on this show. I do um um um um um um um um um um so like um uh uh you know um um a few things. I read quick articles. Articles articles articles articles articles articles articles articles articles. I've written about topics shaping your behavior. I uh okay um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like uh I mean interview authors of books. I enjoy and and and and and and and and and and from time to time. I devote I devote I devote I devote I devote I I I I I I I I I I devote I devote I devote I devote I devote episodes to answering okay like like like like like like like like like like like well um well I mean okay okay your questions. If you if you if you you you you you you you you you you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you you you you you you you you you you want to ask me a question visit the podcast page I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh uh well um like so on iTunes go to ratings and reviews reviews reviews reviews reviews reviews reviews reviews reviews reviews and ask me a question by leaving um like um um like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um okay uh a review. I promise to read it and Possibly include your question a a a a a a a a a a future uh well okay like um okay like well well episode. So please ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask me anything now enjoy the episode and for more you okay okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um um I mean like can always visit me at near and far.com. How How How How How How How How How How to trigger product usage that okay so uh um okay um I mean um um um um um um um um um um uh sticks by Janet Choi for near and far.com meditation like any healthy habit habit habit habit habit habit habit habit habit habit takes like uh you know okay like um okay I mean so repetition to stick but but but but but but but but but but while the folks behind calm a meditation and mindfulness app knew their products core value was helping.