Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book series. Series series series series series series series series series. The so okay I mean like like like uh you know you know know know know know know know know know know knowledge is focused on helping you change your life in four key areas retaining retaining retaining retaining retaining retaining retaining retaining retaining retaining the okay like I mean you know you know uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh information that I teach personal growth improving your relationships. And of and of of of of of of of of of of and of and of and of and of and of and of and of and of of of of of of of of of of course re uh okay well you know well like uh um well attracting attracting attracting attracting attracting attracting attracting attracting attracting attracting your eggs available now at ask Greg dotnet Hi there. I'm coach Craig kenneth. Um Um Um Um Um Um Um Um Um Um well um well um well um well um well um well um well um well well well well well well well well well well um well um well okay so okay so well I mean well. Well well well well well well well well well. I'm coach Margaret. And today we're going to be talking about soul mates. Okay um okay um um um um um um um um um um okay um okay um okay um okay um okay um okay um okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um well well I mean I mean I mean you know. So some of you you you you you you you you you you guys out there believe in soul mates. Some of some of some some some some some some some some some some of some of some of some of some of some of some of some some some some some some some some some some of you don't okay well I mean um uh okay um uh um some of of of of of of of of of of you guys have this idea of like a twin flame some of you you you you you you you you you you so um uh well uh like uh uh uh don't but today we're going to look look look look look look look look look look at soul mates and Margaret and I have some interesting ideas on it that hopefully will Enlighten you or get you to.