Sunday seems to be our day where we really try to get our act act act act act act act act act act together okay I mean I mean um you know so like I mean like before the the the the the the the the the the work week. It includes it includes it includes it includes it includes it includes it includes includes includes includes includes includes includes includes includes includes it includes it includes it includes the kids because we really enjoy our time you you you you you you you you you you know so uh okay like like like like uh off on Saturdays and Sundays as as as as as as as as as as a family and we just got a lotta things that we I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh you know you know so well I mean okay okay tend to do on the the the the the the the the the the weekends. We're busy but Sunday, especially given against okay okay okay you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well well like so towards the evening as like look kids. Kids kids kids kids kids kids kids kids kids. Do you have any homework what needs to I mean okay okay uh um so so so so so so so so so so like you know um be done for tomorrow? Get your clothes out clean your rooms. Let's start start start start start start start start start start well uh I mean uh like okay I mean uh um packing lunches. Etc it's etc it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's etc it's etc it's etc it's etc it's etc it's etc it's etc it's etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc it's it's just a reminder that we gotta get back like um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like well okay to work and school tomorrow morning. I like teasing teasing teasing teasing teasing teasing teasing teasing teasing teasing my kids at this time uh so okay uh so you know um like like like like like like like like like like okay because it's a i you guys. I know I know I know I know I I I I I I I I I I know I know I know I know I know I know that that that that that that that that that that school is your favorite. You I you I you I you I you I I I I I I I I I I you I you I you I you I you I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like well um like uh guys can't even wait to go back and and and and and and and and and and like know I hate school. I don't think so you know like well you you you you you you you you you you know well I mean okay okay they really do like I think they like to see see see see see see see see see see their friends. But yeah but yeah but yeah but yeah but yeah but but but but but but but but but but yeah but yeah but yeah but yeah but yeah so well well uh you know know know know know know know know know know well um like I mean schools work and their you're not in kindergarten anymore, right? We got through versus third grade.