well, hello guys, welcome to the first episode of the haven't we thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought of a name uh okay uh like okay I mean like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean yet? I was want to do breakfast at Perkins given my last last last last last last last last last last name kind of lame. I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean um well you know um um um um um um um um um um like so okay uh. But but then I was told that people may may may may may may may may may may think that breakfast at Perkins. Could have I mean uh um well well well well well well well well well well well you know I mean I mean uh some potential copyright with you know, the actual actual actual actual actual actual actual actual actual actual restaurant program, so I might um like well like you know okay well okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh do breakfast with Perkins. I don't know. Anyway, how we doing? How's everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone doing? so uh uh I mean like uh like you know okay I figured figured figured figured figured figured figured figured figured figured I would start a podcast. Maybe to maybe to maybe to maybe to maybe to to to to to to to to to to maybe to maybe to maybe to maybe to maybe to help kind of supplement supplement supplement supplement supplement supplement supplement supplement supplement supplement my thoughts so I mean I mean I mean you know well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay well that I have on other social media platforms whether it be Snapchat Facebook instagram. Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram. What well okay I mean uh you know uh I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean have you first let me apologize. I just I just I just I just I just just just just just just just just just just I just I just I just I just I just ate Indian food and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's stuck in my well so well like okay so well so I mean throat. First First First First First First First First First First off. Let me give a shout out to India star. You never you never you you you you you you you you you you never you never you never you never you never you never you never you never been to India star.