What is up everybody and welcome to episode number 32 of the Sasha T T T T T T T T T T show. You know you know uh well I mean uh um you know like. Like like like like like like like like like. Yes. It's no it's no it's no it's no it's no it's no it's no no no no no no no no no no it's no it's no it's no longer the for Life training cards podcast and and and and and and and and and and video series we have so I mean so so you know you know so so so so so so so so so so okay you know rebranded it is the Sasha T show so welcome. I really really really really really really really really really really appreciate you um um like I mean uh okay okay um well guys tuning in in in in in in in in in in and let's get back to business today. So I'm making this video and podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast um like so so so like well I mean like right after Luke Advantage dropped dropped dropped dropped dropped dropped dropped dropped dropped dropped 30 points 70. Rebounds and 10 assists on the Pelicans um so you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh well now that got me thinking with the craziness of you you you you you you you you you you know, the sports card I mean I mean uh uh uh you know like like like like like like like like like like like I mean market and Luke advantages Market in general. What are what are are are are are are are are are are what are what are what are what are what are what are what are what what what what what what what what what what are some undervalued cards of is right. So so um you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know so I mean uh. Now that people can go out and buy based based based based based based based based based based on what his base prism PSA you know so so well like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so tests. We going for see what we're seeing right now with all these new people coming into the hobby is they're not too familiar with.