Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need well well well well well well well well well well like like um well okay like uh um more voices in the church church church church church church church church church church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast to well uh uh well well well well well well well well well well I mean okay I mean like I mean the Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this this this this this this this this this this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding before our eyes. I mean I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean uh so um I mean like uh I mean. There are there are are are are are are are are are are there are there are there are there are there are there are there are are are are are are are are are are there are a lot of ways to get involved and an easy one is is is is is is is is is is to start so okay um like um like well um well a podcast anchor dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot f m is a great podcast hosting platform. If you well I mean um um um um um um um um um um okay uh I mean like well like haven't heard about anchor it's the the the the the the the the the the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain um so uh well well well well well well well well well well you know okay well uh well it's free. There's Russian tools that allow you to record record record record record record record record record record and edit your podcast right uh uh uh well like well you know well well well well well well well well well well um from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it it it it it it it it it it can like uh so well um um you know okay okay be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcast and many more you can actually make some money from I mean uh you know know know know know know know know know know you know um you know you know well you know your podcast with with with with with with with with with with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one like uh so so so so so so so so so so so so okay uh uh so convenient location. So if you're interested download the the the the the the the the the the free anchor app or go to Anchor I mean uh I mean so okay like like like like like like like like like like like I mean uh dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.