Due to due to due to due to due to due to due to due due due due due due due due due due to due to due to the graphic nature of this kingpins crimes listener discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion is advised. This episode includes you know like well um well well so like like like like like like like like like like so discussions of drug use and violence that some people may find offensive. We advise so so so so so so so so so so okay so I mean I mean like I mean so okay Extreme Caution for children children children children children children children children children children under 13 on a summer day in the mid-1960s at Bass Lake okay okay you you you you you you you you you you know you know you know I mean um like I mean the the the the the the the the the the California Hells Angels were gathered for their annual meeting The Unofficial leader. Our um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean you know you know uh well like 30 year old Sonny Sonny Sonny Sonny Sonny Sonny Sonny Sonny Sonny Sonny Barger strolled through the quiet Campground as president of the so I mean so um um um um um um um um um um you know um I mean um like Oakland Charter. He was he was he he he he he he he he he he was he was he was he was he was he was he was he was a a a a a a a a a a legend in his own right at least. That's what that's what that's what what what what what what what what what what that's what that's what that's what that's what that's what that's what that's what what what what what what what what what what like well you know uh uh so so you know I mean he'd he'd he'd he'd he'd he'd he'd he'd he'd he'd say. As Sonny walked he spotted a brand new California Hells Angels flag. Well well I I I I I I I I I I mean like well I mean so uh you know. It featured a redesigned logo that had had had had had had had had had had been strung up by some members of the SoCal Charters the show of unity pleased Sonny. They were all Brothers under the.