If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let uh let uh let uh let uh let uh let uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh let uh let uh let uh let uh so okay well I mean so so so so so so so so so so so I mean well me explain it's free. So if you want to to to to to to to to to to start a podcast, but not sure uh uh you know well like okay so you know know know know know know know know know know well if it's going to be something you want to keep up with. There's no like um so so so so so so so so so so well I mean um like uh you know money to put into it. So you're just just just just just just just just just just doing it and if it works out I mean uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like you know so uh great, you keep doing it at no cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost but there was no money out of your okay I mean so um okay um um um um um um um um um um I mean so okay pocket, which was a big incentive for me to want to go go go go go go go go go go with okay you know so you know you know well uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh anchor. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right right right right right right right right right right from your uh so you know like you know um so well well phone or or or or or or or or or or computer super easy. GE will gE will gE will gE will gE will gE will will will will will will will will will will gE will gE will gE will gE will distribute your podcast for you. So it it it it it it it it it it can okay so uh okay well well well like well be be be be be be be be be be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more and you can make money from from from from from from from from from from your you know uh you know um um well you know I mean you know know know know know know know know know know podcast with no minimum listenership. I have not found that any other podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast Creator and okay um I mean like you know um I mean okay like it's really really really really really really really really really really everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free free free free free free free free free free well like so so um I mean so you know um anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You won't regret it. Thanks guys.