Hey guys, before we go into the episode. I want to talk to you you you you you you you you you you about like you know you know like um I mean okay um so anchor if you you you you you you you you you you haven't heard about anchor you are so missing out. Anchor is the easiest uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay uh so okay I mean um way to make a a a a a a a a a a podcast. Not only that it's free. There are creation well I mean uh um I I I I I I I I I I mean like um like you know tools that will allow you to record and and and and and and and and and and edit your podcast right from your like well so I mean I mean uh um um um um um um um um um um like so phone or your computer. And the best thing is Anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you. Like like so you know um uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and many many many many many many many many many many more. It's you know uh so I mean you know you know um um um um um um um um um um so okay everything. You need to make a podcast all in one place, so so so so so so so so so so don't If we anchor so um um you know well okay you know like like like like like like like like like like so up today or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Alright Alright Alright Alright Alright Alright Alright Alright Alright Alright now, alright now, alright now, alright now, alright now, alright now, alright now, alright now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, alright now, alright now, I mean I mean you know um uh um um like like like like like like like like like like so let's go into the episode. Hey, hey. Hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's up you you you you you you you you you you guys? uh okay uh uh uh okay uh okay you know Welcome back to to to to to to to to to to what's on your mind podcast. This is episode number four and it's so so so so so so so so so so well so um well like uh like like okay crazy to think that that that that that that that that that that we've been doing this together for four weeks. I guess what they like you know know know know know know know know know know um so uh you know okay you know okay say about time flies when you're having having having having having having having having having having fun. It's true, or at least it's okay I mean um you know so so so so so so so so so so um okay so um true for me. I hope it's true for you too. So I think you can guess that I use anchor to.