Welcome to the March 3rd 2020 edition of coronavirus questions answered with dr. Uh um um um um um um um um um um uh well okay so uh so I mean. Brian McDonough. Here's where here's where here's where here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's where here's where here's where here's where here's where here's where here's where we we we we we we we we we we are at this very moment. We know we know we know we know we we we we we we we we we we know we know we know we know we know we know that in well well so so so so so so so so so so you know you know so okay so you know the United States the death death death death death death death death death death toll has climbed to 9 in addition. We um like okay okay okay you you you you you you you you you you know so well um know that those cases are based in Washington state at a a a a a a a a a a nursing home in seattle. Uh okay well uh so um like okay like. Most have occurred. Occurred occurred occurred occurred occurred occurred occurred occurred occurred. The number of infections in the United States overall have you know so you know know know know know know know know know know like like I mean so you know like climbed past a hundred. They're scattered across across across across across across across across across across 15. It's with 27 cases in Washington state alone. Well so uh um you you you you you you you you you you know I mean like um um. As I mentioned that states getting hit very hard, hard, hard, hard, hard, hard, hard, hard, hard, hard, but it's not the only one like I mean uh um so um well well well well well well well well well well well well the nursing home outbreak apparently seated the first case in North Carolina and and and and and and and and and and Wake you know you know so like so okay okay I mean well County County County County County County County County County County resident who had visited the Washington State nursing home tested positive but is like like like like like like like like like like I mean well uh you know like you know uh I mean in isolation at home and doing well. So, where are we now what's going on?.