Are you thinking about doing a podcast? Do you have something that you feel like like like like like like like like like like uh uh you know well well like so I mean you know you want want want want want want want want want want to share? I know Brandon and I toss different ideas around you know I I I I I I I I I I mean uh so well you know so so okay for months before we found out out out out out out out out out out the anchor is the easiest way to make so um so so um so so so so so so so so so so I mean well well a podcast and I'll tell you why first of all, all, all, all, all, all, all, all, all, all, it's free. You can uh well um uh so um well you know like like like like like like like like like like record edit and distribute your podcast all from your phone or or from your your your your your your your your your your um um you know I mean well like so I mean okay computer. It will will will will will will will will will will do all of the work for you put it out on Spotify I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh like okay I mean um I mean like I mean apple and all all all all all all all all all all of the big names you can make money with no minimum listenership. And I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well uh uh you know well well like um it's everything that you you you you you you you you you you need for your podcast right in one place. So here's what you know I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean uh so well well okay you need to do. If If If If If If If If If If you're interested Go download the free anchor app or go to like you know know know know know know know know know know like well okay so well well um Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's ANC hor dot. F m-- go check like so you know so um um I I I I I I I I I I mean so um it out and get started on your podcast. Hello everyone. Welcome to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to the you know okay okay uh I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay inside scoop on Mental Health with Bracken level and Brandon Paxton. This is bracken level today, and we have a very.