Hello and welcome to the cosmic. I show I am your host Jason bolton. Bolton Bolton Bolton Bolton Bolton Bolton Bolton Bolton Bolton. Oh I oh I oh I oh I oh I oh I oh I I I I I I I I I I oh I oh I oh I mean uh okay so you know well you know know know know know know know know know know okay okay and I have on the phone Chris Sheridan. Mr. Chris shared in other uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay okay um you know I mean uh words, otherwise known as as as as as as as as as as it's going to mr. Christie, but that's mr. Christmas to I mean like like um I I I I I I I I I I mean so you know well okay you. What's your name Chris? Mr. Darkness Darkness Darkness Darkness Darkness Darkness Darkness Darkness Darkness Darkness Mystic Mist aggressive try that next time at you know like I mean so so so so so so so so so so uh like I mean I mean okay the casino tables young and montero's I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going to I'm going to really date okay uh well so so you know know know know know know know know know know I mean well like myself. They call me. Mr. Tibbs Sydney quick to to to to to to to to to to remember that. Yeah. And it's and it's and it's and it's and it's and and and and and and and and and and it's and it's and it's and it's and it's um well like like like like like like like like like like well you know well well like well Sydney. I like to pronounce it. Mr. Sidney Poitier what what what what what what what what what what he really gotta okay um you know um uh you know so you you you you you you you you you you know like you gotta really get into and a pause in between there. Let's get out. Out out out out out out out out out. So so so so uh you know okay um okay. There's a there's a a a a a a a a a a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a a a a a a a a a a there's a problematic pause as they surged about. It wasn't a stage and screen. Screen screen screen screen screen screen screen screen screen. Okay so I mean well so like um well like. Yeah, stay yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, stay yeah, stay yeah, stay yeah, stay yeah, stay yeah, stay yeah, stay yeah, stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay yeah, stay stage and screen if you wish and there you go you are without electricity electricity electricity electricity electricity electricity electricity electricity electricity electricity um you know well you know okay you know well um you know today. So we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going to try to make this a brief show. I know you're okay uh well well well well well well well well well well I mean well well um okay uh working on battery power over there. So So So So So So So So So So I so I so I so I so I so I so I so so so so so so so so so so I so I so I have a good signal and I uh so so so so so so so so so so so like um like okay well so have plenty of power. So I so I so so so so so so so so so so I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I I I I I I I I I I think we're good to go. And so we are good to go. We are speaking.