Oh, we oh, we oh, we oh, we oh, we oh, we oh, we oh, we we we we we we we we we we oh, we oh, we are back to the 26th interview episode of Home Advantage today. We We We We We We We We We We like like well well so okay okay I mean um are joined. Once again by by by by by by by by by by Jani Yakima Hollis. This was a very special episode. I like I like I I I I I I I I I I like I like I like I like I like I like I like I like well well well well well well well well well well okay well well okay okay uh well well these episodes because we don't really go through through through through through through through through through through the chronological career of the competitor or I mean uh well uh okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay um the coach that we interview in this case. We interviewed. Interviewed interviewed interviewed interviewed interviewed interviewed interviewed interviewed interviewed. And since and since and since and since and since and since and since and since since since since since since since since since since and since and since it was okay well uh like you know well you you you you you you you you you you know so well the second time we had him on we'd already covered his career. And And And And And And And And And And so I I mean okay well like okay well okay so so got to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about a lot of things on this show and I had I'd get to like like like like like like like like like like I mean so so well you know you know okay well hear a lot of of of of of of of of of of Yanni's Insight on a lot of different things and we kind of went I I I I I I I I I I mean so like I mean I mean uh um okay like through a couple topics one one one one one one one one one one was his little brother Greg just want his fifth State well you know uh you you you you you you you you you you know so um I mean like uh title High School in New York. And And And And And And And And And And so and so and so and so and so and so and so so so so so so so so so so and so and so and so we talked a little bit about that that that that that that that that that that okay uh you know okay uh so you know well I mean and then then then then then then then then then then Greg coming to Cornell. He's competing in the Pan Am championships coming up here soon and.