The Brian Golf Show for presented by Cobra Puma golf actual truck. Yeah, real uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean so like well well I mean I mean good form before before before before before before before before before before we get to talking about anything and everything to do with uh so I I I I I I I I I I mean okay well you know uh uh you know golf shafts. I got to to to to to to to to to to give a big thank you to the man on um uh okay uh like like like like like like like like like like so you know okay uh the phone. His name is Don Brown. He is the senior senior senior senior senior senior senior senior senior senior director of you know okay well I mean like um so uh well well well well well well well well well well marketing Innovation for True Sports is golf division up true Sports encompasses a lot. So I I I I I I I I I I mean like so so well uh okay you know. I know Don that that that that that that that that that that you have a lot of product not just in the okay so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um like like you know um so Gulf side, but true also has what a a a a a a a a a a Baseball division a Hockey division lacrosse. Am I mean so well so like I I I I I I I I I I mean like you know uh I am I correct on all this before? Before Before Before Before Before Before Before Before Before Before we before we before we before we before we before we before we before before before before before before before before before before we before we before we get going. Yeah, that I mean okay okay um um um um um um um um um um I mean like uh you know uh is correct. So true so true so true so so so so so so so so so so true so true so true so true so true so true so true Sports, Sports, Sports, Sports, Sports, Sports, Sports, Sports, Sports, Sports, so we were formerly known as True Timber Sports until okay like well um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean like okay about the middle of last year and and and and and and and and and and then you know, we have a hockey Division. I um I mean you know um so so so so so so so so so so so like so like lacrosse division are Baseball division and they are all branded branded branded branded branded branded branded branded branded branded true. So it made sense so uh so um well I mean so um um um um um um um um um um okay for the parent company recalled to sports as opposed to True Temper sports or uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay okay you know so like you know okay to Templars were really just just just just just just just just just just our golf division. So yeah, we make a wide you know okay I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh I mean range of a cross product and hockey we dress players from the states to the helm.