Hi, what is up? This is the podcast the good stuff. This is is is is is is is is is is episode like you know so I mean so well well well well 7. I'm a a a a a a a a a a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm a I'm a to McFadden today. I'm joined with nollie. Hello, Maggie. So these these these these these these these these these these you know so okay uh so okay like like uh are two very close friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends of mine as of recent. I met them um uh so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh like uh in college and we're all very different people but we get get get get get get get get get get along like great and the um um okay I mean like I mean you know know know know know know know know know know like you know thing is what's interesting is we're all different ethnicities were were were were were were were were were were all different religious backgrounds. Uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like well you know like like like like like like like like like like like like. Grounds, we have different ideas. But the thing is were very close friends. Friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends. And uh well you know uh I mean well well um you know if anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything that like makes our friendship what it is. So anyway nollie. If so uh so so so so so so so so so so so well uh okay I mean like you could go ahead and please tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell me about your background how which like of I mean I mean um well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um so so okay course Walter My Religion because I practice theravada Buddhism Buddhism Buddhism Buddhism Buddhism Buddhism Buddhism Buddhism Buddhism Buddhism and I grew up very Buddhist very strict up Buddhist upbringing for my grandparents. In fact, my grandfather was a monk for.