Well, I already know my rant already know my rant of the week this uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay um like okay I mean uh well week. Okay, we're not even done with with with with with with with with with with the I know you didn't watch the show, but uh so like like um um um um um um um um um um you know um well so I'm I'm very upset right now. Okay, this has nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing to do with uh okay well um uh well okay I mean like anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything we've ever talked about Kaylee doesn't know about it because she just happened you know know know know know know know know know know um I mean um um I mean like um okay to walk in and the the the the the the the the the the very last episode. But anyways, I've been watching Love okay I mean well you you you you you you you you you you know uh I mean you know like like is Blind within the Pilar alert. Alert alert alert alert alert alert alert alert alert. Oh, yeah. I don't give a fuck. I'm um you know like so you you you you you you you you you you know like uh so like mad. Anyways, me and my girlfriend had been watching watching watching watching watching watching watching watching watching watching it for the past I mean well well so I mean well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay well two days. We were up till like o'clock in the morning. I love love love love love love love love love love well so I mean well well you know okay okay like Cameron and lauren. Lauren Lauren Lauren Lauren Lauren Lauren Lauren Lauren Lauren. I'm emotionally invested in the two of them. Hey, she um uh um um um um um um um um um um um um like so so like just she just spilled her drink her water water water water water water water water water water everywhere. Anyways, I'm emotionally invested I mean um okay so I mean like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean in Cameron and Lauren. Although I do think Cameron. He gets gets gets gets gets gets gets gets gets gets a little bit whiny sometimes uh I mean well so like well okay uh um he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's a little he just he's very emotional. He's a very emotional man and but but but but but but but but but but well okay you know um well okay so so so but he loves her very very very very very very very very very very much. However today however today however today however today however today however today however today however however however however however however however however however however today however today however today we made it to the last episode. We have not seen Cameron and Lauren's wedding yet, but.