Hey guys, my name is Lydia and I love love and everything to do with with with with with with with with with with self-discovery so so well like you know you know I mean uh like self-development self-development self-development self-development self-development self-development self-development self-development self-development self-development and empowering positivity and healthy living welcome to unplug a podcast series like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know like uh uh well like were a child with interesting people people people people people people people people people people about their careers and their life and their families. Uh like I mean like so well well well well well well well well well well you know well okay. I'll be your host every Fortnight. So make sure that you you you you you you you you you you stay tuned and follow you know I mean so uh I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so so me on Instagram at Lydia know where Lola with three-eighths of the end and and and and and and and and and and so I mean I mean uh uh okay I mean you know uh follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow as well unplugged artificial. We will behold posting every week. So if you miss I I I I I I I I I I mean uh well well so um like I mean okay a week Weak don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't worry. You can always come back. So make so make so make so make so so so so so so so so so so make so make so make so make so make so make sure that like like like like like like like like like like well well uh well like um I mean uh you subscribe that you you you you you you you you you you shared this video this episode to your friends your family to uh I mean um um um um um um um um um um um I mean well I mean like um anyone who has a need to listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen send it to them and I'll be well okay you know um like okay so so so so so so so so so so well uh more than happy to send you a gift of more podcasting. So let's get get get get get get get get get get into the I mean uh uh okay you know you know I mean you you you you you you you you you you know you know podcast. Hey guys, welcome back to unplug. And today I have Katie Katie has actually been on this journey with me.