Hello everyone and welcome to astral ashes. It is it is it is it is is is is is is is is is is it is it is it is it is it is it is pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi pi C season, and I'm Lisa um like you know um you know like you know I I I I I I I I I I mean okay Marie and I'm Andy talarico. Welcome to astral ashes. We are going going going going going going going going going going to be okay okay okay um um um well um so serenading you with a poem poem poem poem poem poem poem poem poem poem to start. So Andy take it away. I'm going to be um I mean okay like um um um um um um um um um um like you know okay I mean reading a poem by one of the the the the the the the the the the Lisa and my favorite poets Christina Rossetti and okay you know uh okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean like we thought the dreamy quality of this and the sort sort sort sort sort sort sort sort sort sort of fantasy vs. Reality aspect really okay you know um you know well well well well well well well well well well okay uh uh you know spoke to pies. Season so this is called I dream dream dream dream dream dream dream dream dream dream of you to wake like uh well uh like you know um well um by Christina Christina Christina Christina Christina Christina Christina Christina Christina Christina Rossetti. I dream I dream I dream I dream I dream I dream I I I I I I I I I I dream I dream I dream I dream of you to wake would that I might might might might might might might might might might dream of you know you know uh okay you know um okay well like like like like like like like like like like you and not wake but Slumber on nor fine with dreams. The dear companion companion companion companion companion companion companion companion companion companion gone as um uh um well okay well okay you know um summer ended summer birds birds birds birds birds birds birds birds birds birds take flight and happy dreams. I hold you full and night uh um well well well well well well well well well well okay okay well uh well uh I blush again who waking look so one brighter than sunniest day that ever shown and happy dreams. Your.