Look how look how look how look how look how look how look how look how how how how how how how how how how look how look how sane and linear we are being is a non-profit non-profit non-profit non-profit non-profit non-profit non-profit non-profit non-profit non-profit Homestuck fan analysis so well well okay I mean um uh uh um podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and is not affiliated with Andrew Hussie or any home stucks official uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like so like uh like well you know entities. Please remember to support the release release release release release release release release release release of its books and merchandise whenever possible feel okay so okay okay you you you you you you you you you you know like uh um so free to read along with us. If you if you you you you you you you you you you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if if if if if if if if if if you have epilepsy or any other light-sensitive disabilities like okay you know well um you you you you you you you you you you know so I mean uh or disorders, we suggest you stick to the audio. Audio audio audio audio audio audio audio audio audio. We have free audio transcriptions you know uh um okay I mean so so so so so so so so so so okay so uh for this podcast linked in the episode description if you wish to to to to to to to to to to Read instead of like you know like I mean okay I mean well so so so so so so so so so so I mean listen both Elizabeth's are trained writers and editors. So we're going going going going going going going going going going to have some opinions uh well uh like well I mean uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like about the construction of the story. These opinions may be different from yours, yours, yours, yours, yours, yours, yours, yours, yours, yours, but well uh um well so like I mean uh okay we're not attacking attacking attacking attacking attacking attacking attacking attacking attacking attacking the comic just offering suggestions. This show is not safe for work. So So So So So So So So So So well I mean okay like uh okay like uh. And if you're a minor minor minor minor minor minor minor minor minor minor we ask that you wait to listen until you were old you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh you know um well okay enough to be shipped off of alter Nia to serve her imperious condescension. It's time to go to hell.