Welcome back to reading the Psalms. I'm Dan I'm Dan I'm Dan I'm Dan I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Dan I'm Dan I'm Dan I'm Dan I'm Dan I'm Dan and I'm going going going going going going going going going going to read Psalm 16 well so um you know okay so um so so today. Today today today today today today today today today. This is another Psalm of David. Preserve Me O God for in the like like like like like like like like like like well so well so so like so okay do I put my trust I have said said said said said said said said said said unto the Lord Thou Art my Lord. I um okay uh uh um you know know know know know know know know know know well okay uh have no good be on thee as for the saints that are are are are are are are are are are in so so you know um um I mean I mean like well the earth. Earth earth earth earth earth earth earth earth earth. They are the excellent ones in whom is all my delight their like well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh so so okay well so sorrows shall be multiplied that exchange the Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord for another God their drink okay okay so so you know I mean so like okay offerings offerings offerings offerings offerings offerings offerings offerings offerings offerings of blood. I will not offer nor take their names upon my lips. The The The The The The The The The The okay the okay the okay the okay the okay the okay the okay the okay the the the the the the the the the the okay the okay like okay you know like so um I mean well Lord is is is is is is is is is is the portion of my inheritance and of my cup Dow maintains my lat like like like like like like like like like like so like uh like you know um like you know the Lines are Fallen unto unto unto unto unto unto unto unto unto unto me in Pleasant places. Yea, I have a goodly Heritage. I Will um um um um um um um um um um like like like um uh so okay well Bless The Lord who has has has has has has has has has has given me counsel. Yay. My reins instruct me in the night Seasons. I have set the lord.