In the same way that virtue is your natural tendency to do good you know know know know know know know know know know uh well uh like you know I mean you know okay a virtuous friendship friendship friendship friendship friendship friendship friendship friendship friendship friendship is the natural tendency to reflect the virtue of the other you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so you know well you know you know okay okay person. Welcome to the the the the the the the the the the university Catholic. Welcome back to the podcast. My name is nacho. You know so so so so so so so so so so so okay uh well well okay like. I'm Thomas. I'm Kylie and this week week week week week week week week week week we're talking about friendships for filing the like like like okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean kind of pattern that we've had two weeks ago. Ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago. We talked we talked we talked we talked we talked we talked we talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked we talked we talked we talked about intentionality uh I mean well uh like I I I I I I I I I I mean uh so okay and last week we talked about it. Chastity and and and and and and and and and and chastity and chastity and chastity and chastity and chastity and chastity and chastity and and and and and and and and and and chastity and chastity and this week we're talking about friendships uh so so uh um um um um um um um um um um uh I mean I mean I mean and next week. We're talking about a surprise. Surprise surprise surprise surprise surprise surprise surprise surprise surprise. But before we get into so you know well um so okay um you know know know know know know know know know know so all that Kylie, I believe you have a joke for us, right? That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's like you know okay okay like you know like okay uh the natural succession is is is is is is is is is is its relationships than friendships than surprised by the way, if you didn't get which kaileena.