Hi, everyone, what's happened? And I'm here with Johnny. Bargain has all she on top top top top top top top top top top and you know you know okay well well so well well so Blake all good. Good good good good good good good good good. So today we are recording the first episode of the podcast so like like like like like like like like like like you know you know I mean so uh I mean uh that we've been been been been been been been been been been talking about recording for at least two or three months. He has smelt okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh like uh so um uh I mean a long story short may may may may may may may may may may not going to be in touch for a while and I mean like like like like like like like like like like okay I mean so you know um okay like I made not for sample sample sample sample sample sample sample sample sample sample cups of coffee on the lisburn road and um uh I mean like like like like like like like like like like so uh uh so so we thought that the ideas and the conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation we were having may help a few older. Um um well you know um um um um um um um um um um okay like like you know. So this is all very much part in those those those those those those those those those those thoughts into action. I mean so well well well uh like you know uh. Uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh. And if and if and if and if and if and if and if and and and and and and and and and and if and if and if we can help at least one other person as a a a a a a a a a a byproduct of um you know well well well uh like um so our conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations recording and Publishing it then we think this is a very valuable form so so so so so so so so so so I mean okay uh uh so uh you know I mean to do. So, so so so so so so so so so so first of all, we're just going to basically introduce ourselves I mean so okay well you know know know know know know know know know know like um I mean like so you can get to know us that more about who who who who who who who who who who you actually listened to and so so well so okay I mean well so so so so so so so so so so okay then down the line move very much want to delve into some some some some some some some some some some of those okay uh okay uh okay so well like like deeper questions that that that that that that that that that that may help others. So just by where personal introduction my name is Asha Monaghan. I'm from a gallon which is about 10 minutes from the organ.