Free to fly and step up and step podcast the puff and Steph uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know okay uh I mean uh okay okay podcast back for another another another another another another another another another another week of fun. Hello everybody. What up staff? Hey, how was I mean okay you you you you you you you you you you know well uh okay okay I mean I mean the weekend? It was was was was was was was was was was pretty good. Yeah pretty solid. Yeah fantastic. You got to sleep in okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean you know like uh like so um which was lovely. Sorry. You You You You You You You You You You weren't in Florida. I know it is rough being back here okay um well well well well well well well well well well so uh I mean so so I mean in PA, but it was all right. Right right right right right right right right right. I can't I can't I can't I can't I can't I can't I can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't I can't I can't I can't complain man, you know on friday. Uh like like like like like like like like like like uh like uh like uh like uh like uh like uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh like uh like like so well well well well uh. We had a show show show show show show show show show show about the woman who membrane Orlando who killed her boyfriend so you know like uh you you you you you you you you you you know um well well okay by stuffing them in a suitcase. Yes. I'm playing playing playing playing playing playing playing playing playing playing hide and seek and they so well well I mean you know um okay well well well well well well well well well well like have internal and oh, I don't know if you should go back back back back back back back back back back to Florida. It um so well okay I mean so uh uh well well well well well well well well well well is full of really really weird people but it also has Disney and sunshine and and and and and and and and and and you know okay I mean um so so so uh like your brother. Well, yeah. Yeah. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. Oh no Michael, I'm sorry. No, Michael Mariana. Listen every morning. Obviously you guys to Michael. That's it.