You're no walked into radio juxtapose the home of contemporary art and culture conversation coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming so you know um uh well uh like okay you know up today. And for for for for for for for for for for me, I stress it that period in my life. I bucked authority. Okay uh you you you you you you you you you you know uh like um okay I mean um. I can that stance which which which which which which which which which which email Authority could not stand it. And so if any I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean well like you know uh like I mean okay teacher a male teacher teacher teacher teacher teacher teacher teacher teacher teacher teacher specially came to me and said, oh you should be making I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um so so um uh okay okay more black art. Are you should be be be be be be be be be be making more black looking things. Um okay um okay you know so so well like. Like like like like like like like like like. I would just feel said that. Yes, this yes, this yes, this yes, this yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, this yes, this yes, this yes, this yes, this yes, this is Radio juxtaposed. Juxtaposed juxtaposed juxtaposed juxtaposed juxtaposed juxtaposed juxtaposed juxtaposed juxtaposed. Hey, this is doug. Uh so so uh I mean you know you know well so. So so so so so so so so so. Thank you for downloading this episode of radio juxtapose. This is this is this this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is is the first in you know okay you know um so um uh you know know know know know know know know know know I mean a series of very special live episodes recorded right here at the Armory Armory Armory Armory Armory Armory Armory Armory Armory Armory show in New I mean uh uh so um I mean I mean you you you you you you you you you you know like York City myself and Evan pitched up for a couple of days to to to to to to to to to to check well okay okay like okay okay I mean um um out one of of of of of of of of of of the hottest art fairs in town. And we and we and we and we and and and and and and and and and and we and we and we and we and we and we managed to NAB ourselves a a a a a a a a a a okay so I mean well okay well um uh okay couple of very special guests on this episode. We sit down with the illustrator painter and.