Free to fly in Step Up and step podcast the puff and and and and and and and and and and Steph okay I mean uh um um so okay so you know podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Hello everybody and thanks for hanging out with us on this Tuesday. For well like like like like like like like like like like well uh like like um um um those of you who don't know. We usually shoot shoot shoot shoot shoot shoot shoot shoot shoot shoot these shows day before and uh I mean okay like you know know know know know know know know know know like okay like well there were some major major news dropped today and and and and and and and and and and I'm sure you know about it. You know um like uh you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so. I don't know how much time you've had to think about this but this this this this this this this this this this is um you know so well uh I mean so so like a new new new new new new new new new new story that really does impact your life a lot stuff. So I think so so so so so so so so so so I mean like well well uh well well like it's time you have any any any any any any any any any any idea when talking about the new Bachelorette it like I mean I mean um um um um um um um um um um like okay um you know like is about the new baby. I figured we'd we'd we'd we'd we'd we'd we'd we'd we'd we'd talk about it. Yes. I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad glad glad glad glad glad glad glad glad glad I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad well um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well okay you know so like this up actually did as much research. You You You You You You You You You You looked you looked you looked you looked you looked you looked you looked you looked you you you you you you you you you you looked you looked into it to find out what you know you know uh um um um um um um um um um um so you know you know okay like her deal was and her deal is it looks like she's trying to be famous you think so, let's see she was.