Before we get jumped into this first episode just want to shout out. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank you thank you thank you like okay um you know um uh well um um um um um um um um um um you know so much for tuning in listening. We hope you like it. It it it it it it it it it. We like we like we like we like we like we like we like we like we we we we we we we we we we like we like I mean you know well I mean you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh hope you enjoy it. If you do, please leave a five-star rating subscribe to to to to to to to to to to our so you know okay okay I mean well so okay so podcast that will really help help help help help help help help help help us out especially here in the beginning. We're trying well um you know you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um to grow this thing. This first one really is just us talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking about uh uh like okay you know you know okay like you know some stories going going going going going going going going going going to get you, you know a feel for what we're going to like uh like like like like like like like like like like okay well so you know you know okay be doing with this. We hope you like like like like like like like like like like it. Also a big shout well like um um well like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean out to Eric case dude. Thank you so much for the the the the the the the the the the software that you've recommended gotten you know like I mean um well you know like like like like like like like like like like like you know us past our first couple of weeks of difficulties, but but but but but but but but but but I think we're on like well uh uh like you know I mean okay you know the the the the the the the the the the right track now also forgive us for the sound quality at the moment. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's something that's something that's something that's something that's something that's something that's something that's something something something something something something something something something something that's something that's something well so okay you know so I mean okay well well well well well well well well well well you know we're working on. We're we're learning. We're trying we're trying we're trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying we're trying we're trying we're trying we're trying we're trying we're trying we're trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying to figure out how to edit it um like well so uh uh I mean um um um um um um um um um um so and smooth everything out that's best for your ear holes so that you like like like like like like like like like like well you know I mean uh like uh well well can enjoy the podcast as as as as as as as as as as much as we do. Thanks for hanging out with us again. Like the podcast subscribe to.