What's up, everybody? Welcome to the in the dome podcast podcast body are you um um um um um um um um um um so uh okay well you know okay okay you know doing hey, how you doing? doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing I'm pretty I'm pretty I'm pretty I'm pretty I'm pretty I'm pretty I'm pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty I'm pretty I'm pretty I'm pretty good myself. All right. What do you want want want want want want want want want want you know you know um well like uh you know um um to to to to to to to to to to talk about today? We got a breakdown. I know there's not much stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock boat. We uh you know so you know uh uh well you know um still haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't broken down the Columbus game, but cardiac / comeback kids come back. You know know know know know know know know know know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you you you you you you you you you you know you know um okay like um so like um well. You know what that that that that that that that that that that game room. Okay, I believe off the where we thought you know you know so so so so so so so so so so like uh well well so okay we were talking about a couple of episodes ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago were talking about house you know I mean uh um I mean so I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like a toxic relationship and I was starting to get sucked back in. Yep. Yep Yep Yep Yep Yep Yep Yep Yep Yep. And um and um and um and um and um and um and um um um um um um um um um um and um and um and um okay you know you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay well then I think you were to it's like when fully back on on on on on on on on on on board okay um so you know I mean uh you know okay so is fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully back with the Calgary Flames right now to start that podcast. I was okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know like like so like um well like like, I'm not I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not falling for it. I've been hurt too many so okay like uh well well well well well well well well well well um so uh um times by these guys, but by the end of that podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast we switched like okay I mean um I mean uh you know um um um um um um um um um um okay but I was still whatever. Yeah, I'm fine. I'm told I'm fully back. You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're fully back. I mean so like I mean um okay um so okay. I'm proud. Proud proud proud proud proud proud proud proud proud. I'm not fully back. They've sucked me in that Columbus game. Got you know um well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um uh like um uh me back to being like, I think I'll die for this team. I think throughout all this up and down.