What a paper change welcome to another episode today. We're going to talk about um um um um um um um um um um I mean okay you know okay uh uh so you know the gross gross gross gross gross gross gross gross gross gross margin impact of a successful launch of the Plaid mode Model S and well well well well well well well well well well you know like uh I mean um you know okay like plasmid model model model model model model model model model model X on Tesla by this is something I'm really really excited about so so so so so so so so so so um so well well like so you know you know from a financial perspective. So So So So So So So So So So going to nerd out on this shout out to the like so like well well well well well well well well well well um so well well like third row podcast. I came up the idea for for for for for for for for for for this episode. We were just you know um okay so uh you know know know know know know know know know know well um so recording and we're talking about this new track package that came out out out out out out out out out out for the model I mean okay so you know like um uh so so so so so so so so so so okay 3. It's like a $5,500 upgrade where you can basically get these really really really really really really really really really really cool like well you know you know I mean I mean you you you you you you you you you you know uh like looking new tire. Hours for your performance model 3 which already already already already already already already already already already cost 60 Grand and then uh so I mean so uh well well uh so so so so so so so so so so you pay five and a half Grand more for these new tires and these these these these these these these these these these brake okay like well um okay well okay okay so pads which are geared geared geared geared geared geared geared geared geared geared to make it perform better on the track. It's gotten so like you know okay um um um um um um um um um um um I mean well I mean some awesome reviews. So that's a really cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool thing. And I was just thinking like so you know um okay okay um um um um um um um um um um I mean you know so wow, there's so much opportunity for Tesla as sort of of of of of of of of of of this luxury Performance Brand to okay like okay um okay well um um well upsell upsell upsell upsell upsell upsell upsell upsell upsell upsell all of these fancy new features and services that sort of Die uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so um uh like so Hard fans and like Tesla nerds would love and the the the the the the the the the the track package is uh um I mean so uh like um um okay one one one one one one one one one one example, but what I think is an even bigger example of this trend and what's really going to happen in late 2012.