Hey guys. I just wanted to take one second to tell you guys uh so so so so so so so so so so like you know uh well well so um about anchor which is the platform. I I I I I I I I I I used I used I used I used I used I used I used I used I I I I I I I I I I used I used to make this podcast. If you haven't heard uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like well uh well like about anchor its easiest way to make make make make make make make make make make a podcast and let me explain it's free. Uh okay so you know so um um um um um um um um um um um okay um. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right right right right right right right right right right from your well um like I mean like well well you know uh phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can be like like like like like like like like like like okay uh well uh like so well I mean heard on things like Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcast many more you can make money okay so uh so you you you you you you you you you you know like like so okay from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you need to make I mean so well you know like you you you you you you you you you you know well you know like a podcast in one place. So download the the the the the the the the the the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot uh I mean well so so like like like like like like like like like like like um you know f m-- to get started today. Hey guys, welcome to another another another another another another another another another another episode of Laguna you know so like like uh well uh well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean Beach the podcast. Thank you so much for tuning in as always. It's your host host host host host host host host host host kelly. Um um like I mean I mean you know well I mean um. So excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited to be here feel like I just sounded like Heidi like so excited you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know uh okay okay well so but we got our finale of Love is Blind Blind Blind Blind Blind Blind Blind Blind Blind Blind this past week, and I know there is a reunions coming up on Tuesday or Wednesday. I think or.