Today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode today's episode today's episode of the Hatchery podcast is brought to you by Luxor technology so so so so so so so so so so um um okay well um well I mean you know North America's largest mining mining mining mining mining mining mining mining mining mining pool lectures goal is to operate enterprise-class mining pools with well so well like so you you you you you you you you you you know you know I mean so professionalism and an intense customer focus. They provide provide provide provide provide provide provide provide provide provide a top-notch user experience and have a uh um well uh well you know you you you you you you you you you you know so uh great selection of pools for you to mine to from a variety of of of of of of of of of of notable you know uh um well I mean well um so um altcoins to to to to to to to to to to Big Daddy Bitcoin for which they launched their mining pool in October. So So So So So So So So So So um so um so um so um so um so um so um so so so so so so so so so so um so um so um so um well okay okay so like okay be sure to to to to to to to to to to go and check them out. We are incredibly grateful that Luxor um well you know so so so so so so so so so so uh okay I mean you know uh is chosen to sponsor the show going going going going going going going going going going into 2020. We would love it if you I mean I mean uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay well uh uh like as listeners would support the show by Ting them you can can can can can can can can can can find them online at uh like um like well uh okay like well Luxor dot Tech and and and and and and and and and and give them a follow on Twitter at Luxor Tech team. Okay like uh well well well well well well well well well well so well okay I mean um. Hey, everyone Thanks for tuning into the hash hash hash hash hash hash hash hash hash hash rate podcast the best crypto mining okay uh uh um well um uh you you you you you you you you you you know like podcast in the history of the world on today's episode mean hash hash hash hash hash hash hash hash hash hash and I you know so um uh well I mean like so you know know know know know know know know know know are joined by mr. Seth Estrada. We talk about building communities around proof of of of of of of of of of of so okay uh I mean so okay um you know you know work projects. We We We We We We We We We We talk we talk we talk we talk we talk we talk we talk we talk we talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk we talk about masternodes. We talk a little bit about Prague pal and mean you know know know know know know know know know know um I mean I mean you know I mean you know okay like hash hash hash hash hash hash hash hash hash hash has an epic rant on the inclusion of big Tech into the crypto like so so so so so so so so so so you know like you know well I mean okay um space. So I so I so so so so so so so so so so I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I hope you all enjoy this episode. If you would please leave us a rating.