Hey everyone. How's it going? It's been a while. I miss you guys. Okay so well well well well well well well well well well I mean um uh uh like like. Hope you guys are all having a lovely lovely week week week week week week week week week week so far now before this well okay okay I mean well um you know so so so so so so so so so so you know episode starts. I just I just I just I just I just I I I I I I I I I I just I just I just I just I just want to give a quick quick quick quick quick quick quick quick quick quick announcement. So the title of you know um um like I mean you know know know know know know know know know know well well well this podcast is called catch open me at the time time time time time time time time time time that I started this podcast. I um I mean I mean okay um um um um um um um um um um I mean you know um um thought you know, what like catching up with friends. Just Just Just Just Just Just Just Just Just Just talking just talking just talking just talking just talking just talking just talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking just talking just talking just talking about random stuff, you so um you you you you you you you you you you know you know well um you know I mean I mean know catch up with with with with with with with with with with me sounds like a good title. But then as I well I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like so so you know like recorded the past few episodes, I've noticed something I I I I I I I I I I started to figure out what the you know um so I mean well well well well well well well well well well like okay uh um theme of this podcast should be. So if so if if if if if if if if if if so if so if so if so if so if so if so if if if if if if if if if if so if you know notice a lot of the um okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like you know I mean I mean things that we covered from the past few episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode is about mental health growing uh so I mean uh like um so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh up and things we deal with as a teenager or as a young young young young young young young young young young adult. Uh okay you know um you know you know well uh I mean. Mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean. So with so with so with so with so with so with so so so so so so so so so so with so with so with so with that said the new title of the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast will be basically growing up. I I mean I mean so well so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well I mean well finally figure out what the theme of this podcast should be. So So So So So So So So So So basically growing up is like you know you know okay like okay okay you know um um um um um um um um um um going to be having guess hopping onto the podcast and basically having them share what so so so so so so so so so so um you know okay so I mean you know I mean so they think think think think think think think think think think is important for us teenagers and young adults to know what it's like going up on their side.