Greetings feminist survival project 2020 listeners Emily here with a fun and exciting announcement. I I I I I I I I I I you I you I you I you I you I you I you I you you you you you you you you you you I you I you know well uh I mean like um okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh wanted to let you all know that we have joined the Frolic podcast Network Network Network Network Network Network Network Network Network Network well um I mean um so so so so so front leg is a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast community of everything romance and romance related as you know, so you know uh like like like like like like like like like like so so so like okay I am both a reader of and author of romance romance romance romance romance romance romance romance romance romance fiction and Amelia. Well romance is okay well uh um I mean okay okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um not necessarily her direct thing is a super fan of many kinds of of of of of of of of of of genre. Fiction well I mean okay like well okay you know I mean uh and and and and and and and and and and Anyone who reads and or writes romance knows the value of self-care. So we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're really uh like so uh I mean okay I mean well um excited to be a a a a a a a a a a part of this community. If you're into romance in any flavor uh you know um um um um um um um um um um like well uh so uh uh check out the other podcasts on the the the the the the the the the the Frolic Network. It includes one so you know you know so uh you know know know know know know know know know know like you know okay of my very favorite podcast smart bitches trashy books, which is is is is is is is is is is Sarah Wendell's podcast about like like uh um um um okay so well romance. Romance romance romance romance romance romance romance romance romance. She's super amazing a million. I have I have I have I have I have have have have have have have have have have I have I have I have I have I have been on it it it it it it it it it it a couple of times. We love we love we love we love we love we we we we we we we we we we love we love we love we love we love her a lot. What does what what what what what what what what what what does what does what does what does what does what does what does what does what does this mean for?.