What's up, Liberty lovers, you're listening to break the cycle with me Joshua Smith you you you you you you you you you you know um uh so so you know like well you know for the the the the the the the the the the next 20 minutes. I'm going to need you to sit down and uh you know know know know know know know know know know you know uh you know you know like so um buckle up because we're flipping tables tables tables tables tables tables tables tables tables tables and talking Liberty and it ain't always pretty welcome uh like so you know well well well well well well well well well well well so I mean uh to the inaugural episode of break the cycle. I'm your I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your host Joshua smith. Uh you uh you uh you uh you uh you uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you uh you uh you uh you uh you know uh uh okay like okay um um um um um um um um um um uh. Today. We're going to talk about Joe sniff her Biden and how the the the the the the the the the the other you know I mean um um uh okay uh well uh Dem candidates candidates candidates candidates candidates candidates candidates candidates candidates candidates are falling in line because they're wussies after that. I thought it was was was was was was was was was was Right that uh uh I mean like okay I mean uh you know like we we we we we we we we we we talk about the significance of the Boogaloo. And for the third segment, we're going to to to to to to to to to to like you know uh well uh well you know I mean well end talking about about about about about about about about about about super Tuesday and the primaries and how Libertarians all just lost I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so uh well okay okay so I mean to no preference shocking. By By By By By By By By By By the way. There's ever anything that you want to I mean so like well well well well well well well well well well okay you know okay uh okay hear on an episode of break the cycle. Cycle cycle cycle cycle cycle cycle cycle cycle cycle. Please message please message please message please message please message please message please message message message message message message message message message message please message please message please message me and say hey dummy, I want you to talk about this on your podcast.