What is up guys? This is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is Stu is what the fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck Jim talk. So I like um well so you know uh uh okay like like like like like like like like like like made a post the other day about the you know, I even made a a a a a a a a a a okay okay okay so so like you know like like podcast it was probably one or or or or or or or or or or two podcast back now from here maybe but okay like okay uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh you know about you know, your gym not being the best our today, today, today, today, today, today, today, today, today, today, you know, I I mean you know so like uh like um like like think think think think think think think think think think it should be more of a pillar of the schedule and I like okay like like like like like like like like like like um I mean um so okay you know made this Instagram post and I dropped it it it it it it it it it it in a couple of Philly at uh well I mean uh so okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so owners groups. And anyway, obviously you can imagine the feedback was was was mixed mixed mixed mixed mixed mixed mixed mixed mixed mixed and one individual so so so like I mean like like uh um this Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob he owns a gym. I believe it's called CrossFit rise again. I apologize so like like like like like like like like like like like so uh uh okay okay okay Rob if I'm fucking that up. You know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, he shot me a DM you know you know you know um you you you you you you you you you you know um uh uh um and you just like bro. I don't I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't agree. I think this argument is um I mean so uh I I I I I I I I I I mean you know okay you know okay pointless. I don't get it. You should should should should should should should should should should strive to do both like and he just uh uh you know okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um well didn't agree with it which was but he reached out to to to to to to to to to to me and show me a okay I mean like so so like you you you you you you you you you you know um uh DM and I do what I typically do when I hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit him with an so uh uh I mean so okay you know you know know know know know know know know know know uh audio message and explain my position and you know next thing, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, we're back and like uh uh um uh like I mean uh I I I I I I I I I I mean forth with a few audio messages and the guy, you know, we're we went from adversarial to you know, I probably go get a beer the.