It's Brock sale from the Bronx Tale podcast. And today I'm going to to to to to to to to to to be telling you um okay uh I mean okay so you know you know know know know know know know know know know uh about my favorite app, which is Anchor. It's the best app to use use use use use use use use use use you know like I mean I mean I mean so like you know so for for for for for for for for for for any type of podcast. It's free. It's easy. You can you can you can can can can can can can can can can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can can can can can can can can can can use your so so uh like like you know uh like okay phone computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer or any other device to record it. And once and once and once and once and once once once once once once once once once once and once and once and once and once and once you post the well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so you know so like uh I mean um podcast, it doesn't just go go go go go go go go go go on acre. They post it on Spotify to you know you know like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay so get your podcast more exposure and to help you you you you you you you you you you out in my opinion. Anchor has like like like well well well you know you know know know know know know know know know know I mean everything you need in one place and it is the best platform platform platform platform platform platform platform platform platform platform to create. Any well um um okay you know I mean okay uh so type of of of of of of of of of of podcast I think this is episode 4. I don't I don't I don't I I I I I I I I I I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't know know know know know know know know know know how many uh um like you know okay like well I mean uh episodes I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've done. This is Braden. It's a hybrid. Nice to meet you meet uh um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know so well you know um who? Yeah, I don't think anybody lists the the the the the the the the the the rest doesn't matter. Yeah, fuck it. Uh okay okay uh uh uh um like you know. Know know know know know know know know know. We're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going we're going we're going to talk about the combine that just happened and how how how how how how how how how how the Panthers you know uh like you know uh I mean uh I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean are going to get the best pick in the draft again because they're picking it seven then that's where we pick Christian McCaffrey.