Hi all 90-day Bri here with your tea on AfterBuzz TVs. 90-day fiance News News News News News News News News News News daily. So well um okay like um I mean I mean well. We haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't we haven't we haven't we haven't we haven't we haven't we we we we we we we we we we haven't we haven't we haven't we haven't gotten to see much of of of of of of of of of of Stephanie on the new season of a for um okay okay um um you know you you you you you you you you you you know well I mean the 90 days, but we know that she has a plastic anemia anemia anemia anemia anemia anemia anemia anemia anemia anemia that her girlfriend from like I mean okay okay like uh okay okay like like like like like like like like like like the show lives in Australia and that her family is unaware that she's dating a a a a a a a a a a okay you know well like so so okay uh I mean woman what you you you you you you you you you you might not know about Stephanie though is that she sells like uh um um um um um um um um um um um I mean well um um I mean naked photos of herself online. Online online online online online online online online online. That's right. Stephanie has a patron where she well like you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean well so has content. That's a bit risque. It It It It It It It It It It seems some people may have found this out though um um so uh well well well well well well well well well well you know so um well as Stephanie took her Instagram stories to lay everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything out. Out she states that well so um uh like I mean you know well well well well well well well well well well okay she is not ashamed of this content and that having the patron patron patron patron patron patron patron patron patron patron has financed her so okay uh well okay like okay um like documentary as as as as as as as as as as well as other creative projects and it's also helped her income in general. So so so um um um um um um um um um um okay you know uh I mean you know. She ends she ends she ends ends ends ends ends ends ends ends ends ends she ends she ends she ends she ends she ends she ends she ends it it it it it it it it it it saying I'm a hello an advocate a writer a content creator um um like you you you you you you you you you you know uh so so you know okay a dumbass. I'm allowed to be be be be be be be be be be everything. I'm allowed to love whoever I want. I um so uh well well like like like like like like like like like like okay so I mean am not definable good for you girl. A woman should should should should should should should should should should be allowed to do whatever she you know so um so like um you know know know know know know know know know know like so wants with her body and her patreon is 18 plus. So not just anyone can watch if you want to support her and her Patron head over to patreon.com.