Hi everyone. Welcome to our latest episode. I'm Vivian. One of one of one one one one one one one one one one of one of one of one of one of one of one of one of of of of of of of of of of the co-hosts so so so like you know I mean so uh so of the the the the the the the the the the pulse podcast today. We have jaxxed odered. Most recently the past Chief Operating like like like like like like like like like like you know so um well okay well I mean uh Officer of Haven and and and and and and and and and and chief strategy officer and Chief Operating Officer of Accolade. Our you know so well well well well well well well well well well uh uh you know okay okay um purpose is to capture the pulse of of of of of of of of of of healthcare Innovation that spans Business Leaders and uh so like uh I mean so you you you you you you you you you you know like um others across the Healthcare Community. We are super excited to have Jack Jack Jack Jack Jack Jack Jack Jack Jack Jack join um um like well well I mean like well well us today. Jacques Jacques Jacques Jacques Jacques Jacques Jacques Jacques Jacques Jacques is jacques is jacques is jacques is jacques is jacques is jacques is is is is is is is is is is jacques is jacques is jacques is a senior operating leader with over two decades of of of of of of of of of of experience applying well you know like so I mean so uh like um um um um um um um um um um technology data science people and design thinking seeking to improve the Healthcare System. You You You You You You You You You You have so like so you know well so um well okay had an impressive career career career career career career career career career career transfer me healthcare companies. Can you give us a brief summary of so like like like like like like like like like like you know uh like you know uh um um your career path today? And what were were were were were were were were were were the key career Transitions and decisions you I mean um um um well I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean you know you know made along your journey? Sure. Well, it's thank you for inviting me. It's great to be here. I.