Wait, you're so just like let me interject real quick. That is a spicy spicy spicy spicy spicy spicy spicy spicy spicy spicy I mean uh I mean like so um so you know um hot take. Oh my my my my my my my my my my golly. I tell ya. All right. Well, it has to I mean like uh so so so so so so so so so so so okay I mean well uh start with the club because covid always starts it with with with with with with with with with with the club. Welcome so welcome so welcome so welcome so welcome so welcome so so so so so so so so so so welcome so welcome so welcome so welcome so well you know like you know like like like like like like like like like like I mean well like back. Everyone to everyone to everyone to everyone to everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone to everyone to everyone to everyone to everyone to everyone to know soups. Given Given Given Given Given Given Given Given Given Given this is a Ross cast all about the American you know uh okay okay so so so so so so so so so so I mean you know I mean um Collegiate raw circuit. My name is radhika radhika radhika radhika radhika radhika radhika radhika radhika radhika and I'm Global and today we have uh like like uh like so you you you you you you you you you you know well well one of our guests. Shravan. What's up? Oh God. That was so so so so so so so so so so hot somatic. Yo, I yo, I yo, I yo, I yo, I yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, I yo, I yo, I yo, I yo, I mean I mean you know know know know know know know know know know well I mean okay um um I mean it's your boy. I would like like like like like like like like like like to apologize to anyone that was wearing headphones. You know I mean well um um um um um um um um um um like so okay well I mean. All right. Yes, so we have have have have have have have have have have strong on he is a UCSD alum. You know like uh well you know um so so so so so so so so so so you know okay. He was on Ross All-Stars 11 board with us and now he he he he he he he he he he lives in Seattle. So shravan give us a little bit about yourself. What you you you you you you you you you you what you what you what you what you what you what you what you what you what you what you.