Hey, Joel, since we just finished our podcast. How are we going to upload upload upload upload upload upload upload upload upload upload this um you know I mean uh so you know I mean you know know know know know know know know know know well stuff? You haven't heard about anchor dot. F m-- Nah, man. What is is is is is is is is is is it all about uh okay I mean I mean um uh okay well um um um um um um um um um um Oh Sees easiest way to make a podcast really so well, first of well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know well uh you know well I mean you know all, it's completely completely completely completely completely completely completely completely completely completely free. You don't go to pay nothing. Really? Yeah. So well okay I I I I I I I I I I mean okay like you know so um like are we just dumping the audio audio audio audio audio audio audio audio audio audio on the Internet or is there a well well like you know well well well well well well well well well well like uh I mean like ways to do things with it then? Oh, no anchors anchors anchors anchors anchors anchors anchors anchors anchors anchors got creation tools allow like I mean um well well you know well you know know know know know know know know know know um you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your like like like like like like like like like like you know so uh uh um um um um computer. Wow. That is that is is is is is is is is is is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that that that that that that that that that that is so awesome. Yes. Now is it? It just on well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know um so um well um anchor or does it go anywhere else else else else else else else else else else after you post it? Well, once you you know you know you know okay okay like like like like like like like like like like I mean okay well post anchor anchor will distribute it out so I can can can can can can can can can can be heard on Spotify you know um so I mean well so so well well well well well well well well well well so Apple podcasts and a bunch more places. You don't you don't you don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't have to do anything but post it you know you know like like like like like like like like like like well so well okay okay okay to Anchor. Awesome. Is there any way to to to to to to to to to to make money off of it? Yeah, you know like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um like well you can make money starting with your podcast with no no no no no no no no no no minimum listenership. You can make you know okay so you know okay uh so so so so so so so so so so um well money right away. You can start making money man. That is awesome. So So So So So So So So So So well like uh I mean you know uh okay um uh what you're saying is is is is is is is is is is it's everything you need to to make a podcast in one place. So I I I I I I I I I I mean like so uh uh okay um okay. That's exactly what I'm saying. Wow. So download the free anchor app or go to.