Hello, welcome to the theology pug cast and we're glad to have you with us us us us us us us us us us again. Well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well you know I mean okay okay okay like like like like like like like like like like um. And it's the whole crew here today and we're going to do do do do do do do do do do this ourselves in a well so well uh um you know um uh well well well well well well well well well well minute, but guys, I realized just the other day that we've been at this this this this this this this this this this for like I mean okay I mean um um okay you know you know a a a a a a a a a a year. Well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, I well, I well, I well, I think this is like episode 56 or or or or or or or or or or something. Maybe it maybe like um so like well okay um like okay that's wrong. Wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong. We need the fact Checkers out there to correct us, you okay you know know know know know know know know know know like um okay I mean okay well um know, occasionally we do say things things things things things things things things things things that are not correct often speak for yourself. I mean uh um I I I I I I I I I I mean okay well uh okay well. Awesome, we correct each other in in in in in in in in in in the course of the show, but that just has like so well um um uh um um um um um um um um um um you know like because we do is almost zero prep. We just kind of of of of of of of of of of come from wherever we you know uh like uh I mean um like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um are and we sit down and and I think most of the time we we we we we we we we we we do so um so okay well well uh well I mean catch each each each each each each each each each each other but Caitlin someone Catches Us from someplace else. Never glad. I'm um so so so so so so so so so so so um you know you know I mean uh so glad that I don't think it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's ever happened to Glenn. I'm glad you got uh okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know okay well um me last week on Warfield and Whitfield. I've not heard the end of it my colleague Frank a mullet. Yeah initially when you.