Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um like uh like I mean so like to encourage all of you to download download download download download download download download download download the free anchor app or go to well um so like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh um Anchor Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. It it it it it it it it it. So easy um I mean okay uh um like okay like well guys, I I I I I I I I I I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I if I I I I I I I I I I if I if I if I if I if I if I if I I I I I I I I I I if I uh okay so okay you know you know you know uh you you you you you you you you you you know had only known it like five ten years before early because all I need need need need need need need need need need to do is so um um okay I mean you know well well like like like like like like like like like like download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click post post post post post post post post post post okay you know I mean well uh well you know I mean okay and anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish it in all the I I I I I I I I I I mean like you know you know you know so so I mean you know major podcast sides. Sides sides sides sides sides sides sides sides sides. You know apps that are available and I do not I mean I mean um um um um um um um um um um I mean you know like okay like uh need to do anything else. So this is is is is is is is is is is just too awesome guys. You also need like I mean well so I mean um um um um um um um um um um well you know so to make use of it. If you have a message message message message message message message message message message if you have some come you know okay I mean so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know content, which you feel that needs to reach out to the the the the the the the the the the world or simply want uh so um you know okay okay like uh well to to to to to to to to to to post something make sure you use this. Mascara. Namaskaram everyone, welcome back okay well well well well well well well well well well like um okay I mean you know okay uh to my shoes podcast. So So So So So So So So So So in today's podcast, I will be answering some queries that they receive on a day-to-day basis.