Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor you know know know know know know know know know know like well um you know I mean I mean uh okay it's the app I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to use it's you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay you know um like well free and there's creation tools straight in the the the the the the the the the the app that allow you to edit your um I mean well so okay you you you you you you you you you you know I mean well well podcast from your phone or computer and it will also distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast you know um you know you know you know um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like to Spotify apple and many more without having to do anything which is great great great great great great great great great great and okay well well I mean like uh so uh well you can make money from the the the the the the the the the the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also great man. So I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know you know uh well so I mean I mean. You gotta grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind you got to get to where you're going. So it's everything um um so well well well well well well well well well well like like uh I mean um you need to do all one place and to to to to to to to to to to download the app go I mean like um well well so um okay uh to anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor on the App Store anchored on FM online to get Started let's get um I I I I I I I I I I mean so so well uh well uh uh in the madness. Yo, yo yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, this is I'll bleed blue forever. Listen to like okay okay well so well you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so my man. Everything in YG's podcast Your Grace showed man loved listening. Keep Keep Keep Keep Keep Keep Keep Keep Keep Keep so I mean uh like I mean so so like well it up. Keep doing what what what what what what what what what what you're doing man. Great show great. Listen, love listen, love listen, love listen, love love love love love love love love love love listen, love listen, love listen, love listen, love listen, love listen, love okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so I mean so I mean um listening. Keep it up on a Giants players free agency cap space who ever listened to my man.