Hey, hey, we've got to see just for you here at musings of of of of of of of of of of a wildflower well you know well like you know you know okay uh well here. We talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked about everything from Faith to Wellness worship tutor. We find okay well you know you you you you you you you you you you know uh like well so um lessons and stories in the most unlikely of of of of of of of of of of places. We call them modern-day Parables. So so you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh so I mean um like grab your favorite coffee tea juice or some some some some some some some some some some high quality water and join us for this okay I mean you know uh uh you know know know know know know know know know know you know uh okay week's episode. Us Odes our stories are shared mostly mostly mostly mostly mostly mostly mostly mostly mostly mostly by Casey and some I mean I mean like so so well so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh of her amazing Community, you're part of our family. Now, you're a part of of of of of of of of of of our family. Like so like so like so like so like so like so so so so so so so so so so like so like so like so like so uh well okay um I mean uh uh. Uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh. Now, you're part of our family. Now, you're part of our family. Now, you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're part okay I mean um well I mean I mean um like well of our our our our our our our our our our family, you know, you're a part of our family now, right? Hi KC um you you you you you you you you you you know um okay I mean so well uh like is Lady Danielle Danielle Danielle Danielle Danielle Danielle Danielle Danielle Danielle Danielle here? I just I just I just I just I just I just I just just just just just just just just just just I just I just I just wanted to say thank you for sharing your podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. So um so um so um so um so um so um so um um um um um um um um um um so um so um so um um like so like I mean uh well. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you for sharing the things that you've learned the things that you've struggled with.