What's up, everybody? Welcome to episode 2 of East End talks today. We'll talk we'll talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk we'll talk we'll talk we'll talk we'll talk we'll talk we'll talk we'll talk we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll talk about um okay you know uh um um so so you know a a a a a a a a a a few things that actually had conversations with some of you over last week you you you you you you you you you you know uh um okay well um okay well uh and earlier this week. And the the the the the the the the the the first thing was poor is why am I not well you know uh well well well well well well well well well well you know okay okay okay like posting the full week of workouts on Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook a week in advance and it's simple like so uh okay so um like like like like like like like like like like like well reason really I just want don't want people cherry-picking the workouts. I I I I I I I I I I know you guys have well uh uh okay um so okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh certain schedules work schedules fail. Schedule things like that. And so there are are are are are are are are are are days that um um okay um okay I mean like I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean you can make it and days. You just can't make it. And that and and and and and and and and and and that and that and that and that and that and that and that and that that that that that that that that that that and that is how I okay like okay well okay I mean well okay well well well well well well well well well well want you to plan your week. I don't want you to plan your week okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like okay well uh uh uh uh to try based off of a certain certain certain certain certain certain certain certain certain certain workout that you're trying to either I mean you know like okay okay I mean you you you you you you you you you you know like I mean avoid or go to we discuss kind of in in in in in in in in in in the first podcast about the well I mean uh well well I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean purpose of the program is to Achieve a well-rounded base of Fitness across all domains of Fitness whether it be strength or cardiovascular endurance cardiorespiratory.