Hey everybody, Brayden Chase here. And this is just a quick pause here I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean I mean well you know I mean you know like during our lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson on English to tell you a little bit about something called so well well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um like uh okay well anchor anchor is actually the tool. I am I I I I I I I I I I am I am I am I am I am I am I am I am I I I I I I I I I I am using to produce this podcast for you. I mean so you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um um okay okay. So if you are listening to me right now, it's because of of of of of of of of of of anchor now. You know I mean like like well you know like um um um um um um um um um um so. What is anchor anchor is a free free podcast tool that you can can can can can can can can can can use uh uh I mean so you know okay I mean uh well to create create create create create create create create create create and record and edit. Build your build your build your build your build your your your your your your your your your your build your build your build your build your build your podcast right right right right right right right right right right on your phone or your computer like uh so like well you know okay well so so so so so so so so so so anchor distributes your podcast for you. So I don't have to track down apple apple apple apple apple apple apple apple apple apple and you know uh uh I mean like um okay I mean um Spotify and and and and and and and and and and Google anything it does that all automatically for me. I just kind of I I I I I I I I I I mean um um uh I mean well so like well click the button button button button button button button button button button and it goes all by itself. You can make money from these podcasts I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like so uh uh um um okay right this ad that that that that that that that that that that you're hearing right now is an ad that I've written so you know know know know know know know know know know um like so okay okay I mean okay for them so that I can make a little little little little little little little little little little bit of money off of um like so I mean uh like uh well well well well well well well well well well well this podcast. That's why it's free, right? I can give you these things. So So So So So So So So So So if so if so if so if so if so if so if so if so if so if you guys want to make one you can do.