If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let like let like let like let like let like let like let like let let let let let let let let let let like let like let like uh like you know I mean okay um um um um um um um um um um like okay me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to to to to to to to to to to record and edit I mean okay I mean uh you know uh um um um um um um um um um um um you know your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast like like so you know um well um like I mean for you. So it can can can can can can can can can can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more I mean uh uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean like I mean you can make money from your podcast with with with with with with with with with with no minimum. Listen ship is uh you know uh I mean um I I I I I I I I I I mean you know um well everything you need to make podcasts in one one one one one one one one one one place download the free ankle up or so okay um like um uh well um um um um um um um um um um like good Echo the FM to get started. Hi, this hi, this hi, this hi, this this this this this this this this this this hi, this hi, this hi, this hi, this hi, this hi, this is is is is is is is is is is Lynn Richardson This okay I mean um okay okay so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like Is wealth talk. I'm so excited about talking to you about money, but not not not not not not not not not not just money uh okay so um okay so um like so wealth means wisdom wisdom wisdom wisdom wisdom wisdom wisdom wisdom wisdom wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology love Theology love Theology love Theology love Theology love Theology Theology Theology Theology Theology Theology Theology Theology Theology Theology love Theology love Theology love Theology love Theology and health because I believe okay okay you know know know know know know know know know know uh I mean okay you know well um that wealth is not just about how much much much much much much much much much much money you have in your bank account. Um well um well um well um well well well well well well well well well well um well um well um well um well um well um well okay uh you you you you you you you you you you know uh uh uh I mean. It's about establishing Harmony in your personal life life life life life life life life life life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get get get get get get get get get get I get I get I get I get I get I get I get I get I get so many questions from people.