If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make make make make make make make make make make a podcast. Let I let I let I let I let I let I let let let let let let let let let let I let I let I let I mean like I mean you know know know know know know know know know know um um I mean um uh me explain. First of all, it's free. You don't have have have have have have have have have have to put any money up so like well um um um uh like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean front for someone who's starting out podcasting. That's a pretty big deal. There There There There There There There There There There are creation um uh well like I mean well so okay so tools that allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know well um so uh you know or computer. You have to go go go go go go go go go go out and spend a lot of money buying you know so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know uh you know um so software paying for recording equipment anchor will will will will will will will will will will distribute your podcast for you. So okay you know well okay well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more and and and and and and and and and and the best I mean I mean so well um um I mean you know I I I I I I I I I I mean part you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's everything well uh I mean like um like well okay you know you need need need need need need need need need need to make a podcast in one place doubled the free anchor app or you know you know know know know know know know know know know I mean I mean I mean I mean you know so uh go to to to to to to to to to to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started reads ranches proud apart with Marcos Garza Garza Garza Garza Garza Garza Garza Garza Garza Garza okay so so uh uh like uh okay well and the Garza Law Firm. Find yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself needing a lawyer for a DUI. If okay if okay if okay if okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay if okay if okay if okay if okay if okay if okay so so so so so so so so so so I mean so you know um I mean I mean I mean you you you you you you you you you you need a criminal defense lawyer, if you need a personal injury lawyer, Mark, Rose um like like like like like like like like like like okay well uh okay uh um okay Garza and his team can handle all three Garza. Law.com 8 6 5 5 4 0 8300 before you say.