Hello and welcome to Priority role and age of Sigma podcast from Sonny england. I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well like uh uh you know I mean like like. Join us as we discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss the ever-changing character of wargaming in the Mortal Realms grab well so well I I I I I I I I I I mean you know so so um like your D6 and get ready for the priority priority priority priority priority priority priority priority priority priority roll. Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and and and and and and and and and and hello and hello and hello and welcome to Priority so uh um so so so so so so so so so so okay I mean so uh so roll. My name is Dan. And today I'm joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined by the one and only Ben Curry um um you know okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean um to talk about Battletoads. How are you Ben? I'm fantastic. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you. I mean like um um you know okay well I mean like. It's really. Weird listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen to you at normal speed because when I listen to like you know so well well well well well well well well well well well like uh so I mean podcasts so is it time to so it's like why are are are are are are are are are are you speaking so you know so you know um well uh you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um slowly? Maybe I maybe I maybe I maybe I maybe I maybe I maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe I maybe I maybe I maybe I should turn to be like this really really really really really really really really really really quickly is that you know, like you know you know you know you know know know know know know know know know know um um like well my dulcet tones at times to you surely want to to to to to to to to to to listen to me, you well I mean well so okay like so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean know, get get the Full Effect one more in gram or it cram more more more more more more more more more more okay you know uh I mean uh uh um well so of me in in in in in in in in in in right? So what so what so what so what so what so what so what what what what what what what what what what so what so what so what we're gonna be doing today is we'll be talking about battle tones, but not a specific battle zones bad.