Hey for hey for hey for hey for hey for hey for hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey for hey for hey for hey for Center fans. Great Star great Star great Star Star Star Star Star Star Star Star Star Star great Star great Star great Star great Star great Star great Star Star Star Star Star Star Star Star Star Star great Star Wars discussions are on the way. But first, let um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like well so like you know I mean well me tell you about anchor it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let you know so okay like you you you you you you you you you you know I mean uh like I mean me explain first. It's free. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's the truth. It's free it's free it's free it's free it's free it's free it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's free it's free it's free it's free and there's creation tools uh so so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um well okay okay okay that allow you to record and edit your podcast right right right right right right right right right right from your phone okay like like uh like so I mean so uh or computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So going to be heard okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh you know uh so I mean um so on Spotify Apple podcasts and and and and and and and and and and many many more places to list keeps on growing and I mean okay like so um um um um um um um um um um okay you know I mean um you can make money from your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything um uh okay like um like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well so you need. Need to need to need to need to need to need need need need need need need need need need to need to need to need to need to make a podcast in in in in in in in in in in one place. So get started today start your podcast well um uh well well well well well well well well well well well I mean you know okay so get your voice out there download the the the the the the the the the the free anchor app or go to uh I mean okay you know so well um uh I I I I I I I I I I mean Anchor dot. F m-- to get started and now a word word word word word word word word word word about Spotify on you know like um okay so um so like okay Spotify. You You You You You You You You You You can listen to all of your favorite artists podcasts and even podcasts so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well um so okay I mean I mean about artists all in in in in in in in in in in one place for free. You don't even need a premium like I mean well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um um uh well account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every every every every every every every every every every topic including the one you're listening to right now for Center talking about Star Wars Spotify also has a.