Hey y'all. Welcome to La world. I'm so sorry. I'm a like well okay um um um um um um um um um um well I mean I mean well like fucking week late. I was I was was was was was was was was was was I was I was I was I was I was I was I I I I I I I I I I was I was supposed to be so fucking consistent but last week uh so like like like like like like like like like like well you know well um so you know I came to New Orleans my hometown hometown hometown hometown hometown hometown hometown hometown hometown hometown and it was mighty grind. It was it was it was it was it was it it it it it it it it it it was it was it was it was it was just uh well so like so so so so so so so so so so okay like like uh a lot of stuff going on and I could could could could could could could could could could have recorded like the days after okay okay so okay okay you know I I I I I I I I I I mean uh well but I had so much shit like a dentist's appointment. I had had had had had had had had had had to so you know um uh so you know so well well go get my my my my my my my my my my pap. Smear I have errands to run I was linking with so uh you you you you you you you you you you know I mean you know I mean I mean so um people that I see in in in in in in in in in in a while. Basically, I really didn't have time and you know like uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay you know um then I'm staying in New Orleans and my mom mom mom mom mom mom mom mom mom mom house and then my brother's over here you know I mean well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um I mean well and nephews and it be loud like I'm finally finally finally finally finally finally finally finally finally finally recording because now I'm finally so so well uh um so uh um so in in in in in in in in in in my house and no one's here right now, which is kind of rare. So okay well well well well well well well well well well uh um I mean um uh you know like I'm trying to record before before before before before before before before before before somebody try to come get back. So hopefully they'll be gone for these 20 minutes, but I'm back home been.