Hey guys, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a a a a a a a a podcast you know I mean so okay like uh okay I mean like Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Me Explain real quick first, it's free. How could you get anything better at at at at at at at at at at like I mean well well um uh uh so like something that's free. There's also also also also also also also also also also creation tools that allow you to record and edit um so you know like you you you you you you you you you you know like well so okay your podcast right from your phone or computer how how how how how how how how how how convenient anchor will also I mean like you know well okay so like like like like like like like like like like so uh distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcast and many well I mean uh well uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like more you can make money from your podcast to with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. It's uh I mean well you know um okay I mean um well well well well well well well well well well everything you need to make. Podcast at one place download the free like well well well well well well well well well well like I mean like okay okay you know okay anchor app or go go go go go go go go go go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Once again that's I mean well um like like like like like like like like like like like I mean okay I mean okay anchored on FM to get started. Started started started started started started started started started. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to immerse boys immersed with the boys and you know know know know know know know know know know I mean well okay like like like um well be immersed by the the the the the the the the the the boys. Yeah, there we go coming at you week I mean I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean okay so um like I mean you know three, but four four four four four four four four four four you probably week one. Hopefully hopefully week one because we've had a like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know like um I mean you know um few if you miss allocation. Allocation allocation allocation allocation allocation allocation allocation allocation allocation. Yeah. Yeah. It's been good. We're getting we're getting we're getting we're getting we're getting we're getting we're getting we're getting we're getting we're getting better though mistakes.