So I guess we'll start off with a question this week. My My My My My My My My My My first of so so I mean uh I mean okay you know like so all, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's episode 4 for 4, fuck me and my feelings. Yeah. So anyway, so anyway, so anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, so anyway, so anyway, so anyway, so anyway, so anyway, so anyway, so anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, Mike I'm you know like um like you know um I mean well like gonna ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask you a question. Yes watching. It's not a trick question. Okay. You know you you you you you you you you you you know okay well okay um so well so. Do you think the Earth is flat? No No No No No No No No No No good. I don't have to fucking um uh like well uh I mean like like like like like like like like like like like I mean kill you because I was looking in the news. Out of out of of of of of of of of of of out of out of out of out of out of out of out of out of of of of of of of of of of the day that so I mean um I mean you know like okay okay well died. Died died died died died died died died died. Yeah, you fucking doubt. He's fairly he's fairly he's fairly he's fairly he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's fairly he's fairly he's fairly he's fairly he's fairly he's fairly he said his whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole life trying to like like like like so like well okay so prove the Earth Earth Earth Earth Earth Earth Earth Earth Earth Earth is flat. He said he said he said he said he said he said said said said said said said said said said he said he said he said he said he spent his days for for for for for for for for for for $18,000 um uh okay you know well uh like like so making a rocket. Rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket. He said I happen when the rocket took off the parachute well well like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know uh okay uh went off of it. Like here's the rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket the pair she fell out class as we so well like you know know know know know know know know know know uh like um uh uh could have been a fucking idiot. That's what you get get get get get get get get get get for being a fucking idiot well okay uh you know okay well so I I I I I I I I I I mean so $18,000 built a whole rocket bro. That's like we like it's amazing. Amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing. That's a that's a that's a that's a that's a that's a that's a that's a a a a a a a a a a that's a that's a nice Camry and SpaceX or $18,000 is like the chairs they put in that.