Hello and welcome to this episode of the ESG Fitness podcast. I've got um um um um um um um um um um um so well um uh uh um so Andy on which means we are are are are are are are are are are answering your questions Andy, how are you? I'm good. Uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean uh okay well okay. Thank you. How about yourself? I'm okay the last last last last last last last last last last couple of days my back was so well well like so well well um you you you you you you you you you you know much better. But now it's really bad again might have been because I I I I I I I I I I uh well like I mean okay well you know uh so try to to to to to to to to to to train legs. Yeah, that's knocks. That's not a smart idea. I mean are you well well well well well well well well well well uh you know uh like you know I mean um um I didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't even do that before I hurt my back you're as you see you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're one you know you know uh so you know okay so well okay of of of of of of of of of of these people who actually huzzah An excuse not to treat legs. Yeah. Well like like like like like like like like like like um like I mean uh um okay well like I've learnt from I I I I I I I I I I say I've learnt from that. I've definitely not as soon as um uh I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean so uh um like you know it feels better again. Again again again again again again again again again. I will be doing the same thing, but I am using I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean you know so well I mean so um this special special special special special special special special special special injection into my piriformis on Monday. So fingers crossed that it's going to improve things things things things things things things things things things I mean um you know I mean okay um I mean um you know know know know know know know know know know for me ideal ideal now if you don't be a good good start First First First First First First First First First First question. Okay is quite a long one. And normally and normally and normally and and and and and and and and and and normally and normally and normally and normally and normally and normally and normally I make excuses that it's not.