Just got to get up and tell the devil who you are. You so you you you you you you you you you you so you so you so you so you so you so you so you you you you you you you you you you so you so I mean so um like um uh I mean uh gotta tell that that that that that that that that that that devil who you are today. I woke up and I told the you know you know know know know know know know know know know um well like like okay well you know devil who I am in Christ. I am I I I I I I I I I I am I am I am I am I am I am I am I I I I I I I I I I am I am complete in him who is the so okay you know like like like like like like like like like like well okay okay uh okay head of all principality and power. I am alive alive alive alive alive alive alive alive alive alive in Christ. I am free from uh like so um you know uh so so so so so so so so so so like you know the law of sin and death. I am far far far far far far far far far far from oppression and the enemy cannot okay um um well I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean uh like come near me. I am born of God and the the the the the the the the the the evil one cannot touch okay so um like I mean um you know you know know know know know know know know know know I mean me. I Am Without Blame before him in love. Love I love love love love love love love love love love I love I love I love I love I love I love I love love love love love love love love love love I love I am in right um well you know I mean well you you you you you you you you you you know like so I mean standing with the father. I have the mind of of of of of of of of of of Christ. I have the peace of uh um well okay like okay uh I mean so so so so so so so so so so God that surpasses all understanding greater is he that is in me than he that that that that that that that that that that like well uh um well uh like you know uh is in the world. World world world world world world world world world. I have received the power of the Holy Spirit. I have I mean uh like like like like like like like like like like you know so well you know okay so put up the old and put on on on on on on on on on on the new I have been given and so okay you know so okay so you you you you you you you you you you know like I mean it's been given to me. I have no lack for for for for for for for for for for my God shall supply um well uh well like um uh okay uh all my my my my my my my my my my needs. According to his riches. I have been called out of Darkness Into The Marvelous Light of the Gospel.