What's up, everybody? Welcome back to the heroes for sale podcast. My name is adam. I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean okay so I mean like well like you know I I I I I I I I I I mean. I am your host. Thank you to everybody who listened to the last you know know know know know know know know know know uh okay uh um you know okay well uh episode and welcome to anybody anybody anybody anybody anybody anybody anybody anybody anybody anybody who is a new listener here. So on this episode, uh well uh so you know know know know know know know know know know okay so so like I'm going to be doing something a little bit different different different different different different different different different different I am going so like you know um okay uh um okay like so I'm trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying to put together this like algorithm. And so I just wanted to kind of of of of of of of of of of uh well um I mean I mean I mean uh you know so film and and and and and and and and and and put together. Kind of making it I guess is the best way to well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well okay well you know well so put it I mean so I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've been looking into like I've talked about in the like like so you know um um um um um um um um um um um uh you know uh past I talked about in the last episode that that that that that that that that that that I really am a big fan of well so I mean okay uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like the Bowman Chrome rookie cards. So not the Bowman Prospect cards the the the the the the the the the the ones with the well so okay okay I mean okay uh like well RC RC RC RC RC RC RC RC RC RC logo. So I was putting together some statistics with the PSA Pop reports reports reports reports reports reports reports reports reports reports I mean I mean you know okay um um well so um and then the the the the the the the the the the pricing of those specific cards, so Here's basically what I well well like I I I I I I I I I I mean you know I mean you know um I mean got, so like I I I I I I I I I I was looking at like players basically I use trout as a baseline, but I think something that's when I originally made this.