Good morning. Good morning. You're listening to live an app kind of like a a a a a a a a a a heart to um I mean well like like like uh you know um heart acceptance acceptance acceptance acceptance acceptance acceptance acceptance acceptance acceptance acceptance live and neck get it live to neck. It's okay. It's the first like like like like like like like like like like um you know well I mean you know uh um I mean shot. I say we we we we we we we we we we roll with it and we just keep going. You're right, you know okay I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean like I mean uh okay um except it's live to neck. Neck neck neck neck neck neck neck neck neck. Yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's yeah, that's about it. I got it live uh uh so you know uh well well well well well well well well well well okay you know okay to neck live to knock exactly and well, welcome to to to to to to to to to to this first episode. This may this may this may this may this may may may may may may may may may may this may this may this may this may this may like you know okay uh um um um um um um um um um um um you know okay okay be a train wreck. It may be like if if if if if if if if if if it is we're just gonna go like I mean uh so like um uh um um um um um um um um um um uh with the flow. That's us that's us that's us that's us that's us us us us us us us us us us that's us that's us that's us that's us that's us and let the train hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit us - oh man. I mean I mean I mean I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean like like like like like like like like like like like so like well so um. I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just saying go with the the the the the the the the the the flow of things the flow of the train. Hitting I mean you know okay so so so so so so so so so so I mean uh okay okay like our bodies great start. This is great. Hey Chelsea, Chelsea, Chelsea, Chelsea, Chelsea, Chelsea, Chelsea, Chelsea, Chelsea, Chelsea, who are you? Hey, I'm great. What's going what's going what's going what's going going going going going going going going going going what's going what's going what's going what's going what's going what's going on Olivia? What's going on Oliveira.