Well, either freaks, it's your boy Marty been here to introduce this flash episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode of uh you know well I mean uh uh you know um um Tales from from from from from from from from from from the Crypt sat down with our good friend Bitcoin Tina to talk about the the the the the the the the the the like I mean I mean uh I mean uh um so I mean perfect storm storm storm storm storm storm storm storm storm storm of things that are happening in the world that are bullish for Bitcoin I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean um like well so well well uh a lot going on right now now now now now now now now now now particularly this week in American markets globally with the I mean so okay like well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well coronavirus reading I think you guys are gonna like it it it it it it it it it it quick one always bullish bullish uh I mean um you know like you you you you you you you you you you know I mean you know uh as always with our good friend Tina. This episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode is brought to you so you know like uh like like well you know know know know know know know know know know uh by the cash yet freaks are null. Um, I was actually had a friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend so well like uh I mean okay I mean you know okay reach out to to to to to to to to to to me the yesterday the other not the other day yesterday. Okay like um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh um like you know. He was like, ah, let's see easiest way to to to to to to to to to to buy Bitcoin. Remember you uh I mean so I mean I mean okay um you know know know know know know know know know know you know told me download that what was it the cash yet? That's what I I I I I I I I I I said. It's uh like uh uh like you know I mean so you know know know know know know know know know know the easiest way to buy Bitcoin. He had to be refreshed his memory had had had had had had had had had had I mean uh you know like I mean uh like I mean so to to to to to to to to to to be refreshed yesterday did a little video on my cell phone showing them uh so so like like like like like like like like like like uh you know like you know okay how to buy Bitcoin. I did that that that that that that that that that that thing where you record your screen went to the cash app scroll over to the squiggly line the.