A quick word about my sponsor anchor if you've ever thought about creating well well well well well well well well well well you know okay you know you know you know so uh so your own podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast piece of advice for you. Use anchor anchor is your One Stop like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well um you know okay so okay Shop for creating your own podcast. It's free. Free free free free free free free free free. It allows you to record okay well uh uh you know you know like like like like like like like like like like okay like and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. It also also also also also also also also also also distributes uh like I mean well so like so so uh your podcast to to to to to to to to to to most major podcast platforms. And finally, and finally, and finally, and finally, and finally, and and and and and and and and and and finally, and finally, and finally, and finally, and finally, it gives you an opportunity um um um um um um um um um um like well um so so I mean well like to monetize your podcast. So if podcast or something something something something something something something something something something you're looking to get like so so you know well like well like like like like like like like like like like like into download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m It started. Started started started started started started started started started. Well well okay like um um um okay um. Hey, welcome back. So been been been been been been been been been been so been so been so been so been so been so been so been been been been been been been been been been so been so been a couple days since I did my last podcast as as as as as as as as as as well as I mean I mean like uh I mean like um uh so my last, last, last, last, last, last, last, last, last, last, you know update on this kind of coronavirus and all the things kind of you you you you you you you you you you know um I mean I mean like okay okay like uh surrounding that that's you you you you you you you you you you know, this this this podcast this YouTube channel well um uh you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so um uh could almost be called, you know, coronavirus Central and it has has has has has has has has has has been that way you know well I mean so uh so so you know know know know know know know know know know you know since you know, January 21st, when I kind of first started talking about about about about about about about about about about it and I mean okay so you know so um like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so so and for good reason obviously, I think that should be obvious to everyone you occasionally the comment and I'll see you at.