Hey guys, episode 1 Welcome to the rewired live podcast. I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited for for for for for for for for for for this thing to um okay um you know I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean get launching. So hey, if we have not met, my name is Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Ludlow okay okay um um you know like um so well CEO and and and and and and and and and and head coach of rewired Fitness comb. We are a fitness based community in like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean so uh okay like uh North Spokane that does coach lead strength strength strength strength strength strength strength strength strength strength and conditioning this podcast is honestly something that's been like well you know well well well well well well well well well well like um like uh uh on my mind for a while and it's time time time time time time time time time time for it to go. So here well you know well so like well you you you you you you you you you you know I mean okay we go with episode. I want to talk a a a a a a a a a a little bit about why we're doing this uh you know well so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh I mean and what to expect and who it's for. So let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's get right into okay like so uh uh um well um well it. It it it it it it it it it. The why honestly it's because one of our values that we've always had had had had had had had had had had uh like well well well okay uh like okay for our fitness Community Community Community Community Community Community Community Community Community Community that's six and a half years old is to always be okay you know well well well well well well well well well well well like uh uh um you know improving. So I see this podcast as as as as as as as as as as an opportunity to improve communication to be able to be be a platform for talking about things.