If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make okay um like I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean uh like well okay a podcast. Let me let me let let let let let let let let let let me let me let me let me let me let me let me me me me me me me me me me let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um so well um like I mean um um to record and edit your your your your your your your your your your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will will will will will will will will will will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you know like um okay um uh um I mean um you. So it it it it it it it it it it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more um so like like uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know so okay you can make money from your podcast with no no no no no no no no no no minimum listenership. It's everything well I mean okay uh uh so like okay like you need need need need need need need need need need to make a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor app uh like so so so so so so so so so so uh okay okay like so well or go to incurred on FM to get started. Started started started started started started started started started. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to the wish well um um so you know like like like like like like like like like like like uh like you know podcast a woman's integrated Summit on health and wellness a a a a a a a a a a podcast hosted by dr. I mean okay okay okay I mean like so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well. Michelle dang, a board-certified anesthesiologist and Pain Management physician with additional Fellowship training in in in in in in in in in in you know I mean okay okay you know okay uh I mean uh integrative integrative integrative integrative integrative integrative integrative integrative integrative integrative medicine. This podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast will feature weekly episodes with women from all walks of life discussing their health and.