This is dumb money live with Chris Camilo Dave Hanson and Jordan McClain streaming live you you you you you you you you you you know um well um okay uh well so I mean on YouTube. We are dumb money. Money money money money money money money money money. Good morning. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to the money live. I'm well um well so so so so so so so so so so so uh okay like you know Dave Hanson joined with Chris at Jordan is going to be be be be be be be be be be joining us soon I mean um okay like um so I mean okay you know and and and and and and and and and and look who just popped on. Hey, it's okay Grant. What's up? Dude, hey, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, hey, dude, hey, dude, hey, dude, hey, dude, hey, dude, hey, dude, hey, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, hey, dude, hey, how's it like so I mean okay um uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know well going? Good, glad you could join us. We're all doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing this this special broadcast. We well um uh okay um okay um well well normally normally normally normally normally normally normally normally normally normally don't do a live broadcast on Tuesday, but we have to talk um well well well well well well well well well well I mean you know I mean so uh um um about Robin Hood. It's a company company company company company company company company company company that Chris Jordan and I are all investors in not uh you know I I I I I I I I I I mean you know like like well so well as users of the company, company, company, company, company, company, company, company, company, company, but we're actual investors in the series a shares of Robin um so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know so so you know um Hood markets Inc. That's the parent company of of of of of of of of of of this brokerage that is kind of changed well um so okay well like like so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh the rules offering free training quickly being copied by all the other Brokers out there with free trading on Schwab and he traded TD and.