Hey everybody. Welcome to Florida basketball. Our on this week's show. We will will will will will will will will will will discuss Florida's loss okay like okay like I mean uh well like like at Tennessee Tennessee Tennessee Tennessee Tennessee Tennessee Tennessee Tennessee Tennessee Tennessee get into Florida's win at Georgia puts the Gators to 19 and and and and and and and and and and well um so you know you know like uh well okay 11 ahead of of of of of of of of of of senior day in the Odom Saturday at Kentucky. Carrie Blackshear. The lone um uh like like like like like like like like like like well I mean uh uh well uh senior technically could be the last game for for for for for for for for for for Scotty. Louis could be the okay I mean like uh well um okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay last game for Dante pass it Dante bassett's going to graduate with honors High okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like well you know um okay like uh like honors, I think in In In In In In In In In In In the spring which is fantastic really happy for him or uh well okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know um uh okay you know take some listener questions. It's a a a a a a a a a a fun show. We hope you guys enjoy it. You so you so you you you you you you you you you you so you so you so you so you so you so you so you so you you you you you you you you you you know okay so you know okay uh I mean uh know, this is the fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun time of the year in our sport. This is uh um uh so well like like like like like like like like like like so so so March. Now we're from this week's sponsor for the basketball. Our this this this this this this this this this this our this our this our this our this our this our this our this this this this this this this this this this our this our this week well okay you know okay um so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean is brought to you by anchor that's the platform. We use to bring bring bring bring bring bring bring bring bring bring you this podcast. It's a free platform and there are creation tools that allow you to.