For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by T starter, okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh you know well you know you know well uh we think teachers teachers teachers teachers teachers teachers teachers teachers teachers teachers hours each week by creating quality downloadable teaching resources for their um you know know know know know know know know know know well uh um uh like so um classrooms visit teach starter.com to make your your your your your your your your your your classroom Buzz warning this episode um uh so like I mean okay so okay you you you you you you you you you you know of Friday funny is is not for little ears if you've got kids with with with with with with with with with with you save like um um okay you know I mean um uh okay this listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening goodness for later. Joe Mr. D. Dombrowski is a grade 5 teacher you know know know know know know know know know know um okay I mean I mean you know okay I mean okay and professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional comedian who inspires kids to love learning with his quirky sense of uh well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know I mean you know humor follow him on Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram at Mister D times 3, I'm Braun and this is um so like um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like okay I mean Friday fun. He's with mr. D. Hello and welcome to Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday funny is okay so you know well um okay I mean okay so I am am am am am am am am am am here with this V. Hey, mr. D. Hey, how are you gonna say? well so so so so so so so so so so okay uh I mean um okay I mean well Hey girl. Agora I agora I I I I I I I I I I agora I agora I agora I agora I agora I agora I agora I agora I do say that a lot especially as a male subject headings. I.