Hello, if you haven't heard about the anchor is the easiest way to um uh like like like like like like like like like like so well um well so uh make podcast. Let me explain. First of all, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's free second of all, you know so uh I mean okay like well well well well well well well well well well you know like there is a creation tool that allow you to record and and and and and and and and and and edit your podcast right I mean uh I mean um so like so so so so so so so so so so you know I mean from your phone or your computer. Third. Anchor will distribute your your your your your your your your your your podcast for well well um so so so like okay like you. So it can be be be be be be be be be be heard on Spotify. Apple past apple past apple past apple past apple apple apple apple apple apple apple apple apple apple past apple past apple past apple past apple past apple past cut and many many many many many many many many many many others. Fourth so um like I mean uh okay well you know okay you can can can can can can can can can can easily make money with podcasts with minimum listenership. It's literally everything you need I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well um you know um like well I mean I mean in one place. Place place place place place place place place place. Thank you. I've always been sure capitalists get their money for like you know so so so so so so so so so so I mean you know well like uh you know any small business thinking of funding their their their their their their their their their their new adventure one possibility is to approach Venture capitalists so I mean well I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean like uh uh be seized and raise the funds many many many many many many many many many many VCS invest in small companies and if I mean so uh uh well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay uh you watch even one episode of Shark Tank, you know, it is based. Having a sound idea. However, you might wonder how VCS acquire.