Hey everybody, welcome back to the Dallas and show the podcast that I that so so so so so so so so so so you know I mean I mean like okay um okay okay I have. Um, I'm here here here here here here here here here here with Liana my girlfriend Lee and how you doing? I'm like I'm like I'm like like like like like like like like like like I'm like I'm like I'm like I'm like I'm like I'm like I'm like um like like like like like like like like like like you know you know so okay um um good how happy happy March. Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Martin. You'll Marilla marzipan, March 1 March. Oh, you well so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean well well um know, it was a leap year yesterday. Yeah. I I I I I I I I I I felt I felt I felt I felt I felt I felt I felt I felt I I I I I I I I I I felt I felt really stupid because well well well like you know so so um um um um um um um um um um like I had to ask you a question about leap year. What did you ask like like like like like like like like like like I mean uh I mean okay like well like um me to remember? We're about about about about about about about about about about people's birthdays, you know, I Grew up with the kid um okay um uh well well well well well well well well well well well uh I mean uh whose dad his birthday was that we'd always teased that he he he he he he he he he he had his dad was okay I mean you know so okay you know I mean um um um um um um um um um um you know only like 14 or whatever. I literally never thought of that once that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's interesting and it's you know you know well so well like okay you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean whenever I'm in Years of Living that's how old you are never thought wow could've you you you you you you you you you you know well so so I mean you know so okay so fooled me. Well, I I I I I I I I I I apparently they celebrate it on the 28th or today. That's so well so I mean like like like like like like like like like like like so um like like sad. That's not their birthday. Yeah. That's it's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's it's that's it's that's it's that's it's that's it's that's it's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's it's that's it's that's it's really weird. I know. Do you know how leap year year year year year year year year year year started? No, it no, it no, it no, it no, it no, it no, it no, it no, it no, it was Julius Caesar really because every four.