Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to wizard team a Harry Potter cast for two potterheads each week. So So So So So So So So So So um um okay okay you know so well like. We discussed a chapter from the the the the the the the the the the series with all of our knowledge of The like I mean uh um um um um um um um um um um um you know you know um like Wizarding World be warned. This is a spoiler heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy podcast. I'm Brianna and I'm robin. Okay so well uh so so so you you you you you you you you you you know well. We were really excited to go chapter by chapter discuss all of of of of of of of of of of our thoughts and um you know like okay okay I mean okay well uh feelings feelings feelings feelings feelings feelings feelings feelings feelings feelings about the original book theories, but that's over now today. We're discussing scenes so um um um um um um um um um um you know so uh well so I mean like 59 365 of Fantastic Beasts Beasts Beasts Beasts Beasts Beasts Beasts Beasts Beasts Beasts and Where to Find Them first. We have some announcements okay um um um like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so so and reminders is an interactive podcast. We want we want we we we we we we we we we we want we want we want we want we want we want we want we want want want want want want want want want want to know your thoughts. So, please feel okay I mean like so like like like like like like like like like like like like well like free to tweet along with us. You can use the hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag wizard team on Twitter to join uh okay okay um uh you know you you you you you you you you you you know um I mean the conversation love our blog love with 13 have a few few few few few few few few few few extra guy in flying you know okay well so like well well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know around donate to block us create check out our new Petronas perks or send us a cheering charm at black girls create dot-org.