Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your host. Host host host host host host host host host. I mean uh so okay okay like uh like uh. Dr. Maggie Maggie Maggie Maggie Maggie Maggie Maggie Maggie Maggie Maggie Perry. I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a a a a a a a a a a I'm a I'm a I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical Clinical Clinical Clinical Clinical Clinical Clinical Clinical Clinical Clinical Psychology. I'm also the um so like well like I mean okay like okay founder of the the the the the the the the the the online group therapy platform model that care. I love I love I love I I I I I I I I I I love I love I love I love I love I love I love helping people people people people people people people people people people overcome anxiety obsessive well so um you know I mean you know um um um um um um um um um um um okay compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, please join us each week as we we we we we we we we we we share real sessions like like well like so uh you know okay I I I I I I I I I I mean with actual clients that reveal helpful techniques for effectively dealing with anxiety OCD OCD OCD OCD OCD OCD OCD OCD OCD OCD mood okay well well um I mean okay I mean like you know disorders and stress stress stress stress stress stress stress stress stress stress will discuss what effective therapy looks like sounds like and feels um I I I I I I I I I I mean you know uh uh like okay like uh like will follow our guests guests guests guests guests guests guests guests guests guests as they overcome their biggest fears and find that despite um so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so like uh um their biological vulnerabilities. They can still live a rich rich rich rich rich rich rich rich rich rich full and meaningful life with uh like uh okay like okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so a reputed approach a strength base and seeks to find and reinforce reinforce reinforce reinforce reinforce reinforce reinforce reinforce reinforce reinforce what clients do okay so like um okay well like so okay well to help them them them them them them them them them them generalize those skills towards areas where their stock my model I mean well like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh well uh well for Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.