Spoiler alert, spoiler alert, spoiler alert, spoiler alert, spoiler alert, spoiler alert, spoiler spoiler spoiler spoiler spoiler spoiler spoiler spoiler spoiler spoiler alert, spoiler alert, spoiler alert, spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's show. So tune out if you want uh okay uh so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know uh uh to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported reported reported reported reported reported reported reported reported reported I reported I reported I reported I reported I reported I reported I reported I reported reported reported reported reported reported reported reported reported reported I reported that Madison um so uh I mean uh I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew Link in the the the the the the the the the the like okay I mean well so okay okay uh I mean description and I I I I I I I I I I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie so well I mean so well well well well well well well well well well like you know so okay was certainly going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory theory theory theory theory theory theory theory theory theory is officially dead because Claire Crawley you know um okay uh okay like um I I I I I I I I I I mean you know was announced as next season's leading woman. So let me get this this this this this this this this this this straight. Maddie was I mean so okay you know well like like so so so so so so so so so so so filming something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so she has okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like I mean okay I mean like like to be the winner winner winner winner winner winner winner winner winner winner of this season, right? Is there any other reason Maddie would so like you you you you you you you you you you know I mean you know um well um so have been filming this is unconfirmed. Unconfirmed unconfirmed unconfirmed unconfirmed unconfirmed unconfirmed unconfirmed unconfirmed unconfirmed. But as of right now I see no well uh okay I mean you know know know know know know know know know know uh well so like other explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let me know your thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts down in I mean um I mean like well well like okay um um um um um um um um um um the comments below. That's all that's all that's all that's all that's all that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's all that's all that's all that's all that's all I've got for today on on on on on on on on on on Bachelor News Daily. But if like uh okay um uh okay well like like like like like like like like like like well you're new to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep dive on her her her her her her her her her her earlier today. Like uh so um okay well okay so you know. So check check check check check check check check check check that out on this channel and make sure you check out okay you know like like like like like like like like like like so like like you know I mean um our Bachelor after show show show show show show show show show show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.