Rise and shine. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing you know I mean so well so you know well I mean well on the the the the the the the the the the top of your mouth on one side and brush a little circles around each each each each each each each each each each I mean you know I mean you know so so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean T3. It's heroines it's heroines it's heroines it's heroines it's heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines it's heroines it's heroines it's heroines it's heroines it's heroines week where every every every every every every every every every every day we tell you the story of a heroic well okay you know so like like like like like like like like like like like okay um so woman from history. Today's heroic woman is Dolores Huerta Huerta Huerta Huerta Huerta Huerta Huerta Huerta Huerta Huerta who helped Farm Workers be treated fairly you know uh okay well you you you you you you you you you you know uh uh like well by the people. They work for the Laura sweat sweat sweat sweat sweat sweat sweat sweat sweat sweat that grew up in uh you know you know I mean I mean like like like like like like like like like like like like okay California and a family with Mexican heritage. Dolorous. His father worked on on on on on on on on on on a farm helping so well you know okay so um like you know um um um um um um um um um um to pick the fruits and vegetables. Their family their family their family their family their family family family family family family family family family family their family their family their family their family their family didn't have much money, money, money, money, money, money, money, money, money, money, but Dolores was uh you know I mean uh so uh okay so so so so so so so so so so I mean a smart hard-working student. You grew you grew you grew you you you you you you you you you you grew you grew you grew you grew you grew you grew you grew up up up up up up up up up up and became a school teacher. Switcher brushing switcher brushing switcher brushing switcher brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing switcher brushing switcher brushing switcher brushing switcher brushing switcher brushing switcher brushing to okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so well like like like well uh well the other side of the top of your mouth and brush all the way to the.