Hello again, everybody. I'm dr. Steve Brule this I'm the principal of Lincoln high Central Central Central Central Central Central Central Central Central Central I mean you know well um um uh I mean like I mean and your host host host host host host host host host host for everything Central my guest. This episode will be seniors who um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well okay like well I mean well um were recently honored for earning the highest highest highest highest highest highest highest highest highest highest academic honor Ed Central summa cum laude at like I mean um well like like like like like like like like like like like like so so the end of seven semesters. We had 29 seniors out of approximately approximately approximately approximately approximately approximately approximately approximately approximately approximately four hundred so so you know okay you know um okay you know know know know know know know know know know like and ninety who have earned a GPA of 5.0 and above today. We We We We We We We We We We well so okay like you know you know uh like okay have a couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple of those Those students with us Beth Wilson and George Burchfield. Thanks well so you you you you you you you you you you know so so I mean so so well for being with us today guys. What I'd like like like like like like like like like like you to do is state your name um you know you know like you know know know know know know know know know know uh well I mean I mean and the activities you've been involved with at at at at at at at at at at Central I'm Georgia burchfield. Like well okay I mean okay I mean you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so. I'm involved with mathletes boys lacrosse football soccer and basketball. I'm Beth Wilson and and and and and and and and and and I'm well uh you know you know okay well okay uh well involved with lots lots lots lots lots lots lots lots lots lots of music things pep band marching band jazz band Symphony. Lots of stuff great. So both of you.