Hey, what's up? Welcome back to the Purple Monkey podcast. We got a I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um okay um um I mean I mean um I mean great show show show show show show show show show show for you guys today Beauty right boys, beautiful beautiful show introducing a new market you you you you you you you you you you know okay um you know like like uh so like today. We'll The we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll The we'll The we'll The we'll The we'll The we'll The we'll The we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll The we'll The Savage if that's me. I'm well, or will the Savage you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh like okay um um so on this chord? That's great. That's a a a a a a a a a a big. Thanks very soon. That's uh um so uh I mean like I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean so pretty Savage so money update two episodes in we not the not the most most most most most most most most most most fruitful uh you know I mean I mean um I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like episodes. I'd say we're at four dollars 48 cents should Chang it's still still still still still still still still still still we're uh well so okay so like well so I mean almost at five dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars and was a $5. That's the point that I mean okay okay so I I I I I I I I I I mean well so like okay I think we can probably Go to the dollar store store store store store store store store store store almost five round trips. Yeah, you know okay so I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like well I mean that's really awesome. We can buy a bouncy ball ball ball ball ball ball ball ball ball ball or like a confetti okay uh so I mean uh I mean okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know Pauper like five of those not like a beef stick or this that that that that that that that that that that oh, I mean I mean um so I mean okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know maybe beefsteak say we can see ya Takin darts at a dart dart dart dart dart dart dart dart dart dart for the Marlboro so so I mean you know like okay uh okay well well well well well well well well well well Man sponsorship backwards good idea. So this is the most packed episode we've ever had well well well well well well well well well well like uh um uh uh um okay you know that's cool. It's cool five for for for for for for for for for for the boy likes five people what could go wrong? We would have to my my my my my my my my my my tested fate. Let's just let's just let's just let's just let's just let's just just just just just just just just just just let's just let's just let's just let's just put it like that practically kissing.