Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring our episode on Betty Gale Brown from from from from from from from from from from the you know I mean well so uh like so well like unsolved murders podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast in 1961. Her murder shocked the state of Kentucky. She was so I mean you you you you you you you you you you know uh okay uh I mean like okay found on her college campus strangled to to to to to to to to to to death with her own bra one man uh I mean well you know like like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so so confessed to the crime but was never convicted what really happened happened happened happened happened happened happened happened happened happened to Betty Gale okay uh I mean uh I mean well um um okay Brown that night night night night night night night night night night to hear more episodes like this follow unsolved murders free on okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like I mean I mean um you know so Spotify or Wherever you get your your your your your your your your your your podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of so I mean I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so like like like this murder case listener discretion is advised this this this this this this this this this this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of I mean okay um well you know okay you you you you you you you you you you know uh I mean murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise advise advise advise advise advise advise advise advise advise we advise we advise we advise we advise we advise we advise we advise advise advise advise advise advise advise advise advise advise we advise we advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Well uh like you you you you you you you you you you know you know I mean I mean I mean um. On an eerie, October 9th in 1961. Something wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky.