It looks it looks it looks it looks it looks it looks it looks looks looks looks looks looks looks looks looks looks it looks it looks it looks like there's going to be a lady Loki Loki Loki Loki Loki Loki Loki Loki Loki Loki in the upcoming Disney plus okay um um so okay uh so so I I I I I I I I I I mean series after all there have been new set photos revealed on Twitter by by by by by by by by by by at BR um I mean uh well okay like okay you know uh Marvel Marvel Marvel Marvel Marvel Marvel Marvel Marvel Marvel Marvel news showing Sofia demartino dressed in a black suit with the green and gold okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like okay like so okay okay I mean that is a dead giveaway for for for for for for for for for for Loki. This was a rumor that was circulating not long ago, so well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so like I mean well I mean but was never actually confirmed now now now now now now now now now now looks like that's exactly what we'll be getting. So like so like so so so so so so so so so so like so like so like so like so like so like so like so so so so so so so so so so like you know I mean okay okay I mean well uh. This also leads us us us us us us us us us us to wonder whether we'll be seeing a kid Loki as you know okay you know know know know know know know know know know you know I mean uh uh okay like well as both a child child child child child child child child child child and Lady versions of loci or straight out of the okay you know know know know know know know know know know well um like like okay you know uh comics. In fact, he's changed his form form form form form form form form form form quite a few times after being you know like um I mean so you know know know know know know know know know know you know you know like brought back to them dead. And it it it it it it it it it it looks like we're getting at least two versions like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so okay so well well so will be fun to see see see see see see see see see see what else we might see in the upcoming uh well okay like um you know know know know know know know know know know um I mean so Loki. Are you excited about the upcoming series? Let us know know know know know know know know know know what you'd uh I mean so so so like um well so like to see in in in in in in in in in in the comments and be sure to hit that like button and well okay okay like like like like like like like like like like um okay like I mean okay subscribe for your daily dose of Marvel for more more more more more more more more more more in-depth conversations head over to Marvel movie okay uh well I mean uh so so so so so so so so so so I mean so like news. Thursday's 1 p.m. Right here on the popcorn talk and and and and and and and and and and if you'd like to you know uh like like I mean okay so well well well well well well well well well well so keep up with my ever-growing Marvel Obsession, you can follow me on Twitter and Instagram @ Z.