Hey, what's up, guys? The Pusher here. And if you haven't heard about the anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor I mean you know like well okay um uh so like app, let let let let let let let let let let me explain a few things because it's the easiest way to make um you you you you you you you you you you know you know I mean so well I mean like like a podcast. That's exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly what we do here at running wild podcast. We use anchor uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know well um okay for many reasons. The first reason is is is is is is is is is is is that it's free. That's correct. You don't you don't you don't you don't you don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't have to like well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like so like I mean pay a single dime to make your own own own own own own own own own own podcast. Also, there's creation tools that okay um so I mean so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean allow you to to record and edit your podcast right right right right right right right right right right from your phone your computer or even so so okay you know um um um um um um um um um um I mean you know I mean uh your iPad anchor will distribute your podcast for for for for for for for for for for you. So you don't have to worry like um you know you know so so so so so so so so so so uh well like okay about it. It can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and many more platforms. You I mean uh um well you know well okay um um um um um um um um um um okay can also make money from your podcast and everybody loves making more money. So So So So So So So So So So so um I mean um well well like um. So go download the free anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get started. That's a and CH o r dot FBI.