What's up, y'all? Just wanted to take a minute and say if you've ever uh I I I I I I I I I I mean um so so um I mean well I mean considered starting a podcast now now now now now now now now now now is definitely the time anchor is definitely the place I uh uh so you you you you you you you you you you know uh so like I mean I mean can't tell you how easy it was was was was was was was was was was for me to start my podcast and get well um so uh okay you know well well well well well well well well well well um like it up and running. Thanks to thanks to thanks to thanks to to to to to to to to to to thanks to thanks to thanks to thanks to thanks to thanks to to to to to to to to to to Anchor with a couple clicks of the button. I mean well okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like like like I mean. I had my podcast out ready to go on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcast and many other uh okay um like so uh okay well okay platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms again. It was so easy. I can do it from my phone from from from from from from from from from from my well you know okay I mean you know okay well like so computer. Computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer. It doesn't really matter. Whatever. Why I why I why I why I why I why why why why why why why why why why I why I why I why I why I want to do I can do do do do do do do do do do um so okay uh you know like uh okay you know it. It's free absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely free and they help you with sponsorships. They helped me so you know like like like like like like like like like like so I mean okay I mean um like with so much. They literally do do do do do do do do do do it. All I can't think of a better place I mean like well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know you know uh so to start a podcast for a beginner for a a a a a a a a a a pro. It doesn't matter again. So download well I mean you know uh uh um um um um um um um um um um uh I mean okay the free app today or go to Anchor dot. F F F F F F F F F F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get uh like like like like like like like like like like well I mean okay uh you know so I mean started again download the the the the the the the the the the app today. It's free, or you can go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. So let's jump back into the podcast.