This is going to freak me out. He's like, oh thank God. You're not not not not not not not not not not well okay you know you know you know like so like so a horse girl. Girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl. Like I like I like I like I like I like I like like like like like like like like like like I like I like I like I can't think of anything. Who does that? I'm gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna go I mean like so well you know I mean okay um I I I I I I I I I I mean finger the icing over another company. Hello and welcome to another another another another another another another another another another episode of um uh you know you know so you know uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay officially unofficial. Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and and and and and and and and and and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome back. My name is Nat and and and and and and and and and and my name is Bianca I mean uh like well you know I mean I mean well well well well well well well well well well so and this week. We are talking about the laws of attraction. Are they they they they they they they they they they are they are they are they are they are they are they are they are are are are are are are are are are they are they hot well um you know uh well uh uh well I I I I I I I I I I mean or are you just desperate? How was how was how was how how how how how how how how how how was how was how was how was how was how was how was was was was was was was was was was your day? My day was very boring. How was like okay I mean you know know know know know know know know know know um like I mean uh I mean yours? I was I was I was I I I I I I I I I I was I was I was I was I was I was I was also very very very very very very very very very very boring but for very I assume very different reasons. So I well you know know know know know know know know know know okay uh I mean okay okay you know so was summoned to jury jury jury jury jury jury jury jury jury jury duty today. Not sure how much I can talk about so uh like I I I I I I I I I I mean uh so you know you know um but I will say that it was the absolute absolute absolute absolute absolute absolute absolute absolute absolute absolute ban. My existence my existence my existence my existence my existence my existence my existence my existence my existence my existence like you're stuck in a sterile room with like.