Wealth from wealth from wealth from wealth from wealth from wealth from wealth from wealth wealth wealth wealth wealth wealth wealth wealth wealth wealth from wealth from wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over over over over over over over over over over time Proverbs 13 I mean uh well um so I mean like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh 11. I read a story recently about a 24 year old who went well like like like like like like like like like like so I mean like I mean so um well to visit a financial planner the the the the the the the the the the financial planner asked to see her spending habits okay okay um okay so so so so so so so so so so like um I mean uh the author of the article shared shared shared shared shared shared shared shared shared shared that through to over the phone sessions in you know like so so um um um um um um um um um um okay so well well a couple of weeks of financial reflection. She found that she she she she she she she she she she didn't have to well well like well I mean uh like you know know know know know know know know know know uh give up things. She really loved to save money that realization helped her so so so so so so so so so so I mean okay okay you know okay I mean like uh get past Financial anxiety and and and and and and and and and and helped her to make productive spending cuts during I mean well uh I I I I I I I I I I mean like like like uh like the sessions. Which each lasted about an hour they they they they they they they they they they discussed her background shared screens to um well so well um uh well um um um um um um um um um um you know look at a monthly credit card statement and addressed goals for the the the the the the the the the the week. Uh so so you know uh I mean you know I mean you you you you you you you you you you know. The financial accountability was intended to help her prepare and save for the future. So So So So So So So So So So uh um well you know um okay um so. It's encouraging to know know know know know know know know know know that the Bible is full of wise advice on how like okay well you know well well well well well well well well well well well you know you know uh to handle and how to view Money In In In In In In In In In In fact money is mentioned hundreds I mean uh like like well um you know know know know know know know know know know you know you know of times in the Bible including the verse from Proverbs we we we we we we we we we we heard today. Let's hear it again I mean I mean I mean uh uh I I I I I I I I I I mean you know um so wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time. It's also important to remember.