Dana did you talk to your parents about sex growing up? Hmm? At I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay well um you know um you know um so all my mother. Yeah, but yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but but but but but but but but but but yeah, but yeah, but not by choice. Mmm, like my mom used to well like so so so so so so so so so so like so I mean okay you know um come into my bathroom while I was was was was was was was was was was showering and sit on my toilet and try to okay okay uh um I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean okay you know you know like Gap with me. Yeah, so like that that that that that that that that that that just kind of paints a picture so well um um you know uh well well well well well well well well well well uh so of like boundaries. So my mom definitely tried to talk to me me me me me me me me me me like okay so you know uh uh well okay you know about sex like like like like like like like like like like at all costs, right and instead I would be like, maybe I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean you know well uh so um you know pick a setting where where where where where where where where where where like, I'm not true. Dentist all absent naked how about okay like okay so so so so so so so so so so so so so you know uh setting? Oh and there's like a mirror right across from from from from from from from from from from my back to our it you know so like okay okay um I mean you you you you you you you you you you know so was like a glass shower. So it's like how can can can can can can can can can can vulnerability be brought into um um so I mean okay well okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay this room more right? No. Yeah. She got like what a good time. Oh, look. I I I I I I I I I I mean so so um um I mean I mean I mean um. I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've caught you you're free. Ha ha ha. Why don't why don't why don't why don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't why don't why don't why don't why don't why don't why don't we just do need to talk?.