Hello and welcome to Fitness unfiltered episode 64. So this is our first in in in in in in in in in in you know uh well like I mean uh um I mean um a a a a a a a a a a couple of weeks due to some scary scheduling issues. For those of you you you you you you you you you you well um so you know okay uh well um you know that did notice they they they they they they they they they they be a large percentage of you that didn't notice uh okay um okay so so so so so so so so so so you know uh you know like but we did promise that it would be worth the the the the the the the the the the wait. So before we get um uh uh um so uh you know well well well well well well well well well well well into it is only right to acknowledge that I'm also joined by Emma and well um so so so so so so so so so so um um uh uh okay you know Mike as always so M. How are you you you you you you you you you you I'm fine. Excellent and Mike, how you know like um well um uh well well well well well well well well well well well uh are you? I am also fine. Okay, so statements of I'm fine pretty much make make make make make make make make make make sure like um okay like I mean well I mean um so the world goes around around around around around around around around around around I think so. We are actually joined by another uh so I mean you you you you you you you you you you know um I mean well uh uh and we are honored and excited to be be be be be be be be be be joined by Doctor David. Robert Grimes who okay you know um um um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay I mean is a physicist cancer researcher award-winning science writer and and and and and and and and and and author of a best-seller, which well like um I mean okay I mean okay so so so so so so so so so so so I'm not just saying this because he's they're here. I did did did did did did did did did did actually say you know I mean okay okay uh so uh you know know know know know know know know know know so it to Mike off air as well. It is one of my favorite reads uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay well you know so like uh well of 2019. And the irrational type which we all are irrational apes are times I think so.