Before we get started today. I just I just I just I just I I I I I I I I I I just I just I just I just I just I just wanted to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk to you guys quickly about like um uh um so like okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and and and and and and and and and and so like uh uh um you know so well okay podcast and one one one one one one one one one one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium so like well like like like like like like like like like like uh okay I mean okay like account and that is great because let's face it. We We We We We We We We We We are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we we we we we we we we we we are we are all trying to okay um well like I mean you you you you you you you you you you know I mean like you know save a little bit these days. So with so so so so so so so so so so with so with so with so with so with so with so with so so so so so so so so so so with so with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So like okay uh you you you you you you you you you you know well so uh you know well you never miss an episode you can can can can can can can can can can share whatever you're listening to with your friends like well like um okay um um um um um um um um um um I mean I mean well on Instagram and premium users can even download episodes to to to to to to to to to to listen to offline um so uh uh so um okay okay like wherever and whenever you you you you you you you you you you are if you're like me, you probably have too so okay I mean uh you you you you you you you you you you know like so well you know many. The apps downloaded already but this one is is is is is is is is is is actually useful. So if you haven't I mean uh I mean like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so um well done so already download the Spotify app search for your favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite podcast on Spotify well okay um okay you know um um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know or browse podcasts in the you are Library tab. Also, make make make make make make make make make make sure to follow um well like uh um well I mean like I mean us on on on on on on on on on on there. So you never miss an episode of optimal living advice. That being said, said, said, said, said, said, said, said, said, said, so like uh uh um uh you know like well let's get into today's episode. Episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. Hello, everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody Welcome to episode 45 of optimal living advice I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well like you know like you know so you know like the podcast where we we we we we we we we we we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.