What's up, everyone? Welcome back. This is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is this is a bit of a different different different different different different different different different different episode today. You know I mean well um so well uh I mean so. This This This This This This This This This This is actually an interview that I did with cave on Divani on his total okay um um um um um um um um um um um so like well well well I mean Bitcoin show. So I so I so so so so so so so so so so I so I so I so I so I so I so I so so so so so so so so so so I was a guest on his show and cave-ins super nice guy guy guy guy guy guy guy guy guy guy uh I mean so well so um well like um been putting putting putting putting putting putting putting putting putting putting out a lot of great content around Bitcoin a lot of great people okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay well well uh um I mean like on a show really really really really really really really really really really interesting format and had a great conversation with them. So I I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um okay well so um um so thought I'd share with you guys here here here here here here here here here here as well just to note the first half okay you know um well well well well well well well well well well um okay okay well so there was I think we had some bandwidth issues. So So So So So So So So So So the the audio was spotty like well so like so well I mean um um um um um um um um um um um in places, but hopefully it's not too disruptive. If you want to follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow cave on well you know so um I mean so like uh you know his podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast is called the total Bitcoin podcast and his Twitter handle is at ke okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean uh uh well you know uh uh y VA en DAV a and I and that's it. Enjoy the show. Let's do it. Hey, John,.