Welcome to on the spot the podcast where no question is off the the the the the the the the the the uh so you know okay you know so okay uh you know table each each each each each each each each each each week. We invite we invite we invite we invite we invite we invite we invite invite invite invite invite invite invite invite invite invite we invite we invite we invite a guest to sit down with mayor mayor mayor mayor mayor mayor mayor mayor mayor mayor Marvin you know uh okay like you know okay well okay I mean Reese Reese Reese Reese Reese Reese Reese Reese Reese Reese posing the questions that really matter to Brazilians and the City of Bristol from well well well well well well well well well well I mean um um uh you know so you know so transport to safety safety safety safety safety safety safety safety safety safety and housing to the harbor. It's time it's time it's time it's time it's time time time time time time time time time time it's time it's time it's time it's time it's time to put the mare in in in in in in in in in in so um uh like um uh uh you know well the hot seat. My name name name name name name name name name name is Jasmine Jenkins and I'm studying broadcast journalism at the uh uh like so so um um um um um um um um um um I mean I mean so University of the west of England. My name my name name name name name name name name name name my name my name my name my name my name my name my name name name name name name name name name name my name is Simon white. I'm studying media and so okay well like um I I I I I I I I I I mean well you know so journalism at you as well. And I'm in in in in in in in in in in the second year. What is the impact um I mean so I mean okay you you you you you you you you you you know I mean you know so of the withdrawal from the EU on the student student student student student student student student student student population? Well, I understand from what I mean so uh okay well well um I I I I I I I I I I mean um I understand from for universities directly. The numbers the numbers the numbers the numbers numbers numbers numbers numbers numbers numbers numbers numbers numbers the numbers the numbers the numbers the numbers the numbers the numbers of students applying applying applying applying applying applying applying applying applying applying for overseas hasn't necessarily been uh uh I mean um um um um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean adversely impacted. I think they've been very proactive. I'm reaching out and from the very firm the very beginning. I've worked with University leaders to send messages as.