Our dear listener. If you're listening to our podcast on able podcasts. Could you you you you you you you you you you you know uh um you know so uh okay you know okay please take a a a a a a a a a a minute and give us a five star rating? This would this would this would this this this this this this this this this this would this would this would this would this would this would this would really help you you you you you you you you you you know I mean okay um um um uh okay you know us to move forward. Forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward. Hello everybody. I'm Maria and my name is Rory and well so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay uh I mean so we are the hosts of the aisle speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking for Success podcast and next week on March I mean I mean like like like like like like like like like like like you know I mean well well uh the 13th. We will be the host host host host host host host host host host of the aisle speaking for Success webinar from so um uh I mean okay like you you you you you you you you you you know okay like four o'clock. Until five o'clock Moscow time. Yes, this is is is is is is is is is is the unique time when I mean okay um so so well like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you can see Rory and myself our pretty faces and Rory will be doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing a so uh I mean like so uh okay like like full ayats speaking test. Test test test test test test test test test. He'll crack he'll crack he'll crack he'll crack he'll crack he'll crack he'll crack he'll he'll he'll he'll he'll he'll he'll he'll he'll he'll crack he'll crack he'll crack jokes on his feet. So no preparation whatsoever. So So So So So So So So So So I mean I mean um you know I mean well okay like. It'll be be be be be be be be be be fun. So please so please so please so please so please so please so please please please please please please please please please please so please so please so please do join in we do need everyone to okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like you know uh um well you know like okay join in. Okay. Absolutely. We We We We We We We We We We really insisted everybody. Is there click on the link in the description and join in for today's topic very I.