Hey Tim here from the Sun solar panel podcast. If you haven't heard about okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know like well like uh I mean um anchor get it is the the the the the the the the the the easiest way to make a podcast. I want to explain. Okay so okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay so okay so okay so okay so okay so okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know um okay okay well uh you know. It's actually where we we we we we we we we we we host our podcast at for one. It's free. There's a there's a there's a a a a a a a a a a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a a a a a a a a a a okay okay um you know uh um like so you know creation tool that that that that that that that that that that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your like okay so you you you you you you you you you you know okay you know like um okay phone or your computer if that's how you you you you you you you you you you want to do it. That's like well like I mean okay well um you know know know know know know know know know know I mean not how we do it. But I suppose you could anchor will will will will will will will will will will distribute your podcast for okay you know okay um okay uh uh um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you. So it can be heard everywhere. That's Spotify. That's Apple podcast Stitcher okay you know know know know know know know know know know you know well like um okay uh uh many many more and you can make make make make make make make make make make money. From your from your from your from your from your from your from from from from from from from from from from your from your from your from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's um like like like like like like like like like like like you know well well I mean like so everything you need to make a podcast and and and and and and and and and and one place. So go ahead and well okay okay I mean well so well um you know download download download download download download download download download download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. So So So So So So So So So So um uh like I mean okay I mean so so. And now for for for for for for for for for for the sun solar panel podcast. Hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's a spool back to to to to to to to to to to so um you know um you know uh um well like tell you about about about about about about about about about about our friends at Spotify. That's right, that's right, that's right, that's right, that's right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, that's right, that's right, that's right, that's right, that's right, you know Spotify for music, okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um I mean you know like like like but now guess what you you you you you you you you you you can find all your favorite podcast there as well. You know, I love listening to my music. I love listen to my.