Hello Madge fans and welcome to Mage the podcast the podcast that works uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay uh um uh okay I mean okay hard towards Ascension. So you you you you you you you you you you don't have to I'm your host Adam Simpson and I uh you know so you you you you you you you you you you know uh I mean well you know uh am joined by terrie Robinson. And today today today today today today today today today today we are going to talk about the well uh okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know I mean okay dream speakers in another episode of tomes of magic. Magic magic magic magic magic magic magic magic magic. But before we do, I thought it might like um okay like uh uh like well well well well well well well well well well like be nice to cover some announcements and also Terry how you doing. I am am am am am am am am am am I am I am I am I am I am I am I am am am am am am am am am am I am I am like I mean I mean you know well like so I I I I I I I I I I mean okay doing fine. I was on the Midnight Express podcast to talk about about about about about about about about about about the woo Kang okay um you know I mean I mean uh well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so now we talked for almost two and a A half hours just about the the the the the the the the the the I mean you know I mean I mean like uh like well so Wu-Tang Wu-Tang Wu-Tang Wu-Tang Wu-Tang Wu-Tang Wu-Tang Wu-Tang Wu-Tang Wu-Tang because B ches discussion of the Hem Caso back where they take it where um um um um um um um um um um okay uh so uh like I mean um uh he takes 18 pages of of of of of of of of of of material and talks about that for two hours wasn't um like you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so um so quite enough but the key mistake I made was I I I I I I I I I I forgot that Australian summer time okay um so okay I mean like like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well and North American summer time do not occur at the same time. So So So So So So So So So So I'm you know well like okay so um um uh um like, let's figure out a a a a a a a a a a time to record what will be good and I'm you know uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so well you know um okay like 9:00 p.m. Your time sounds good and I I I I I I I I I I work backwards and like I can okay well okay well I mean uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so wake up at that point you're in this portion is bloody. But and then only later did I find out that.