All right, guys, I'm gonna put you onto something right now. If you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard um you know well okay um you know um uh like about anchor what what what what what what what what what what are you doing man? Get your life together, but if you haven't like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know like well um you know so like heard about anchor it's the the the the the the the the the the easiest way to make a podcast and I will elaborate you know um uh so well well well well well well well well well well um um you know like first of all, it's free can't beat that too. Too too too too too too too too too. There's creation tools that allow okay uh you know I mean well like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer bro. Well I mean I mean uh so okay well like okay. My computer's computer's computer's computer's computer's computer's computer's computer's computer's computer's broke. I already talked about that therefore, I'm doing it from my okay like well well well well well well well well well well you know you know well well you know um phone. In addition to that that that that that that that that that that it doesn't end here guys. Anchor will distribute like uh you know okay well okay you you you you you you you you you you know like well your podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcasts and many okay so okay okay okay well like I mean you know more more more more more more more more more more row many more dude. You'll be getting your clout and your coin you can uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know you know you know like I mean uh so make money money money money money money money money money money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, which is awesome for okay like you you you you you you you you you you know well I mean okay like I mean um me because I probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably had your listeners right now and it's everything you need to uh like like like like like like like like like like okay okay you know well okay like uh make in a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get.