Hey everyone, welcome to the urban robot cat podcast. I'm your host Travis okay uh um um um um um um um um um um uh like I mean so I mean so Likens. I'm Chris rwk. I'm Corey Corey Corey Corey Corey Corey Corey Corey Corey Corey from strange cat toys. We're here for well okay well um okay I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean well episode 16. But first we want to say thank you to to to to to to to to to to our sponsors first well I mean like so I mean okay well so well up up up up up up up up up up sticker fide. They made a wonderful Circle for us and they want to to to to to to to to to to so I mean I mean like okay um um so um do the the the the the the the the the the same for you. So if so if so if so if so if so so so so so so so so so so if so if so if so if so if you want to check them them them them them them them them them them out, make sure uh uh well well you know so well well you know know know know know know know know know know to head over to sticker fide.com. Also, no love City the love City where where where where where where where where where where so um um like okay I mean um uh like you get the the the the the the the the the the urban robot cat t-shirt. And if you use the code Urban robot I I I I I I I I I I mean uh okay um well um so so like cat at checkout, you'll receive receive receive receive receive receive receive receive receive receive 10% off your order. That is that is that is that is that is that that that that that that that that that that is that is that is that is that is no love I mean you know know know know know know know know know know you know okay uh uh so uh well city.com. And then also SD prints prints prints prints prints prints prints prints prints prints there are screen printing company that can make you some you know know know know know know know know know know so uh um uh so like like so wonderful products for your booth tables tables tables tables tables tables tables tables tables tables website, whatever you got they can uh uh uh well so okay well so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh make a product for you. You can check them out at SD screen printing okay like well well well well well well well well well well well well uh I mean like uh dotnet. So episode 16. What do you been up to Chris? And I think we should hit it with a.