In a world where OG milk gets new work and I am I really really really really really really really really really really following well I mean I mean well so you know like uh so that that that that that that that that that that way gonna start all the scripts. Geez. I didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't get a script shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, you know where like uh you know so I mean uh uh well like like like like like like like like like like else far far away where it takes us months to create new merch but it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's you know so you know okay like so so like you know finally arrived finally. Finally finally finally finally finally finally finally finally finally. It's here Teespring.com and it's popping / stores / bogomil I mean like you know know know know know know know know know know you know um like I mean so uh new March go get yours now. That's it. It it it it it it it it it. You guys are super cheap ring.com doors /og so so like um so so so so so so so so so so okay um like so Mill agah, Mi L. We finally got our shit together. Together together together together together together together together together. We got that shit together so like um uh so so uh like okay with with with with with with with with with with the help of Jackie for Designing it. Thank you. So fucking much. I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean well so you know uh uh. We love you. We We We We We We We We We We love you Jackie. Love you. There's so many different types of okay well uh um um um um um um um um um um okay I mean uh uh okay designs. There is an optimal 2.0 simple ahamill ahamill ahamill ahamill ahamill ahamill ahamill ahamill ahamill ahamill logo. Love it. Love it um like uh you know well um well well um there there there there there there there there there there sticker hoodie t-shirt. Is it live? Can we get ours now? You can get get get get get get get get get get yours go. Okay, and okay, and okay, and okay, and okay, and okay, and okay, and okay, and okay, and okay, and then there's also.