Also known as in the house. Are those are those are those are those those those those those those those those those those are those are those are those are those are those are those guys just follow up. Up up up up up up up up up. They said um um uh you know you know like so okay like that that that that that that that that that that when Lee was running very fast and Tonto quite nervous that people are going going going going going going going going going going you know so uh well um um uh you know like to start running running running running running running running running running running after him. But anyway, yeah to that video every one of us. Uh you you you you you you you you you you know well uh you know like okay I mean uh. I don't know. I think it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's in the souls of our DNA. We believe we believe we believe we believe we believe believe believe believe believe believe believe believe believe believe we believe we believe we believe we believe we believe I mean I mean uh like like like like like like like like like like like okay you know okay so that there is this life we can live that that that that that that that that that that that's just a little you know uh well so you know you know well so so so so so so so so so so okay bit further than where we are that if we get enough power we can okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know like uh you know um uh uh we can live this life that that that that that that that that that that is extraordinary. And and and so Way we think about like I mean well well well well well well well well well well well like I mean you know so well this as we kind of got if I I I I I I I I I I can give all of myself well well so you know so like so like so and and and and and and and and and and be disciplined enough in that career or that's Portal that hobby all uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so uh okay okay well okay that way of life. Then maybe I can can can can can can can can can can get there and be extraordinary. It's I mean okay um so uh uh like like like like like like like like like like I mean uh kind of its wild into us it was widened to you. I think my God and I was I was thinking about.