Hi everyone, this is Karen. And I'm yes V and we are bad and Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood I mean so I mean well you know you know I mean uh you know and and and and and and and and and and I'm deep red neurons and well, where did he come from? It's a crossover episode. Episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. Uh I uh I uh I uh I uh I uh I uh I I I I I I I I I I uh I uh I uh I mean okay um um um okay okay um. Um um um um um um um um um. Yeah, it's a crossover episode for a very important reason. Yeah, we've all gathered here here here here here here here here here here so okay I mean well um so uh uh I mean today to have an an an an an an an an an an orgy. That's basically your mother listen to our podcast okay um so you know know know know know know know know know know um so um uh like to no no. Oh, yeah. Okay, that's good. Good good good good good good good good good. That's good. That's good. So we're you know like you know okay you know know know know know know know know know know uh you know you know so here to talk about atrás the movie but but but but but but but but but but before we get into Addresses well okay I mean um well well uh I I I I I I I I I I mean you know when I get this out of the way a quick plug or big plug we we we we we we we we we we are now so I mean you know you know like um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay on the YouTubes. We're on the YouTubes and we want you to like like like like like like like like like like well uh um okay you know like I mean I mean um share subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe follow retweet. Yeah. So we so we put up the Kahuna so so like I I I I I I I I I I mean so uh you know okay I mean per episode, which is one of my personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal favorites and we would like to uh okay uh so I mean okay like like like like like like like like like like okay so hear from you guys. What do you want us to put up next? I just shit on us in the comment section. That's.