Hey, what's up, guys? It's Jonathan white. And in this episode. I'm going to be be be be be be be be be be uh uh uh so uh so well uh you know talking about male multiple orgasms orgasms orgasms orgasms orgasms orgasms orgasms orgasms orgasms orgasms and so stick around to hear more about okay so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean well you know um um this juicy stuff. Do you want want want want want want want want want want to live a high Vibe live with radiant okay so I mean okay okay well well well well well well well well well well uh like you know energy levels juicy sexual vitality and have great success manifesting abundance abundance abundance abundance abundance abundance abundance abundance abundance abundance in your well okay well okay okay uh like well okay life. Welcome to the the the the the the the the the the sexual Kung-Fu podcast where we dive into sexual Mastery and how to like I mean so so so so so so so so so so I mean well I mean well like uh use Sexual Energy to magnetize your ideal life. Life life life life life life life life life. So there's a bit of a uh uh okay so I mean I mean you know know know know know know know know know know well you know myth in our world that the ejaculatory orgasm is the extent extent extent extent extent extent extent extent extent extent of a man's okay okay well like I mean so you know so you you you you you you you you you you know sexual capacity. That's that's the greatest sexual experience man can have is okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well um uh um okay I mean okay well this ejaculatory orgasm which leaves him him him him him him him him him him limp unmotivated and tired afterwards. You know, okay like well um I mean okay um um um um um um um um um um um well we have The Stereotype of the man who finishes having sex this this this this this this this this this this partner he you know uh well I mean you know um I mean so so ejaculates ejaculates ejaculates ejaculates ejaculates ejaculates ejaculates ejaculates ejaculates ejaculates and then he rolls over and Falls to sleep. He can't continue having sex, you know, because he spent his energy.