Hello and welcome to handle eyes this. I am one of to Hannah's um um um um um um um um um um you know um um you know uh like you know you know Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah Hart. And today I am joined by extremely special guest Kevin McHale and Jenna Jenna Jenna Jenna Jenna Jenna Jenna Jenna Jenna Jenna I mean I mean so so um well uh like um ushkowitz you you you you you you you you you you might remember them from a little show called Glee or from their um well so so so so so so so so so so so okay okay I mean okay you know current phenomenal hit podcast showmance. We are are are are are are are are are are going to be talking about being in our I mean okay like like well well well well well well well well well well well I mean well well 30s or newly 30 learning how to say no and hell, hell, hell, hell, hell, hell, hell, hell, hell, hell, maybe we'll talk about cupping like okay um okay so like you know so so so so so so so so so so like enjoy you guys. I don't know. Oh why I feel like nervous today, today, today, today, today, today, today, today, today, today, but like well um like uh so so um well I feel nervous today, which I I I I I I I I I I really yeah II don't know why I really don't know I mean um um um um um um um um um um um uh well um okay well I mean why listeners and earbuds what you weren't privy privy privy privy privy privy privy privy privy privy to prior to this um you know well well um I mean I mean you you you you you you you you you you know well was my frenetic trying to get ready Jenna and Kevin have been here here here here here here here here here here for 30 minutes. So okay well well um uh I mean I mean I mean. Mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean. I said to all of this morning. I was like, oh I've just got you you you you you you you you you you know uh so you know okay okay so I mean okay to make make make make make make make make make make sure the podcast is set. There's nothing I hate more uh okay you know like you you you you you you you you you you know okay like uh uh than when you show up to somebody's thing and and and and and and and and and and they're not ready for you. Yes, okay, but in theory the no you're right. It's there.