What's up, guys? My name is Charles. I'm one I'm one I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm one I'm one I'm one I'm one I'm one I'm one I'm one I'm one of of of of of of of of of of the interns here at College Christian like you know uh um uh well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like church for the college age. And today we are talking about emotions or loneliness loneliness loneliness loneliness loneliness loneliness loneliness loneliness loneliness loneliness in so I mean like uh you know like um um like our emotions emotions emotions emotions emotions emotions emotions emotions emotions emotions podcast, and I'm joined by Taylor Powell Taylor. How you doing? Girl? um so so so so so so so so so so uh uh like well okay well like I'm doing so good. Good. We're so happy to to to to to to to to to to have you here. Taylor is um I mean so like I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh so you know going to walk us through her journey with loneliness. Enos as as as as as as as as as as our theme for today's podcast okay well like okay I mean like well um um um um um um um um um um you know with Taylor, where do you think that journey of loneliness started started started started started started started started started started with you? It um uh I mean you know so you know I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean like started in high school. I could see it sprouting, but I had a good uh you you you you you you you you you you know like you know like well I mean I mean well Community there, but it it it it it it it it it it really started to take effect my first year in college definitely hundred percent um um um um um um um um um um okay uh um like okay so like I mean and what ways do you think think think think think think think think think think like a kind of came about in college? I mean um okay well well well well well well well well well well you know you know well like like Well, I came to Missouri Southern I go to Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri Southern but I came like like well I mean um okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean there knowing maybe two people mostly the one was my brother, but I didn't really know a lot of.