Hey Rizzo here at George Mason University. We're talking we're talking we're talking we're talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking we're talking we're talking we're talking we're talking we're talking we're talking to Liam classy. Classy classy classy classy classy classy classy classy classy. He's a okay like so I mean so well so like so CO chair person person person person person person person person person person of the Irish primary physical education Association, and on this podcast, we've had uh okay um um um um um um um um um um okay uh like I mean like so some prior episodes about different countries. Curricula Curricula Curricula Curricula Curricula Curricula Curricula Curricula Curricula Curricula before most notably the Australian curriculum with Laura like you know well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean uh well you know Alfre. That's episode that's episode that's episode that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's episode that's episode that's episode that's episode that's episode that's episode that's episode 22 and that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's our most downloaded episode to date. We also okay so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know so um uh I mean talked to Obey about the Norwegian curriculum curriculum curriculum curriculum curriculum curriculum curriculum curriculum curriculum curriculum and episode 66 and Dan with the Ontario okay I mean okay um um um um um um um um um um so uh you know I mean uh Canada Canadian physical education curriculum and episode 75. 75 75 75 75 75 75 75 75 75. So the people who listen to our you know you know um you know know know know know know know know know know uh I mean okay I mean like podcast seem to be interested in curriculum from from from from from from from from from from different areas of the world. So we're going uh you know like uh like I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean um so to keep finding people who know them well to to to to to to to to to to explain them on the pad I mean like I mean okay like uh I I I I I I I I I I mean so okay podcast. So here we go with a new episode of playing with research and health and physical education. And so today we.