Hey everyone, welcome back to the latest episode of survive. HR. My name is is is is is is is is is is I mean I mean I mean okay you know um I mean so like Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Scheib. For those of you guys that are first-time listeners. I'm here I'm here here here here here here here here here here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm here joined by you know like okay uh so you know so okay so so so so so so so so so so my co-host Steve now we are so we had a plan for today and and and and and and and and and and as so I mean you know well so you know so you know know know know know know know know know know um is typical with my life, we change the plan because there's this little little little little little little little little little little known virus out there so you know you know okay you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know that's causing a lot of noise and we thought it was was was was was was was was was was incredibly relevant to well uh okay um I mean okay um okay like have have have have have have have have have have a podcast on that topic today if it weren't you just in, California. Yeah, well well well well well well well well well well okay okay okay um okay you know okay well I was and I'm isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't that where the clock is Coronavirus is I mean okay uh so so so so so so so so so so so like you know you know okay originated. I think that we need no well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, like have you been watching United States? well okay okay uh well you know know know know know know know know know know uh like you know I think you weren't tested when you came back. Nobody's looked looked looked looked looked looked looked looked looked looked at you they so um like uh I mean like okay like uh haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't even taken taking my temperature. All right. Well, I'm glad we've got the experts okay well so so so so so so so so so so like I mean you know so well so we have here today to talk to to to to to to to to to to us. So today we are joined by dr. Well so like um um um um um um um um um um okay so you know I mean um. Patel. Yes from proactive MZ huge supporter of proactive and D. So I'm excited that.