Skinwalker radio is brought to you by anchor if you've ever thought about starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting your I mean um well so I mean I mean okay you know so so so so so so so so so so own podcast, but you're not really sure how to get started. We'll anchor is is is is is is is is is is okay I mean uh you know well I mean you know well okay the the the the the the the the the the way to do it. That's actually what we use to host this podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. So um okay okay I mean uh um okay I mean okay if you you you you you you you you you you listen to Skinwalker radio that was made on anchor we just download well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well well I mean I mean uh uh um our audio upload it into anchor and and and and and and and and and and anchor does the rest you just hit so like so um um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know go and anchor publishes it to nine different places such as Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple iTunes so like so so uh well um uh uh Google Stitcher all those places places places places places places places places places places of people download podcasts and it's easy and best of All you know um um um um um um um um um um so so you know okay uh like like it's free. So go to to to to to to to to to to Anchor dot f m or download the mobile app uh um okay so so so so so so so so so so so like I mean uh okay on your phone today. Thanks for thanks for thanks for for for for for for for for for for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for for for for for for for for for for tuning back into Skinwalker radio. We appreciate well I mean I mean you know like like like like like like like like like like like um uh uh each and every one of you guys listening to the show. Show show show show show show show show show. We you know okay okay okay I mean so you know uh you know couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't do this without you. So be sure at the end of the show so so so so so so so so so so like you know you know I mean uh so I mean you know to leave leave leave leave leave leave leave leave leave leave a review join the Facebook group follow us on social well uh so uh so so so so so so so so so so I mean okay you know uh media. I'll have all the pertinent Links at the bottom. Bottom bottom bottom bottom bottom bottom bottom bottom bottom. So today's episode is I mean um like like uh um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay well all about the coronavirus. But before I get to the details of the coronavirus, I have.