I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV well I I I I I I I I I I mean you know so okay um okay um like talk now. It was was was was was was was was was was the buzz. Hi everyone. Welcome to the Riverdale after show. Um I mean okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so so like you know I mean. What a what a what a what a a a a a a a a a a what a what a what a what a what a what a crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy episode that is what are some good stuff to talk about tonight. Uh well like like like like like like like like like like uh like like I mean okay so. And so far first off off off off off off off off off off we're gonna go with like just this whole jugged 30 like um I mean you you you you you you you you you you know uh you know um okay like drama mystery. There's so much going on. On on on on on on on on on. It's Tony's are up to their normal you know so well you know know know know know know know know know know okay okay you know uh okay Shenanigans and then I'm gonna tie up some of of of of of of of of of of the other little things at the I mean like you know like I mean uh like like like like like like like like like like okay like end and then of course at the end. And we'll and we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll and we'll and we'll and we'll and we'll and we'll and we'll and we'll and and and and and and and and and and we'll be doing our class I mean well like you know so okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh clown class president. So if you guys have a class clown class present present present present present present present present present present for this uh um so you know well so I mean uh I mean episode, episode, episode, episode, episode, episode, episode, episode, episode, episode, please start sending them in in the live chat. I am Katie. I uh well well well well well well well well well well so well uh you know like like so am flying solo tonight everyone. So So So So So So So So So So please join me in the chat if you have so you know uh so I I I I I I I I I I mean well well I mean like some thoughts so that I can also cut you you you you you you you you you you as you guys as my so okay you know I mean uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean co-host because I will be relying on you greatly tonight. So So So So So So So So So So first off what a okay so like like okay so well okay well way way way way way way way way way way to start this episode in the sense that we didn't have Jughead narrating it and that really.