Welcome to level out with Cheryl and Danny way he to help you take take take take take take take take take take well you know I mean uh I mean okay uh I mean okay your health Fitness Fitness Fitness Fitness Fitness Fitness Fitness Fitness Fitness Fitness and wants it to the next level. It's time to you know okay well I I I I I I I I I I mean uh you know um um I mean level up. Hello and hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello and welcome to episode 14 of level up with so like uh um you know know know know know know know know know know like um uh okay Cheryl and Danny today's episode is called movement is medicine. Medicine medicine medicine medicine medicine medicine medicine medicine medicine. I just rolls off the tongue you know uh like like so well um you you you you you you you you you you know uh doesn't it? Does it I think it's what we've been saying for for for for for for for for for for the last few weeks. Um I mean uh like uh um you know so so so so so so so so so so I mean. I feel I feel I feel I feel I feel I feel I I I I I I I I I I feel I feel I feel I feel like we've been saying movement is medicine. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's cool to see like well um well I mean I mean okay like uh everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone sharing the arm the post that we put on the Instagram page as well. Well well well well well well well well well. So so okay I mean you know I mean you know uh okay. Absolutely. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's about yes branding that positive message and helping everyone feel good. And so okay um um um um um um um um um um you know uh uh like like you know we're here to really talk about something something something something something something something something something something that I'm super passionate about and I I mean like like uh um uh you you you you you you you you you you know like so know you are too. SLI everyday your training working hard and and and and and and and and and and all of that. So um I mean I mean like uh I mean uh uh. Uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh. I work as an osteopath. So this is really our bread and and and and and and and and and and butter, isn't well well you know so um like you know well uh it? Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, it's well, it's well, it's well, it's well, it's well, it's well, it's well, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's well, it's well, it's your bread and butter, but I'm here for the ride as as as as as as as as as as well. Uh well I mean you know well you know so okay like. Fantastic. You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're always welcome to come to the light. So today we've set it up as a Q&A style. We really.