Jeff made the most maybe the most interesting man in the world also do do do do do do do do do do well like like um okay so I mean um well I mean is a a a a a a a a a a complete babe. Cheers fam. Okay. Well, thank you. Thanks. Hey, we're live. How's everybody um um um um um um um um um um I mean like like you know um you know um so going after reviewing reviewing reviewing reviewing reviewing reviewing reviewing reviewing reviewing reviewing happening buddy? Give thanks continuing education strong. Awesome dogs. I mean well um okay uh well well well well well well well well well well like uh well. Just stop just stop just stop just stop just stop just just just just just just just just just just stop just stop just stop just stop just stop doing bad shit. It's incredible and and and and and and and and and and they need to start training your well you know you know I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know like well dog. Hey, guys, hey, guys, hey, guys, hey, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, hey, guys, hey, guys, hey, guys, hey, guys, hey, guys, hey, guys, how are you? you you you you you you you you you Chef Kelvin is Holly canine training in this you know uh you know I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean okay so well um is the what would you have to show when when when when when when when when when when you do a one-hour show okay okay so uh I mean like okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay today? It's because I'm still sick and trust me. I've been I've been I've been been been been been been been been been been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been been been been been been been been been been sleeping out onions, like okay okay okay okay well okay you know I mean and and and and and and and and and and I've Invest lean on my feet with socks and I've been things working and and and and and and and and and and so uh I mean so like you know you know I mean I mean nothing's nothing's nothing's nothing's nothing's nothing's nothing's nothing's nothing's nothing's working. So that's wrong tonight Scooby last Q8 grabbing a baby. Oh okay so like uh well well well well well well well well well well well um um um my God having a baby. I'm Gonna Miss You. Yep, so I'm happy for you and your graduations. It's gonna be great. It's.