Hello, everybody. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the top 10s podcast daily top 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 lists. I'm host Simon I mean okay uh I mean you know I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know Whistler. This is the audio version of our video show on YouTube. If you you you you you you you you you you you know okay okay okay I mean like okay like okay want to go look it it it it it it it it it it up there and see the video version of these you can you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh well you know well so do that. If you're if you're if you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're enjoying this show. Please do head over to Apple podcasts or well okay okay okay so so so so so so so so so so um you know well uh ever you get your podcasts and leave us a review. Review review review review review review review review review. It would it would it would it would it would it would it would would would would would would would would would would it would it would it would be kind of like I mean okay um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um um you know you and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're watching top 10s. Like uh uh well like well I mean like um. And And And And And And And And And And in the video today, we're looking at the top 10 horrifying facts about about about about about about about about about about um like well like um like so you know okay the American mafia. Mafia Mafia Mafia Mafia Mafia Mafia Mafia Mafia Mafia. Number 10 more than the mafia in America organized crime has become almost uh I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean like I mean um uh you know like synonymous with the the the the the the the the the the mafia. Thanks to a combination of Pop Culture a few standout okay okay I I I I I I I I I I mean um um so well well well celebrity criminals and ethnic stereotyping. Stereotyping stereotyping stereotyping stereotyping stereotyping stereotyping stereotyping stereotyping stereotyping. Although these although these although these although these although these although these although these these these these these these these these these these although these although these although these Sicilian derived Mafia May comprise the best known um so so so so so so so so so so so um um I mean uh well well organized crime groups in the the the the the the the the the the United States. They are far from the only game so well so uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean well in town during the glory years of Mafia activity a hybrid Italian Jewish Coalition known as Murder Inc operated a lucrative contract.