Hey, what hey, what hey, what hey, what hey, what hey, what hey, what hey, what what what what what what what what what what hey, what hey, what is up CI squads? We're back. We're back with another episode, 's I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm pretty I mean okay you know okay well I mean like um you know energized right right right right right right right right right right now. Just got off the back of doing some live training so I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean so like I mean um okay so to Bluestone College. I did did did did did did did did did did I did I did I did I did I did I did I did did did did did did did did did did I did I did four locations in one hit which is the power I I I I I I I I I I mean so um I mean um you know well okay um of the internet and and and and and and and and and and amazing technological breakthrough where you can be in four places at you know you you you you you you you you you you know okay uh I mean so you know well so one time. So very very exciting exciting exciting exciting exciting exciting exciting exciting exciting exciting stuff and that's kind of inspired. Is this little like you know okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um um so you know podcast that I'm putting together for you today? But before we we we we we we we we we we get into that, you know like okay so well okay I mean you know know know know know know know know know know uh I want to give a shout out so over the last okay well well well well well well well well well well I mean I mean uh I mean you know um so couple of weeks. I've been been been been been been been been been been running a little bit of a giveaway. So for I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh um okay I mean anyone that leaves a review on iTunes and and and and and and and and and and sends me over a screenshot. I uh um uh so uh so uh you you you you you you you you you you know I mean will enter them into a draw to win a little little little little little little little little little little little gift from me. So I so I so I so I so I so I I I I I I I I I I so I so I so I so I just uh okay like like so so so so so so so so so so so uh uh uh been scanning the reviews we've had some new reviews come through and I'm going to pick how.