Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys know like you know okay you know well you know uh okay um that that that that that that that that that that our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If you if you if you if if if if if if if if if if you if you if you if you if you if you if you haven't heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard about so uh you know you know you know okay uh you know um anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's you you you you you you you you you you know you know well okay um um like okay um creation tools that allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your uh you know you know know know know know know know know know know uh so okay you know you know uh phone or computer. I'm doing this this this this this this this this this this ad from my phone as we speak. Anchor Wilkins will um you know you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay okay well okay distribute. Sorry your podcast for you. So it it it it it it it it it it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts okay uh I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know um so and many more you can make money from your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with no minimum well like like well so okay you know well um minimum listenership. Listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. Evidently, I can't talk. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make make make make make make make make make make podcast well so um you know you know you know well so so in one one one one one one one one one one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F um you know know know know know know know know know know so so I mean okay like uh like m-- to get started now back to the the the the the the the the the the show. Wash up Walk-Ons episode number um okay like okay you know um um um um um um um um um um I mean so uh 95 coming at you. We're hitting you with a combine combine combine combine combine combine combine combine combine combine recap talking about how our boys uh you know you know uh I mean um um um um um um um um um um um um like the Hawks of this year did in Indianapolis what it means for their draft stock what the combine tests actually mean how much weight they actually.