Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I I I I I I I I I I want to so uh you know like like like I mean uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean thank you for your support and listening to each episode and I hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope you well you know um um I mean I mean like like um enjoy this this this this this this this this this this one. If you if you if you if you if you if you if if if if if if if if if if you if you if you if you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to to to to to to to to to to make um well okay I mean you know okay uh you know so podcast. It's totally totally totally totally totally totally totally totally totally totally free that's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean you know like well like podcast right from your phone or or or or or or or or or or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. Well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean so uh okay. So you can be heard on Spotify up up up up up up up up up up a podcast Google podcast and many more you you know you know okay uh like you you you you you you you you you you know okay okay um can also make money from your podcast. It's everything you need need need need need need need need need need to make a okay I mean okay um um like like okay like successful podcast download download download download download download download download download download the free. God will go to Anchor FM to get started. Hey, what's well like like like like like like like like like like okay like okay I mean um uh so up guys today? We have what is perhaps perhaps perhaps perhaps perhaps perhaps perhaps perhaps perhaps perhaps the oldest question in the book uh so uh I mean uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay one that mankind has been asking itself since since since since since since since since since since the beginning of recorded history and okay you know so you know you know well so so so so so so so so so so like um one that I think every single human being comes face-to-face with individually at some time in their life, and that is why do bad things happen. To good people.