Has anybody ever surprise you with something really big? I don't I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't I don't really get surprised. Well okay uh so well so so well well well well well well well well well well I mean. I guess there was a time. I think it was my 18th 18th 18th 18th 18th 18th 18th 18th 18th 18th birthday that that I mean uh like like you know so so uh so I had had had had had had had had had had a surprise birthday party, but I kind of got stiffed it uh well you you you you you you you you you you know so so I mean you know okay like out a little bit the day up. Up up up up up up up up up. But for but for but for but for but for but for but but but but but but but but but but for but for but for but for the most part very few uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like uh so I mean um like I mean things surprise me. Me me me me me me me me me. It is it is it is it is it is it is it is is is is is is is is is is it is it is it is difficult to imagine the way that the disciples disciples disciples disciples disciples disciples disciples disciples disciples disciples must. Um uh I mean well like like like uh um. Have felt have have have have have have have have have have felt have felt have felt have felt have felt have felt have felt have have have have have have have have have have felt have felt here towards the end of chapter 20 and the Book of of of of of of of of of of like you know well like I mean so so so well John starting in in in in in in in in in in verse 19 following it says this and the evening of that first like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay you know so like like like day of the week when the disciples disciples disciples disciples disciples disciples disciples disciples disciples disciples were together with the doors locked for well I mean like so so so so so so so so so so you know so like well okay fear of the Jews. Jesus came and stood among among among among among among among among among among them and said peace be with I mean um you know well um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay like you after he said this he showed them his hands and side the disciples were Overjoyed when they saw.