I might still be using Photoshop to this day. If it wasn't for the okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like so like well so like like I mean fact that someone created pics insight insight insight insight insight insight insight insight insight insight and I happen to work hard to learn uh well okay you know I I I I I I I I I I mean okay well uh you know it and actually really fell in love with it. It it it it it it it it it. A lot of them are um okay well like well like like so well just just just just just just just just just just really fantastic. If you if you if you if you if you if you you you you you you you you you you if you if you if you if you think about how far things have come come come come come come come come come come for us to I mean I mean um um well okay okay um um be be be be be be be be be be doing this in our backyards basically and taking images that were once in the the the the the the the the the the I mean like like okay I mean okay uh like okay realm of of of of of of of of of of of professional observatories is just mind-boggling I think. Please welcome everybody Sean Nielsen like um um um um um um um um um um um you know so so so you know um to our podcast. He is an astro astro astro astro astro astro astro astro astro astro photographer from Ontario Canada and he runs a website okay well so well well well well well well well well well well so you know I mean okay well visible dark dot CA and he also also also also also also also also also also has a YouTube channel visible dark astro. Okay I mean okay so like um um um um um um um um um um like so um. He is he is he is he is he is is is is is is is is is is he is he is he is he is he is a big user of picks in in in in in in in in in in sight. So let's get started. Hello you hello you hello you hello you you you you you you you you you you hello you hello you hello you hello you hello you hello you know so you you you you you you you you you you know well I mean you know um you know like everyone and welcome to space space space space space space space space space space junk a weekly podcast dedicated to the amazing hobby uh I mean well like well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh you know of amateur astronomy each week. We'll bring we'll bring bring bring bring bring bring bring bring bring bring we'll bring we'll bring we'll bring we'll bring we'll bring we'll bring we'll bring we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll bring you interesting and fun discussions with an eye towards providing. You with the latest information and advice.