Hello everybody. My name my name my name my name my name my name my my my my my my my my my my name my name my name my name is Alex Stewart. Hi, my name name name name name name name name name name is Hayley Bachmann and we um I mean I mean you know you know like like like like like like like like like like okay so well are to a mature relationship Scholars. Our aim is to provide provide provide provide provide provide provide provide provide provide you with you know well um you know well like so uh you know well well well well well well well well well well research in sight ideas personal anecdotes to help you build healthy relationships where you you you you you you you you you you you know okay uh well okay okay so like you know live live live live live live live live live live work and love yeah, we're just two relationship nerd. That's and that's and that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's and that's and that's and that's and that's and that's and that's and that's and and and and and and and and and and this is like uh so uh uh okay you know well well you and everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone else. So in our first episode we kind of just wanted to you know well like like like like like like like like like like I mean like um I mean well so introduce ourselves because Hayley and I I I I I I I I I I kind of talked about what we want this to well like okay you you you you you you you you you you know well you know um I mean you know look like and we pretty much established. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're not famous. So why should you um I mean well you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well okay okay like listen to me? So we thought this would be be be be be be be be be be a good introduction to kind of okay um so uh you know okay so so so so so so so so so so you know so who we are what kind of identities we hold and what our our our our our our our our our our um okay I mean uh uh well like you know you know hopes are for this absolutely. So do you want to share a little bit about yourself?.