What's up, and welcome to difficulty class of podcast about all things Dungeons and and and and and and and and and and um I mean so like okay um well you know uh Dragons. I'm one I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm one I'm one I'm one I'm one I'm one I'm one I'm one I'm one I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm one of your hosts riverbed us with me. This week is a lie so so so so so so so so so so so well so well okay uh well well - man. That's right. And this week week week week week week week week week week we are going to be talking about so I mean so well well um um um um um um um um um um okay I mean you know creating character hooks as well as connecting campaigns and and and and and and and and and and then we're not answering lesser questions okay um well uh um I mean you you you you you you you you you you know I mean I mean again because we don't have any because we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've been selected for any of them. So okay you know uh I mean um um um um um um um um um um uh I mean I mean uh send those into difficulty plus gmail.com. We'll do it next time time time time time time time time time time but before all well uh like you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so um that Ali are you games this week? So since the first first first first first first first first first first time since uh okay okay you know so you know I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay we started playing doing this podcast, I didn't play D&D this week. I've been been been been been been been been been been there. Yeah. Like well you know okay well so um like uh. Yeah, you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't been there. Yes. I didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't I I I I I I I I I I didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't get to play. Play play play play play play play play play. I played a uh like um well like uh um like um lot of blood-borne blood-borne blood-borne blood-borne blood-borne blood-borne blood-borne blood-borne blood-borne blood-borne and Minecraft but aside from that. No, not much D&D. I you know well well well well well well well well well well you know uh like so uh um okay mean poured Mine Craft. I mean, you you you you you you you you you you know, it's good. I got I got I got I got I got I got I got I got I got I got a farm. No,.