So the so the so the so the so the so the so the the the the the the the the the the so the so the so the time is probably going to come come come come come come come come come come when I delete all these uh uh um uh so I mean well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well episodes right? I think so. I don't want to just let it sit sit sit sit sit sit sit sit sit sit here like so okay uh you know uh like I mean well if I'm not not not not not not not not not not using it, but what's happening today why I'm talking to you like you know I I I I I I I I I I mean so okay you know well okay okay today is because it's warm out. Out out out out out out out out out. I think it's in the 50s to me. This is this is this is this this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is is um you know I mean you know I mean you know I mean like like like like like like like like like like well warm when outside was still wearing a light down coat. Had all my stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff with me well like I mean you know uh like like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean as most New Yorkers do we're always carrying stuff. Just taking out out out out out out out out out out the trash. Too warm All so like okay well um like so you know you you you you you you you you you you know right. Someone's actually someone's actually someone's actually someone's actually someone's actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually someone's actually someone's actually someone's actually someone's actually someone's actually letting me cross. I'm shocked. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you. Almost got killed by you know uh you know I mean um so so so so so so so so so so you know okay so someone before crossing the street. Thank you for being polite. Polite polite polite polite polite polite polite polite polite. So I was too hot. Um uh um uh um uh um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um uh um uh um uh um uh um uh um uh like like like like like like like like like like uh uh I mean well I mean uh. I came downstairs light down coat scarf in my bag too hot went back up put.