Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to find the magic the podcast that will will will will will will will will will will help you honor yourself your uh like I mean uh um you know um okay like like like like like like like like like like children and your partner. We are we are we are we are we are we we we we we we we we we we are we are we are we are we are going to give you tips tips tips tips tips tips tips tips tips tips and strategies to uh um so okay so um I mean uh like create peace and and and and and and and and and and authenticity within your family. This is Felicia Allen. I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a social social social social social social social social social social media like so uh like you know uh like like okay marketer writer and Mom Mom Mom Mom Mom Mom Mom Mom Mom Mom to three boys ages 5 3 & 2 and I am um uh you know know know know know know know know know know um well like you know you know well terilyn Griffin an English Professor turned stay-at-home. Stay-at-home stay-at-home stay-at-home stay-at-home stay-at-home stay-at-home stay-at-home stay-at-home stay-at-home. Mom to four kids ages 11 9 uh okay so well I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean you know I mean um 5 & 3 we inhale a This amount of books books books books books books books books books books and life tools and um um okay okay okay so so I mean you you you you you you you you you you know distill the information for you are awesome listeners. Let's find the magic magic magic magic magic magic magic magic magic magic together. Okay like so okay you know um um okay um. Okay, everybody. I have have have have have have have have have have I have I have I have I have I have I have I have I I I I I I I I I I have I have a high five and that is that I have heard well like like like like like like like like like like you know you know like well um uh like from read listen to whatever from many people that blue light before bed. So like artificial light.