And if ever you decide you should go to Denison welcome back class is is is is is is is is is is um you know okay um um so like okay so in session and we're happier happier happier happier happier happier happier happier happier happier tuned in for Denison's Declassified College Survival Guide. This is episode so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um like uh so like um uh two dining Halls Drive-Ins and Dives. So So So So So So So So So So I'm here to give you the scoop on like okay well so like okay you you you you you you you you you you know okay I mean Student Life at Denison University. I have two new guests guests guests guests guests guests guests guests guests guests writing me this week to chitchat okay well okay um well well okay well so so so so so so so so so so about our favorite snacks on and around the hill. Welcome guys. Hi. You to introduce yourselves. Yourselves yourselves yourselves yourselves yourselves yourselves yourselves yourselves yourselves. Like you know well well you know uh like uh like. My name is caleb. Caleb Caleb Caleb Caleb Caleb Caleb Caleb Caleb Caleb. I'm a sophomore here at Denison. I'm from Zanesville, um I mean so okay so so so so so so so so so so I mean uh so um Ohio. So just an hour east of campus. Campus Campus Campus Campus Campus Campus Campus Campus Campus. I'm on the exec um you know um uh uh like like well um board board board board board board board board board board for Outlook our LGBT student group on campus and I am an admissions coordinator you you you you you you you you you you know so well you know like well well uh uh as well Sun. Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi everyone. I'm Dom and I'm a sophomore. I'm from I'm from I'm from I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm from I'm from I'm from I'm from I'm from I'm from I'm from like like like like like like like like like like uh like uh uh uh so I mean so Chicago. So definitely not one and a half hours away from here that's around six hours or so. I'm a.