What's up guys? And welcome and welcome and welcome and welcome and welcome and and and and and and and and and and welcome and welcome and welcome and welcome and welcome to another episode of Long Island volleyball volleyball volleyball volleyball volleyball volleyball volleyball volleyball volleyball volleyball podcasts. We like well so okay well well you know so I mean got a a a a a a a a a a fun episode for you. Today. We're gonna be talking about the like you you you you you you you you you you know I mean I mean like okay you know so um Desi strong game of new new new new new new new new new new polls versus st. Joe's there's a five-set thriller, but new well well uh you know know know know know know know know know know I mean okay uh like I mean poll has ended up getting the the the the the the the the the the W girls going to be talking about who we uh okay you know you you you you you you you you you you know okay well so you know you know think is gonna win the D3 D3 D3 D3 D3 D3 D3 D3 D3 D3 Championship. There's four teams that we think so like I mean so you know well so so so so so so so so so so okay uh that could win it. So stay tuned to find out who would would would would would would would would would would might be and then we're um well like you know okay um so um I I I I I I I I I I mean going to end off talking about beach volleyball. We're both really excited about the season season season season season season season season season season um okay uh I mean well you know like so uh coming up and we we we we we we we we we we just wanted to talk about that a little bit. Bit, I mean well well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay like so you know so I hope you guys enjoy. All right. So So So So So So So So So So let's get into it Saint Rose had uh so like I mean like so so so so so so so so so so so so um a long week this week the Reversed North Central College and new polls polls polls polls polls polls polls polls polls polls on saturday. Okay okay well uh well you know um like you know. Know know know know know know know know know. And then Sunday, they played Stevens and st. Francis. And now today they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're playing so you know like um like okay so um okay Yeshiva. Yeah first first first first first first first first first first conference game. It'll be it'll be it'll be it'll be it'll be it'll it'll it'll it'll it'll it'll it'll it'll it'll it'll be it'll be it'll be it'll be it'll be an easy one for him though. They're They're They're They're They're They're They're They're They're They're probably they're probably they're probably they're probably they're probably they're probably they're probably they're probably they're probably they're probably just going to.