Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted I wanted I wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to give well uh okay okay you know um like well okay you guys a a a a a a a a a a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of well well so well well well well well well well well well well uh uh you know um okay your favorite artists and podcasts in in in in in in in in in in one place. That's for free Hallelujah. No you know so I mean well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean I mean I mean premium account necessary Spotify has a huge catalogue of of of of of of of of of of podcasts on every topic including the so like you know I mean so so so so so so so so so so so I mean you know I mean one you're listening to right now and you can follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow those podcast. So you never I mean uh okay um I mean so um um um um um um um um um um okay you know miss an episode you can share what you're listening to with friends on on on on on on on on on on uh um uh okay like um okay okay I mean Instagram. And if if if if if if if if if if and if and if and if and if and if and if and and and and and and and and and and if and if and if you are a premium user you can download download download download download download download download download download episodes to listen okay well uh uh I mean like uh uh so to offline no no no no no no no no no no matter where you are. So if you haven't done so already um um you know know know know know know know know know know so well like I mean well okay be sure to download the the the the the the the the the the Spotify app search for optimal relationships daily or browse I mean I mean like like like like like like like like like like like I mean well um like like podcasts in the your library Tab and and and and and and and and and and give us a follow. So you never miss okay I mean well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well I mean you know um an episode speaking of which let's see see see see see see see see see see what we've got on The Ledger today. Um so so well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay so. This is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is this is optimal relationships daily episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode 647 what I wish someone had told me you know like I mean you you you you you you you you you you know um I mean you know well you know right after my breakup part 1 by Eddie korbanot of loves a game.com. Hello everybody. I am Greg.