Hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's hey, it's hey, it's Tobias here. If you want to learn a little bit about about about about about about about about about about my firm like uh you know um you know okay you know well like like like like like like like like like like or see my portfolio head on over to acquirers funds.com. I'm a huge fan fan fan fan fan fan fan fan fan fan of Dan so well well okay uh um uh well um Eric and and and and and and and and and and Spotify we run Spotify in the office all day long as you might know know know know know know know know know know I mean I mean well you know well I mean um okay so Spotify has has has has has has has has has has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening you you you you you you you you you you know um you know you know like I mean um well so to to to to to to to to to to right now. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts like um um so well um so so uh in one place for for for for for for for for for for free. You can follow your favorite podcast. So you never okay so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like well um so miss an episode premium users can download episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes to listen to offline wherever you are okay um I mean uh okay you you you you you you you you you you know so well like easily share what you're listening to with your friends on instagram. Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram. Haven't done so so I mean okay uh like okay okay um I mean already be be be be be be be be be be sure to download the Spotify app search for the acquirers podcast well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like okay so uh uh uh on Spotify or browse podcast in the your your your your your your your your your your library tab. Also, make sure well you know I mean you know I mean you know know know know know know know know know know well um uh to follow me. So you never miss an episode of of of of of of of of of of the acquirers podcast one more time. This is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is this is Bush League. I'm Tobias Carla.