Hey guys, super excited about today's podcast before I talk about today's podcast go you know know know know know know know know know know okay I mean so I mean so uh um like to youtube.com slash Gary vee. Vee Vee Vee Vee Vee Vee Vee Vee Vee. I'm super fired up about weekly V O8 I said uh so I I I I I I I I I I mean you know like um uh well uh last time I promoted weekly be I I I I I I I I I I can't believe the comments people are kind of well like okay um um like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know like sit down like TV watching style throwing it on the the the the the the the the the the smart TVs and things I mean um uh well uh well so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay that nature. I'm super flattered super excited about it. This weekly be a uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so um uh um like you know so um super loaded with a bunch of of of of of of of of of of podcasts action between Damon John and sampar, then I mean um so um well um um um um um um um um um um so like uh there's a really epic. A meeting I had with the Minnesota rocker. Rocker rocker rocker rocker rocker rocker rocker rocker rocker. That is uh okay uh uh um like so so so the team team team team team team team team team team that I own in the Call of Duty League the minority owner along with um um um um um um um um um um well okay well um so so like okay the event Vikings ownership group, Minnesota rocker meeting meeting meeting meeting meeting meeting meeting meeting meeting meeting really interesting gets into my mindset about business you know I mean I mean um um um um um um um um um um um okay uh uh like and operations and marketing of kind of a startup. There's some some some some some some some some some some Vayner Sports Action at the combine well you know like um you know well um um um um um um um um um um um like and there's a really fantastic podcast. I did with an incredibly credibly credibly credibly credibly credibly credibly credibly credibly credibly credibly fresh well I mean um okay well um I mean um um fashion brand called called called called called called called called called called mad happy that's in the hoodie space doing a lot of interesting stuff. We got into some real shit there.