Hello, how's hello, how's hello, how's hello, how's hello, how's hello, how's hello, how's how's how's how's how's how's how's how's how's how's hello, how's hello, how's hello, how's it going? It is it is it is it it it it it it it it it it is it is it is it is it is it is it is Friday, Friday, Friday, Friday, Friday, Friday, Friday, Friday, Friday, Friday, March 6th already 2020 time flies when well I mean you know um like like like like like like like like like like well well like uh you're having fun. Isn't that right? Having a blast blast blast blast blast blast blast blast blast blast here today shows a good okay I mean so I mean so so I I I I I I I I I I mean okay okay one. Nice Feel Good Friday to send you in the the the the the the the the the the weekend and beautiful fashion. I mean I mean well okay you know like so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh. We have conversation with Kyle Rudolph who breaks down. V play from the I I I I I I I I I I mean you know okay um like I mean uh I mean so New Orleans Saints Saints Saints Saints Saints Saints Saints Saints Saints Saints playoff game that you would want to hear the answer from like um like you you you you you you you you you you know well so I mean I mean you know has a very good answer. Also Also Also Also Also Also Also Also Also Also Aaron also Aaron also Aaron also Aaron also Aaron also Aaron also Aaron also Aaron Aaron Aaron Aaron Aaron Aaron Aaron Aaron Aaron Aaron also Aaron also Aaron Jones in the Green Bay Packers and I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay so okay um you know I mean all the other conversation that you you you you you you you you you you could potentially want to hear about life. We can't we can't we can't we we we we we we we we we we can't we can't we can't we can't we can't we can't we can't well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like um like I mean uh you know thank you enough for choosing to to to to to to to to to to listen to this show. I mean you could do uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um well so I mean a lot of other things with your earholes right right right right right right right right right right now. A lot of I mean like I mean so um um um so um um um um um um um um um um the things people say you shouldn't use Q-tips and more I use them. I I I I I I I I I I I mean um um um well so uh um um use Q-tips all the time. I I I I I I I I I I love me too. I love Q-tips to there's okay you know so well um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so well okay a war on Q-tips, by the way, though because they you know, the the the the the the the the the the Hand against Q-tips okay um well you know like uh well I mean you know know know know know know know know know know is that you push it in there and you burst your jump already got a burst ha ha joke's on you.