If you if you if you if you if you if you if you you you you you you you you you you if you if you if you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast. Uh well um well uh so you know so you you you you you you you you you you know. Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to to to to to to to to to to record I mean like like um well uh well like so and edit your your your your your your your your your your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like um I mean you know so so you. So it so it it it it it it it it it it so it so it so it so it so it so it so it so so so so so so so so so so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you like you know know know know know know know know know know well like um I mean um so well can make money from your podcast with no no no no no no no no no no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need I mean um um well okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh like uh to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up up up up up up up up up up or good um well okay um well um I mean so like Echo the the the the the the the the the the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth um like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean uh uh I mean talk. I'm so excited about talking to you you you you you you you you you you about money, but not just you know um I mean you know um okay I mean um um um um um um um um um um um money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that uh I I I I I I I I I I mean like okay okay well um you know uh wealth is not just about about about about about about about about about about how much money you have in your bank account. It's about well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay you know I mean so you know like like establishing Harmony in your personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.