Hi everyone. Thanks again for tuning into the logical Bible study podcast. I really appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate your so um um so uh so okay you know well support. I hope I hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I I I I I I I I I I hope you're getting a lot out of studying the Bible in uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well um uh so like um uh this way by looking at the literal literal literal literal literal literal literal literal literal literal sense of the text, which is something we so okay I mean uh okay okay I I I I I I I I I I mean uh you know don't often talk about enough, but we need to to to to to to to to to to we need to talk about it I mean like you know like so um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so more and today we're looking at. And really and really and really and and and and and and and and and and really and really and really and really and really and really and really interesting passage. Passage passage passage passage passage passage passage passage passage. It's quite unlike everything well okay um um so okay okay uh like else. Else else else else else else else else else. We see in the gospels really so Matthew 17 1 to 9, which is so so so so so so so so so so uh you know okay like I mean so like so the Transfiguration. Jesus Took Took Took Took Took Took Took Took Took Took jesus Took jesus Took jesus Took jesus Took jesus Took jesus Took jesus Took jesus jesus jesus jesus jesus jesus jesus jesus jesus jesus Took jesus Took with him Peter and James and his brother John and led led led led led led led led led led um uh like um like okay so uh like them up a high mountain where they they they they they they they they they they could be alone. There in their presence um okay um so so well well you you you you you you you you you you know um he was transfigured his face Shone like the sun and his clothes became as white as the light.