Good morning. Good morning. Breakfast. Today is sponsored by dr. David Romani for the the the the the the the the the the okay okay uh uh well okay uh like like reflection of my view on attend you you you you you you you you you you who died. Then Tova breakfast okay um okay well uh well well um so is also also also also also also also also also also sponsored anonymously in the Merit sadaqa and words of Tourism. Simcha, but simcha, but simcha, simcha, simcha, simcha, simcha, simcha, simcha, simcha, simcha, simcha, but simcha, but simcha, but simcha, but simcha, but simcha, but simcha, but simcha, simcha, simcha, simcha, simcha, simcha, simcha, simcha, simcha, simcha, but Sophia will well well well well uh well well I mean okay be be be be be be be be be be myth karev to her proper. She look today as well as all the like um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know so um you know well singles of marriageable age. And And And And And And And And And And as well breakfast is sponsored by Lindsay and Shlomo three, you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know uh uh I mean so in loving memory and Lena shmatte my my my my my my my my my my grandmother Sarah Dorrit farhi, okay so okay like I mean well okay well well but but but but but but but but but but the key a cold brew is dedicated in loving memory and was in in in in in in in in in in his mat okay I mean you know so you know so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know uh raffaella empanadas and watch them out for my in maruyama attack that sponsored well well well well well well well well well well well like uh well okay I mean I mean so by don't have Shalom family family family family family family family family family family Robert. I Robert I rabbit a rabbit a this week splashes so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean well uh well you know so fascinating they attacked it survey survey survey survey survey survey survey survey survey survey the pursuit tells us and you should command the Jewish people and what is is is is is is is is is is he? What do what do what do what do what do what do what do what do what do what do you command in the Jewish.