Three two one and stop up and step podcast. What's up friends puff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff podcast back I mean uh so so okay I mean okay you know know know know know know know know know know um on your listening device. We appreciate you being here. We're doing this really cool thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing you know um I mean okay so um like so I mean right now now now now now now now now now now with CBD American Shaman of PA. They want to give away their okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh like um like you know like like products to a handful of of of of of of of of of of our listeners. And see what you like don't like uh uh I mean like well well well well well well well well well well I mean uh you know uh questions things like that. Basically, you're just going to to to to to to to to to to get like a couple weeks supply I mean well okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like well I mean I mean so of some CBD products from CBD American Shaman Shaman Shaman Shaman Shaman Shaman Shaman Shaman Shaman Shaman EPA, and then you're going to do well so well okay well um well um um um um um um um um um um um some testimonials from us. This is what you got to do go to the so so so so so so so so so so I mean um like so so you know uh so puff and Steph Facebook page, and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's pinned to the top of the page and uh like okay so so so so so so so so so so so I mean okay like um just tell us why you want to try try try try try try try try try try it out. Maybe you've maybe you've maybe you've maybe you've maybe you've maybe you've you've you've you've you've you've you've you've you've you've maybe you've maybe you've maybe you've maybe you've tried CBD like um well well well well well well well well well well well well you know you know you know okay products before and you stop for for for for for for for for for for whatever reason maybe try to different companies products. You well so uh okay like like like like like like like like like like uh okay well okay want to see how this Compares maybe you're just curious. Curious curious curious curious curious curious curious curious curious. Maybe earlier maybe there's I mean well I mean like like so so like like like like like like like like like like so something specific that you're hoping that it helps with. No reason is better than than than than than than than than than than uh um uh well um like I mean like like any other to be honest. We want a wide variety of people. So make sure you.