Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Whistler in you know uh um uh so okay well uh so this this this this this this this this this this podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists. These are okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um well okay well okay the audio versions of our videos that were were were were were were were were were were originally published on YouTube. If you so okay uh um like uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay enjoy this show, please do consider leaving us a review on on on on on on on on on on Apple podcasts or Oye I mean well well you know well I mean well um um um um um um um um um um okay podcast. Also, you also, you also, you also, you also, you also, you also, you you you you you you you you you you also, you also, you also, you are say hi to me on social media on on on on on on on on on on Instagram Twitter all I mean okay you know um so I mean you know so so so so so so so so so so like of that stuff. I am I am I am I am I I I I I I I I I I am I am I am I am I am I am at Simon Whistler one one one one one one one one one one word come and say hi to me. You know like like like well you know well well well well well well well well well well like I mean. Let me know how you liked this show and let's get into into into into into into into into into into it. Hello. I'm Simon so you know so okay well you know uh um well well well well well well well well well well with Slayer you're watching top 10 internet. And in the video today. Okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay well okay well okay well okay well okay well okay well okay well well well well well well well well well well okay well well like well like I mean you know so. We're looking at the the the the the the the the the the top 10 successful companies that started life as something totally like um like well well well well well well well well well well well well so okay like different most of us go through life and not knowing knowing knowing knowing knowing knowing knowing knowing knowing knowing who we are so you know well okay I mean well okay uh like or or or or or or or or or or what we want to do at least until a few decades in we go uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean so um like um like well through many false starts and and and and and and and and and and travel through many dead and paths until we find like like um um uh like like like like like like like like like like like I mean okay the one that's truly right for us many companies are are are are are are are are are are the same often times okay well uh like well like uh uh like the the the the the the the the the the most successful corporations on earth started with one simple idea and are now vastly successful in a different area.