Welcome back to modern day disciples AKA MDD the podcast were here real stories stories stories stories stories stories stories stories stories stories um okay like you know I mean uh you know um you know from modern-day modern-day modern-day modern-day modern-day modern-day modern-day modern-day modern-day modern-day disciples. My name is Cameron Bure Naga. I'm the youth minister at st. Uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like you know I mean like like okay. Francis of francis of francis of of of of of of of of of of francis of francis of francis of francis of francis of francis of francis of Assisi Assisi Assisi Assisi Assisi Assisi Assisi Assisi Assisi Assisi Parish in San Jose, California in my name is Ana fuentes. Okay okay um um um um um um um um um um uh um um uh like um. I'm the youth Minister as the Anthony perosh in in in in in in in in in in San Jose, California. Dude. Happy lead. Happy okay so okay I mean so well so so so so so so so so so so you know like Lance. I'll be home late you guys we have a a a a a a a a a a super special episode for you um so okay well well well I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay today. It's very special. We we haven't posted in like maybe a week. Week week week week week week week week week. Yeah. I'm well um okay I mean I mean so I mean I mean you you you you you you you you you you know due to some stuff that we'll talk about. Oh for oh for oh for for for for for for for for for for oh for oh for oh for oh for oh for oh for oh for sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure for sure. Butts so I mean like like you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh you know were in our Lenten season now, so we actually have a special special special special special special special special special special Lenten edition uh okay so I mean uh so so uh you know of the MDD MDD MDD MDD MDD MDD MDD MDD MDD MDD podcast this week guys, we do so we unfortunately don't have a um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well um so uh like you know guest this week, but we're going to to to to to to to to to to talk all things lent. We're going to do um okay like like um um you you you you you you you you you you know I mean so some things that are a little different from what we usually usually usually usually usually usually usually usually usually usually do on a um uh um like you know like well so you know podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and it switch it up a little bit Don't Know remix of the well um um um um um um um um um um like uh so uh like well well episode of you're really fine and we hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope that you guys stick with us for this special luncheon episode remember, that's a remix. Let's get.