Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic of of of of of of of of of of uh so like like you know okay uh so I mean today's newsletter is is is is is is is is is is going to be what women are attracted to in men. Okay okay so so so so so so so so so so I mean you know I mean um okay um. In other words. What are are are are are are are are are are what are what are what are what are what are what are what are are are are are are are are are are what are what are the things? What are the triggers? What are the the the the the the the the the the things that okay I mean um like you know like like you know well women like like like like like like like like like like about us guys? So what kind of behavior is it that they like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so like you know um okay I mean I mean so we can can can can can can can can can can exhibit this kind of behavior obviously to attract women. Well first um well like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean I mean so you know things first that we got understand about about about about about about about about about about women is number one. There are emotional I mean I mean okay um you know know know know know know know know know know well well you know like beings and their Even by their emotions and women women women women women women women women women women want to be in like you know I mean you know um um so so so so so so so so so so like uh a love story. They want to just randomly run into some some some some some some some some some some dude in the you know um I mean like uh so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean um supermarket or the grocery store and make eye contact and there's just just just just just just just just just just obviously it happens like okay so um like like um so um in such such such such such such such such such such a way that it's obvious to both of them that they like each other and they smile at each other and the.