Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor like like like like like like like like like like like um so well okay so well okay it's the app I'm using it is definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely the easiest one to use like uh uh like um so okay so um it's free free free free free free free free free free and there's creation tools straight in the app that allow you to edit um um um um um um um um um um you know um well okay okay so you know so your podcast from your your your your your your your your your your phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to Spotify you know know know know know know know know know know um okay uh like so okay you know okay apple and many more without without without without without without without without without without having to do anything which is great and you can you know um like like like like like like like like like like okay well uh like so I mean make money from the podcast with with with with with with with with with with no minimum listenership, which is also great man. You like like well you know well well well well well well well well well well well uh so I mean gotta grind you got to get to where where where where where where where where where where you're going. So it's everything you well I mean well I mean uh you know know know know know know know know know know so you know uh need to do all one place and to download the app app app app app app app app app app go to anchor on um like um well uh I mean um okay you you you you you you you you you you know the App Store anchored on FM online to get Started let's get in in in in in in in in in in the madness. Well I well I well I well I well I well I well I I I I I I I I I I well I well I well I mean okay I mean like okay um um um um um um um um um um well you know. What's going on? Everyone? Rob everything and YG. You're welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome you're welcome you're welcome you're welcome you're welcome you're welcome you're welcome you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're welcome you're welcome you're welcome to episode 2 of everything and like okay you know know know know know know know know know know I mean well you know uh so you know YG's Madness. I'm excited to get get get get get get get get get get into it. The first episode alone did like um you know like you know know know know know know know know know know okay like you know you know amazing. I'm so thankful for you guys tuning in and and and and and and and and and and checking it out and uh I mean so okay uh okay okay okay so reviewing reviewing reviewing reviewing reviewing reviewing reviewing reviewing reviewing reviewing it and everything of that nature. I really really do appreciate it. And I genuinely hope you enjoyed it. But the.