What's going what's going what's going what's going what's going what's going what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's going what's going what's going what's going on guys before we get started on today's episode. Episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. I want um I mean like um uh like you know so okay to talk to to to to to to to to to to you guys about anchor anchor is the app that I use to record well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well like I mean I mean okay uh so my episodes. It's the it's the it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's the it's the it's the it's the it's the it's the it's the it's the the the the the the the the the the easiest way to make podcast. It's a hundred percent free and so like I mean okay you you you you you you you you you you know I mean uh so you know it allows you to use tools that that that that that that that that that that allow you to record and edit your podcast uh well um um you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so okay straight from your phone or computer that allows you to record record record record record record record record record record with friends I mean you know okay like so you know know know know know know know know know know I mean uh I mean as well after it's been uploaded to Anchor and go go go go go go go go go go will then distribute your so you know uh um well um well um um podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you so I can be heard on Spotify app a podcast and many many many many many many many many many many more so like uh I mean well um okay okay okay you can also definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like so well like well so uh need to make a podcast in one one one one one one one one one one place download the free anchor well um um I mean like you know um uh well well well well well well well well well well app or go to Anchor dot fm to get started. Before I start this um um um um um um um um um um you know like okay I mean so um so um podcast, I just want to to to to to to to to to to let you guys know if you are listening to like so so okay like well well well well well well well well well well I mean like so this podcast through headphones. I'm warning I'm warning I'm warning I'm warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning I'm warning I'm warning I'm warning I'm warning I'm warning I'm warning you right right right right right right right right right right now. It's only going through the okay well you know so okay you know well well well well well well well well well well uh you know left here. I want to believe because that's just just just just just just just just just just the way my okay well well like um you know you know um um um um um um um um um um um my whole setup. It works I guess but I'm going to try to figure out a way how to fix that. But I.