Welcome to the valley. Yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's up with your boy Anthony? Anthony Anthony Anthony Anthony Anthony Anthony Anthony Anthony Anthony It's going on you know um okay so like like okay so so so so so so so so so so like and show Paul took one sec. Hey, it's Josh. It's boy Ralph. It's up. Up up up up up up up up up. Its Eli and so well like like uh like okay well so Welcome to our our our our our our our our our our podcast. So this is the first episode. We're trying we're trying we're trying we're trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying we're trying we're trying we're trying we're trying we're trying we're trying to um you you you you you you you you you you know okay I mean like like you know so uh get it started the the the the the the the the the the podcast came about with just an idea one night and decided so well I I I I I I I I I I mean uh I mean like you know I mean like that fuck it. We'll give give give give give give give give give give it a shot and now here we are. So yeah, it's um so okay like like like like like like like like like like well um okay I mean so just the boys doing what we normally do every weekend, weekend, weekend, weekend, weekend, weekend, weekend, weekend, weekend, weekend, but we figured why not I mean you know you know um okay like like like like like like like like like like like you know well let our viewers and people outside of our group you're our thoughts and certain certain certain certain certain certain certain certain certain certain Interest on okay like okay so like okay so like uh topics throughout this this this this this this this this this this community huge shout out to all the Facebook people already um okay um I I I I I I I I I I mean like okay uh so like 190. I'm already over night. Yes. We're basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically famous. Right? Well, I'm pretty close we're late. I mean like okay you know um you you you you you you you you you you know you know I mean like. But there's there's Matthew McConaughey and then there's a on Facebook and Instagram like we were I was actually quite shocked. I.