What's up, guys? This episode of the podcast is brought to you by anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor if so um I mean I mean okay you know well uh like you don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't know about anchor it's the platform that we use to make all of our our our our our our our our our our well so well uh like I mean uh um well podcasts and it is is is is is is is is is is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me just well well well well well well well well well well well well you know well you know okay you know I mean break it down for you guys real real real real real real real real real real quick. It is it is it is it is it is it is it it it it it it it it it it is it is it is it is 100% free. There's nothing you um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so you know um you know like well have to pay for it it it it it it it it it it comes with all kinds of creation tools so that you like you know know know know know know know know know know I mean so well so okay so so can record and edit your podcast right right right right right right right right right right from your phone or your computer wherever uh um you know well so like like like like like like like like like like um so um it'll automatically distribute your podcast for you so that it can can can can can can can can can can be heard on so so um so okay you know you know you know know know know know know know know know know so Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast, wherever you want to put it you can make make make make make make make make make make money uh so okay okay um you know okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean from your podcast right out the gate. No minimum listenership. You can start monetizing monetizing monetizing monetizing monetizing monetizing monetizing monetizing monetizing monetizing right like uh uh okay okay so like okay you know away, which is super awesome. Awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome. It's literally everything that you need to make a um like like you know know know know know know know know know know okay I mean like well uh podcast all in one place. So download the the the the the the the the the the free anchor app or go to Anchor so I mean like um you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean well dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get started. Enjoy the episode guys shit out in a box and and and and and and and and and and you know so I mean like like you know so um you know know know know know know know know know know I'll look this way too simple. That's fucking boring. I'm not doing it. Okay. Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay. I just so uh okay so I mean um like I mean like reason with with with with with with with with with with myself like within a week of doing that and then fucking a hundred so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like okay so like so I mean well thieves comes out with some shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit like that. It's bullshit. It's what's under um um well uh uh okay like like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay bro. Come on son. The bomber jacket is sick though. I alright I will say it looks pretty tight. I'm.