If I can start a dude shit, seriously, like it really took me by surprise surprise surprise surprise surprise surprise surprise surprise surprise surprise you know well okay um like well you know you know well when I I I I I I I I I I found out that they did not have Legend anymore. Yeah, like I always okay uh like like like like like like like like like like so okay uh so uh you know thought that was like a staple at at at at at at at at at at the drive-through like oh, I wonder exactly like I mean I mean okay you know so so so so so so so so so so uh so you know me. Amantha. We pull up beside you. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm fucking ready for it. Dude. I'm okay I mean uh uh like so so you you you you you you you you you you know so in Mac side of wedge. Yeah, we pull up I order I I I I I I I I I I was like, oh, no, so okay um well you know I mean um um um um um um um um um um I mean like would you fuck me up with two of those famous bowls amount of of of of of of of of of of times. I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean you know so so you know uh I mean like uh. You've You've You've You've You've You've You've You've You've You've guys said wedges I said wedges. Is along with that shit and like so you you you you you you you you you you know I mean so you know I mean well well guess what? I didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't get wedgies because what was it Ben it was french fries. They I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean uh you know like um like well are serving friend you Iris deceitful deceitful deceitful deceitful deceitful deceitful deceitful deceitful deceitful deceitful your mama reason people and I don't appreciate what like I mean like you you you you you you you you you you know um well so I mean like you're doing to me. It's actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually upsetting. It's very fitting we feel you been like how do you go from selling triangular potatoes to shelling rectangular?.