Join me to understand my mind the mind of a teenager obsessed with the the the the the the the the the the global celebrity okay okay um I mean like I mean um okay like Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Holland a Spider-Man star has recently appeared in multiple. Marvel features marvel features features features features features features features features features features marvel features marvel features marvel features marvel features marvel features marvel features marvel features features features features features features features features features features marvel features marble is an I mean like so okay like uh so like well well well well well well well well well well American film and television Studio. They are they are they are they are they they they they they they they they they they are they are they are they are they are they are best known known known known known known known known known known for producing the Marvel Cinematic you know like I mean I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean uh well I mean uh Universe movies based on characters that appear in Marvel Marvel Marvel Marvel Marvel Marvel Marvel Marvel Marvel Marvel Comics welcoming you back like like okay okay well so well I mean well to celebrity crushes crushes crushes crushes crushes crushes crushes crushes crushes crushes Tom Holland Edition. I'm Kayla Hurley and I'm thrilled to be talking about so so so so so so so so so so uh so okay uh well um I mean uh today's topic. Back in in in in in in in in in in July 2017 my mother Amy and I took a trip to um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um so like um um well the movie theater to watch the recent remake of of of of of of of of of of Spider-Man. I was currently unaware of I mean so I mean well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like I mean The Gorgeous actor who portrayed Spider-Man himself, so so so so so so so so so so I wasn't expecting my life to um okay um uh you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so okay be altered that day since then. I've had a huge crush on on on on on on on on on on tom. Uh so so I mean like like okay you know uh. That's almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost three years of my life fantasizing about a man 10 like um so like you you you you you you you you you you know I mean okay you know I mean years older than me back in in in in in in in in in in October of 2019. I met I met I met I met I met I met met met met met met met met met met I met I met I met I met Tom well for 20 seconds that is but overall. It just made my career even.