Good morning. Today is Monday, March 2nd 2020 and this is prayers okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well uh well you know well well you know for your day. Day day day day day day day day day. This is Dunedin. I want to thank you all so much for so well well well well well well well well well well well um well um um okay um joining me on the call. Whenever you you you you you you you you you you whenever you whenever you whenever you whenever you whenever you whenever you whenever you you you you you you you you you you whenever you whenever you find time that we can come together so like um you you you you you you you you you you know um well okay so okay and pray this one on this morning. I'm just just just just just just just just just just going to pray for your week. Like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like um well well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like so um. I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just going to pray for for for for for for for for for for you on this morning and leave my South out okay um um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean I mean so of it I'm staying at home today, which which which which which which which which which which is unusual for me. Normally. I don't stay um um you know you you you you you you you you you you know I mean okay so uh okay home from work, but I'm staying home today. Today today today today today today today today today. I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not I'm not I'm not feeling 100% but I wanted well I mean well so so so so so so so so so so um so so okay okay to make sure that I got on the prayer call call call call call call call call call call before I went like so you know well you know well okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay back to bed. So today I'm going to pray for you on this morning and and and and and and and and and and for your week. Let us let us let us let us let us let us us us us us us us us us us let us let us let us let us pray father God in the name.