This episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode this episode this episode this episode of bricks and buckets podcast has been brought to to to to to to to to to to you by anchor the um so okay like you know you know okay so like like like like like like like like like like easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain guys. So it's free you you you you you you you you you you know like uh um like well you know well you know their creation tools that allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow you to record and edit the podcast right from your I mean uh uh um um um um um um um um um um uh you know like I mean um phone or computer through their app. They will will will will will will will will will will distribute your podcast on anchor so that so um okay like so like like like like like like like like like like so like well it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and any other other other other other other other other other other streaming service okay okay okay well well um um um you know you can can can can can can can can can can really imagine you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership well I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean like um you know like well so and it's everything you need need need need need need need need need need to make a podcast. In one place just on their you know okay um so so so so so so so so so so um um well uh so app. So guys go download the free anchor app app app app app app app app app app or go to Anchor dot f m-- so uh like you know so okay uh so so so so so so so so so so so to get started. What's up, everybody? Welcome to bricks and buckets podcast. We We We We We We We We We We are you know um okay so okay well okay okay okay glad and excited to to to to to to to to to to be back for episode 2 we out here recording okay you know so okay I I I I I I I I I I mean um uh um uh just having a good time. We first off on on on on on on on on on on our Instagram we decided that we were going to shout out our 100th follower. Yes, sir. We very quickly.