Brooklyn now, I'm down in Tribeca right next to the narrow, but I'll be be be be be be be be be be hood forever. You know um okay well you know okay like well so. I'm living sinatra. Sinatra Sinatra Sinatra Sinatra Sinatra Sinatra Sinatra Sinatra Sinatra. And since I made it here I can make it anywhere get well um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like okay like well uh a love me everywhere. I used to to to to to to to to to to cop it on them everyone. Welcome back I mean uh uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well um you know I mean to the oneworld agencies podcast Tyler and Sheriff Sheriff Sheriff Sheriff Sheriff Sheriff Sheriff Sheriff Sheriff Sheriff here ready to talk about some I mean I mean like um I I I I I I I I I I mean you know you know you know so pretty cool stuff today. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm very excited about you Sheriff. I am I am I am I am I am am am am am am am am am am I am I am I am I am I am freaking pumped. Yeah, I yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I yeah, I you know uh I mean I mean so so so so so so so so so so so so um I mean would almost consider this like kind of the one of the the the the the the the the the the the first like not well uh I mean I mean I mean um I mean well well well well well well well well well well okay real episode, but kind of now diving Until like actual key Concepts and so like like like like like like like like like like um so I mean you know well you know like other things going to talk about about about about about about about about about about besides just you know overarching principle. So I so I so I so I I I I I I I I I I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I I I I I I I I I I mean like you know okay well um uh like mean we'll talk about today today today today today today today today today today and that this episode is all about the difference between well like um well well well well well well well well well well so okay I mean so um a goal and then idea and and and and and and and and and and I'll dive real quick into what do we mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well well I mean you know you know um okay by that? We obviously there's a a a a a a a a a a difference between gold and idea like, you know, Tyler um you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean I mean okay what are you talking about? So I'll break break break break break break break break break break it down real quick and basically what me um okay okay um um well well well well well well well well well well um you know uh and sheriff came up with one more thing about what we came came came came came came came came came came like I mean I mean so uh well okay I mean well up with what what what what what what what what what what we what we have found to be true and we've been taught is basically the difference in the go and idea is a goal.