What's up, dawg fam? Happy Monday and welcome to episode number 30 of the you know know know know know know know know know know so I mean I mean well you know okay uh so doubt Health podcast. My My My My My My My My My My name my name my name my name my name my name my name name name name name name name name name name my name my name my name is Derrick teal. I'm the owner and operator operator operator operator operator operator operator operator operator operator of like I mean uh I mean uh um so okay so dialed Health, Health, Health, Health, Health, Health, Health, Health, Health, Health, which is strength training for cyclists. Now today. Our topic is all um um um um um um um um um um um you know so so uh like you know um about why circuit workouts are optimal for for for for for for for for for for cyclists. This topic was sent in by so so uh like you know like you you you you you you you you you you know um like an underscore Austin in do thank you so much for this this this this this this this this this this idea because he noticed um okay um like you know well um um um um um um um um um um um um that most of my Programs and pretty much all the workouts. I put out out out out out out out out out out so um um well like well uh like I mean our mixed in in in in in in in in in in some form of a circuit. So you want to know why so um um um um um um um um um um you know so so um like so well that is. Is it is it it it it it it it it it it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it it it it it it it it it it is it something that really is better for cyclists. Is it well well you know so so so so so so so so so so you know like you know I mean uh just my style? What is that? that that that that that that that that that So we're going to break down the science and we're uh so so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay I mean like uh also going to break down some reality because because because because because because because because because because you know, all the science in the world. Well uh well uh well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh well uh well uh well uh well uh well uh well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh like well uh like well. Sometimes can't get around real life factors. Factors factors factors factors factors factors factors factors factors. I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think think think think think think think think think think I think I think so, we'll talk about both so like you know okay like like like like like like like like like like okay you know so um and then really why I choose to do do do do do do do do do do them and why I do believe okay like um you know so so you you you you you you you you you you know like well that it is optimal for cyclists. As always we're going to start with a life update lots of cool stuff happening this last weekend.