Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can can can can can can can can can can listen to okay well I mean like I mean I mean okay um okay all all all all all all all all all all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without I mean you know know know know know know know know know know like uh so like so you know you know a premium account Spotify has a a a a a a a a a a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic so I mean well well well well well well well well well well you know well uh so so so plus you can follow your favorite podcast. So So So So So So So So So So you never miss an episode premium users uh like uh I mean I mean so so so so so so so so so so uh like like can download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and and and and and and and and and and easily share what so uh like well like you know okay I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean you're listening to with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't done so already I mean uh well okay you know um um um like Ready, be sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on on on on on on on on on on Spotify uh uh um uh um uh uh I mean like or browse podcasts in the the the the the the the the the the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you know know know know know know know know know know so um you know uh um okay you know. So you never miss an episode of of of of of of of of of of Optimal Health daily. This is Optimal Health daily episode okay uh um like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh uh well 949 mechanical advantage drop sets the smart way to build build build build build build build build build build muscle fast by john. Um well um well um well um well um well well well well well well well well well well um well um well um well um well um well uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um um so. Romanello of Roman Fitness systems.com. And I'm dr. Neal Malik reading you some of the most popular health and fitness.