Hello and welcome to another episode of the Future Socks podcast. My name um um um um um um um um um um uh uh um I mean like I mean you know like is Mike rankin. Rankin Rankin Rankin Rankin Rankin Rankin Rankin Rankin Rankin. I will be your host this time around and boy. Do we like like like like like like like like like like uh I mean like like like uh well well have a special guest for you you you you you you you you you you crystallinity from socks in the basement podcast. You uh I mean uh so well well well well well well well well well well um um like well can follow them on Twitter at Chris Ludacris. What's going on? on on on on on on on on on I appreciate you I mean well so you know um I mean so um um um um um um um um um um you know jumping in with us to talk some White Sox baseball on the future like like like like like like like like like like like like okay you know uh like uh well Sox podcast. This is this is is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is going going going going going going going going going going to be weird for me because I don't normally um I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean so you know you know do interviews. I normally interview other other other other other other other other other other people. So I'm going to completely screw this like so well like okay I I I I I I I I I I mean like so okay up Mike. Appreciate you having me on the show. Show show show show show show show show show. And yeah, we're excited over like uh so uh okay I mean well well well well well well well well well well well uh at Saks in the basement right now where we've been doing this this this this this this this this this this now uh okay well like uh uh okay um okay for almost two years and it it it it it it it it it it really is like a Grassroots thing that I uh I mean like well well well well well well well well well well well you know you know so like didn't expect to get as big as it's turned turned turned turned turned turned turned turned turned turned into and now we're you know, you know you know um I mean well okay so so so so so so so so so so I mean so we got this live event of cork and Kerry Kerry Kerry Kerry Kerry Kerry Kerry Kerry Kerry Kerry the park on the 28th, so like um uh like uh um um um um um um um um um um um okay and we're going to be trying out a live broadcast from there through the I I I I I I I I I I mean you know uh uh well you know I mean uh I mean Pod be be be be be be be be be be nap and we're going to be going to two shows a week you know know know know know know know know know know uh so I mean um um you know well I mean instead of one and it it it it it it it it it it just it's just it's a fun ride and it's great that we're growing just as the team.