Principal Callahan, I've got principal Velazquez online for put her through cal. Cal Cal Cal Cal Cal Cal Cal Cal Cal. How are you? so like so like so like so like so like so like so so so so so so so so so so like so like so like so like you know okay uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like well Not so bad value self never better, but you can make me even even even even even even even even even even happier. Well, um well, um well, um well, um well, um well, um well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, um well, um well, um well, um I mean like I mean so so so so so so so so so so uh well I mean so I told you we can't keep doing that. It's a a a a a a a a a a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a a a a a a a a a a it's a conflict of interest. Oh uh oh uh oh uh oh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh oh uh oh uh oh uh oh uh oh uh oh uh you know know know know know know know know know know uh you know so uh like uh um get your mind out of the gutter gutter gutter gutter gutter gutter gutter gutter gutter gutter Callahan. I have interns who do well um so you know uh well well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so that now. Anyway, I saw reports this morning that chili Doug Davis is is is is is is is is is is looking into well you know so well okay you know so um uh the the the the the the the the the the foreign exchange program that she is that she is but it's gonna uh like like like like like like like like like like so so you know well okay well okay take a pretty hefty. Package for package package package package package package package package package package for package for package for package for package for package for package for package package package package package package package package package package for package for me to send her to Barcelona if um so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean uh okay you know you know that's what you're after. You know why why why why why why why why why why they call her chili dog. Don't you tell uh so like so like like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um me cow ate 50 of them in one Lunch Period or freshman freshman freshman freshman freshman freshman freshman freshman freshman freshman year right down uh like I mean so like well so like you know the gullet gullet gullet gullet gullet gullet gullet gullet gullet gullet and not 20 minutes later scored a 96 on our biology midterm. Like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so um you know you know well so. Just shy of an A+. Look Look Look Look Look Look Look Look Look Look point is the kids a stud a phenom. Uh like well okay like like so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh. I'm not about to give her up for a pack of pens in a a a a a a a a a a book uh well so like okay so so like like Let's Not Be hasty. Hasty Hasty Hasty Hasty Hasty Hasty Hasty Hasty Hasty. We think we think we think we think we think we think think think think think think think think think think we think we think we think we think chili dog will be a great fit fit fit fit fit fit fit fit fit fit in the like uh I mean well like I mean well I mean um halls halls halls halls halls halls halls halls halls halls of our school and coming to Barcelona will be an enriching experience for for for for for for for for for for um okay I mean so uh I mean like so okay both her and us now you want to hear my offer what tell me about.