Hey Josh, hey Josh, hey Josh, hey Josh, hey Josh, hey Josh, hey Josh, hey Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh, hey Josh, hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners. Hey just jokes um okay like I mean um well um you know know know know know know know know know know um listeners before we get into this episode. I'd like to take a moment to like like like like like like like like like like I mean um uh so so uh uh you know thank our sponsor. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way to make well so okay you you you you you you you you you you know like um uh so I mean a podcast. It's free. It's doesn't cost any any any any any any any any any any money. That's why we use it. There's a okay um so so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well um like creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from from from from from from from from from from your like okay so uh uh uh I mean okay I mean phone and and and and and and and and and and computer makes it very simple and color distributes your pockets for you can be be be be be be be be be be heard. You know I mean um like uh you know well well well. On Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcast anything else and you can make money from your podcast with no you know know know know know know know know know know um okay I mean I mean uh well I mean I mean minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast right in one place I I I I I I I I I I mean you know so I mean well well uh uh like download the free free free free free free free free free free a tinker app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get started. Uh okay okay so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean. I don't know. Yeah, that works. That was that was that that that that that that that that that that was that was that was that was that was that was that was that that that that that that that that that that was good cool. I started I started I started I started I started I I I I I I I I I I started I started I started I started I started I started I don't well well well well well well well well well well so like okay like I mean I mean um well give a fuck. I I I I I I I I I I started sit the fuck down get the water sit the fuck down. Come on, dude. I don't have to.