Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need more more more more more more more more more more so okay I mean uh I mean you know um so like voices in the the the the the the the the the the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast um you know well well well well well well well well well well you know uh well well so um to the Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this this this this this this this this this this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding before I mean well well uh okay I mean like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know our eyes. There are a lot of ways to get involved and an an an an an an an an an an easy well okay um uh um well okay uh uh one is to start a a a a a a a a a a podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast well um well like like like like like like like like like like okay like okay you know um hosting platform. If you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor it's the easiest way to make well okay okay um so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean well a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's Russian there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's Russian there's Russian there's Russian there's Russian there's Russian there's Russian there's Russian there's Russian there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's Russian tools that allow you to record I mean I mean um uh um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like so so and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer anchor will uh well I mean you know like you know like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and I mean well well okay I mean so so I mean so many many many many many many many many many many more you can actually make some money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. Listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. It's um well um like well I mean like um like everything you need need need need need need need need need need to make a podcast in one convenient location. So if so if so so so so so so so so so so if so if so if so if so if so if so if so so so so so so so so so so if you're interested you know like well well I mean well um uh uh download download download download download download download download download download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.