This is an outloud reading of one of our latest YouTube videos to find find find find find find find find find find so so well well I mean uh well you know I mean us go go go go go go go go go go to youtube.com slash read it readers or click the link in the description below. I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean okay so I mean well I mean like like like like like like like like like like like well. Thank you so much for listening. Hey everyone, and welcome back to our / / / / / / / / / / Petty I mean uh okay um I mean okay well uh okay Revenge the subreddit subreddit subreddit subreddit subreddit subreddit subreddit subreddit subreddit subreddit where people post stories of small victories over those who dared you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know like like you know I mean uh to cross them. Today's post post post post post post post post post post pick on the little girl playing paintball. Enjoy your like like um you know you know know know know know know know know know know uh I mean uh um forced. I'm out. So this happened to me years ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago to the details may so I mean so like like um um uh so be a a a a a a a a a a bit fuzzy in some parts when I was in Middle School. My uh my my my my my my my my my my uh my uh my uh my uh my uh my uh my uh my uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh my uh okay um like like well uh like um brother was just graduating graduating graduating graduating graduating graduating graduating graduating graduating graduating high school. He decided he wanted to go into the Navy well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay you know okay so like I mean well so Working with a a a a a a a a a a recruiter and events would be organized for all the new so like you know know know know know know know know know know well well well um you know you know recruits to hang out while they wait to go off to basic one. Such event was a day of paintball at a local.