All right, welcome scientists and first ever episode of The Melody our I'm your okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like okay I mean okay okay I mean like host future and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm here with a guest today Dover. He's from he's from he's from he's from he's from he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's from he's from he's from he's from he's from the skirt I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so well like well I mean and he's going to join us for for for for for for for for for for the ride on the first ever episode of so you know like so so you know know know know know know know know know know um um like Melody our little silver. How you doing? How are you you you you you you you you you you doing today? Didn't well can't I mean so well uh um well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean complain Gil. Dad. I feel bad man after day work. It's good to to to to to to to to to to just okay you know okay so um um well you know I mean come come come come come come come come come come back and relax at home. All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, so What do you think the I I I I I I I I I I mean like I mean I mean okay I mean well like I mean goal goal goal goal goal goal goal goal goal goal is for the podcast? Honestly, I honestly, I honestly, I honestly, I honestly, I I I I I I I I I I honestly, I honestly, I honestly, I honestly, I honestly, I have no idea. Let me let let let let let let let let let let me let you know I mean um okay you know uh like well well me me me me me me me me me me try to Enlighten the that a little bit. So basically so basically so so so so so so so so so so basically so basically so basically so basically so basically so basically so basically so so so so so so so so so so basically it did start out uh like like like like like like okay you know know know know know know know know know know as a meme between me and bay on the Discord server bunch of I I I I I I I I I I mean uh like so you know um you know like I mean people were just just just just just just just just just just talking about us having great voice and we should do like like well uh uh I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean uh uh I mean podcast and stuff like that. We went along with it mainly for the joke, and we ended up.