Coming to coming to coming to coming to coming to coming to coming to to to to to to to to to to coming to coming to coming to you from USL headquarters. This is still some time. Here's Here's Here's Here's Here's Here's Here's Here's Here's Here's the here's the here's the here's the here's the here's the here's the here's the here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's the here's the U s-- you know well well um like okay okay well well well well well well well well well well well L's Kelsey steel. It is it is it is it is it is it it it it it it it it it it is it is it is it is it is March 3rd of 2020 Kelsey steel steel steel steel steel steel steel steel steel steel Scott Stewart here like um you know okay um I mean so okay so so so so so so so so so so for season 2 of steal some time. It's like it's like it's like it's like it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like we blinked all of a a a a a a a a a a sudden the uh you know okay like okay I mean well so so 2020 season season season season season season season season season season is upon us. We're just days away from opening weekend. How well how how how how how how how how how how well how well how well how well how well how well how well how well well well well well well well well well well how well um um well like well like so I mean is is is is is is is is is is your off season first and foremost Scott. Do you do you do you do do do do do do do do do do you do you do you do you do you do you do you you you you you you you you you you feel kind of refreshed uh like well um okay I mean okay so so so so so so so so so so like ready to go? Just blacked out and then woke up and it was was was was was was was was was was like uh you know like I mean um like like like you know we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're about to kick off and I was like, oh good good thing I uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um well like you know um you know woke up in time. Then Then Then Then Then Then Then Then Then Then sort then sort then sort then sort then sort then sort then sort sort sort sort sort sort sort sort sort sort then sort then sort then sort of like a Sleepy Hollow thing God. I set uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so um I mean you know well um well you know my alarm. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, and I think the remnant or like the remedy was like a I mean well well well well well well well well well well okay I mean you know um uh well I mean rowdies preseason game or or or or or or or or or or something. I showed up and I was like, whoa, we're like it's you know know know know know know know know know know uh so uh okay I mean you know like um like what's happening? This is happening happening happening happening happening happening happening happening happening happening there soon as they beat Montreal. I was well you know like you know know know know know know know know know know I mean well um you know like just like yeah, we're back in the swing of of of of of of of of of of things. We are good for real uh I mean um like okay um well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know back in the swing of things were back here every single Tuesday through whatever platform you choose to follow us there whether it's I do.