Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy you know know know know know know know know know know I mean uh I mean okay well you know well um way to get you you you you you you you you you you going. All you all you all you all you all you all you all you you you you you you you you you you all you all you all you have to do is go to Anchor I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well well I mean I mean so uh okay you know dot. F m-- to to to to to to to to to to get started and you know what? It's totally it's totally it's totally it's totally it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's totally it's totally it's totally it's totally it's totally it's totally free I I I I I I I I I I mean well well I mean um well um so so just download the free free free free free free free free free free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- like okay uh you know okay you know um you know well and you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're on your way to your own podcast. You can have fun. You can uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um I mean well you know um so um talk about whatever you want want want want want want want want want want to talk about on your own podcast. You um I mean you know know know know know know know know know know well um like uh you know okay can make it by whatever you want want want want want want want want want want to make it about. It'll be yours, and you know like um uh well well well well well well well well well well okay I mean so you know it's totally free. Once again, go to the the the the the the the the the the get the anchor app. You know um um like I mean well you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so. I'll go to Anchor dot f m-- in you on your way. Good morning. Good morning. Morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning. Um I um I um I um I um I um I um um um um um um um um um um I um I um I um I mean well well so um okay you know know know know know know know know know know uh. This is Keith. Nothing from the role. Agenda. I'm about to record a segment right now that was unscheduled I think is.