Hi everyone. I'm David Green. Welcome to a special episode of the digital HR so so so so so so so so so so so well well I mean um you know I mean uh leaders podcast. HR HR HR HR HR HR HR HR HR HR doesn't just need to do digital. It needs to be digital. It's well it's well well well well well well well well well well it's well it's well it's well it's well it's well it's well it's well it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's well you know well okay okay like so um um simply has to put put put put put put put put put put another way. HR must become more digital and analytical okay okay like you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean I mean to deliver greater business value. This episode is a a a a a a a a a a break from our usual format. It features it features it features it features it it it it it it it it it it features it features it features it features it features it features uh well like so so so so so so so so so so uh well I mean you know well a panel discussion, which took place at the the the the the the the the the the recent people analytics and future like okay okay you know I mean you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like of work conference in San Francisco. The discussion the discussion the the the the the the the the the the discussion the discussion the discussion the discussion the discussion the discussion the the the the the the the the the the discussion the discussion was titled HR skills of the future you know I mean like um um um um um um um um um um like well well well well and how to develop and features Heather Whiteman who lectures lectures lectures lectures lectures lectures lectures lectures lectures lectures on people analytics at UC I mean um like okay um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well uh you know Berkeley having spent six years previously is global head of of of of of of of of of of people strategy analytics learning and well uh okay like okay I mean well I I I I I I I I I I mean so operations of judicial RJ Milner who is a global head of people people people people people people people people people people analytics boober and is I mean I mean okay so so you know know know know know know know know know know so okay well a previous guest on the show Andy and Bailey managing director of of of of of of of of of of my HR I mean like like you know well um um so um um um um um um um um um um future who previously held various roles at Cisco around workforce planning people analytics and talent acquisition operations, and I and the moderator The.