Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris ryan. Ryan Ryan Ryan Ryan Ryan Ryan Ryan Ryan Ryan. I am joined by Jason concepción Juliet well like you know uh uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know Littman and David Shoemaker and David you have before. I know I know know know know know know know know know know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know know know know know know know know know know I know that we fought the Revolutionary you know well well like you know know know know know know know know know know like so so you know War for a reason but what this country needs is a a a a a a a a a a king. Oh my God I mean okay okay I mean I mean uh um like uh now now now now now now now now now now listen. Listen, I'm listen, I'm listen, I'm listen, I'm listen, I'm listen, I'm listen, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm listen, I'm listen, I'm listen, I'm not saying we need a monarch with absolute absolute absolute absolute absolute absolute absolute absolute absolute absolute power. Uh okay so okay well well okay well so. I'm not saying we we we we we we we we we we need to go to some like Royal Dutch like diagnostic system. But um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean um um okay I mean look at England right now now now now now now now now now now how much better would our political discourse be if we so um um you you you you you you you you you you know I mean uh so uh uh would just elect the king for every like like like like like like like like like like a decade every 10 years. Like okay I mean so so so so so so so so so so so so you know um uh. Donald Trump gets to be king. But we have a like like like like like like like like like like a boring-ass technocrat. Who's so who's so who's so who's so who's so who's who's who's who's who's who's who's who's who's who's so who's so who's so who's so who's so like you know well um um um um um um um um um um I mean well I mean well They're as prime minister is actually making making making making making making making making making making the decision, right? So he's so he's so he's so he's so he's so so so so so so so so so so he's so he's so he's so he's so he's have a like so you you you you you you you you you you know I mean you know uh okay um um guy who's a guy guy guy guy guy guy guy guy guy guy or a gal whose job is to go to NASCAR races uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh like uh um um okay so and give speeches and set off. The The The The The The The The The The first fireworks on the fourth of July. If you want to figure out is what I want a figure, how did.