Hey, what's going on? Y'all? It's your host to virus. So delayed welcome back back back back back back back back back back to the like um well so like well um like uh galley dating 101 podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. We're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so so so so so so so so so so we're so we're so happy to be here with you all. Whoo. Now um so well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um so I mean uh like the Thursday another podcast. So we so we so so so so so so so so so so we so we so we so we so we so we so we so we finally got the the the the the the the the the the lovely lady back. Yes. It's been like uh okay uh okay uh like like like like like like like like like like I mean uh a while a long Hiatus, but I am back. I'm glad glad glad glad glad glad glad glad glad glad to be back. You know like like uh so uh I mean I mean okay. Okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay. Thank you guys for all your support for listening to all the podcast so um well well well well well well well well well well so so uh um okay I mean like far and don't forget to And suggestions, suggestions, suggestions, suggestions, suggestions, suggestions, suggestions, suggestions, suggestions, suggestions, we love getting feedback and getting suggestions um um I mean okay so I I I I I I I I I I mean um like like as far as what podcast you would guys would like to to to to to to to to to to hear what topics okay like well like so uh well uh okay you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd like us to discuss. So we are in mind that if you are I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um so I mean so like I mean I mean sending suggestions suggestions suggestions suggestions suggestions suggestions suggestions suggestions suggestions suggestions that there that you are not the only person right sending I mean so so like like like like like like like like like like I mean I mean you know so like suggestion. So please so please so please please please please please please please please please please so please so please so please so please so please so please so please don't think you're being ignored. There are one too many emails and DMS to respond to.