What's up, welcome to the trekking podcast. I'm Patrick sweet. I'm Michael shermer. Shermer Shermer Shermer Shermer Shermer Shermer Shermer Shermer Shermer. I'm I mean well well uh um uh you know okay you know Parker link link link link link link link link link link and this episode we talk about Lego Masters new movies and brainstorming well so so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know well okay you know well title ideas for the podcast which we eventually figured figured figured figured figured figured figured figured figured figured out. So sit back relax I mean like okay okay well okay well like well and and and and and and and and and and enjoy too. As we as we as we as we as we as we as as as as as as as as as as we as we as we as we all take a little sip. Yeah. We hope that that that that that that that that that that you um well okay uh like so I mean well okay have some kind of of of of of of of of of of beverage with you. You can sip along with yes up along I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh I mean well well I mean with us with we got got got got got got got got got got the doc you Pepe's answer. That's what we're like uh I mean like you you you you you you you you you you know well okay like well rocking as the beverage of the night. It's our our our our our our our our our our day off tonight. We usually we usually we usually we usually we usually we we we we we we we we we we usually we usually we usually we usually we usually I mean okay like okay like like like like like like like like like like well uh like well watch a Lego Masters on this night, but mmm that's some some some some some some some some some some corals with Langley so you know like like well well okay so like Master Lego masters. Masters Masters Masters Masters Masters Masters Masters Masters Masters. So background on Lego Masters, it was we watching the Super bowl. Like uh like like like like like like like like like like okay uh like um you know um. It was the Chief versus the the the the the the the the the the And this one might have heard well well um you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh okay of it. I don't know if you guys saw the game Chiefs won. She's won. Yeah, she's spoiler.