Keep it up permanently. Let me tell you something. You already know the world ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't all okay you know I mean you know okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um sunshine and rainbows. It's a very mean and nasty place and I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't care so so you know um well so like like uh how tough you are. Are are are are are are are are are. It will beat you to your knees and keep you there you know okay like like like like like like like like like like I mean well well uh uh okay permanently. If you let it you me me me me me me me me me me or nobody is gonna hit as hard okay uh um like I mean okay I I I I I I I I I I mean okay uh as life, but it ain't about how hard you hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit it's about how hard okay um okay you know uh well uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you can get hit and keep moving forward how much you can take and and and and and and and and and and keep okay I mean um so um so okay okay like moving forward. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's how winning is done. Well, if you know what you're worth like so so so so so so so so so so so I mean you know so you know okay uh then go out and get get get get get get get get get get what you're worth. But you gotta be willing to take I mean um I I I I I I I I I I mean so uh well I mean so well the hits and not pointing fingers fingers fingers fingers fingers fingers fingers fingers fingers fingers saying you ain't where you wanna be because um you know like so I mean um um um um um um um um um um okay like uh of him or her or anybody cowards do that. And that ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't you you better than uh so okay um you know uh well um like that. That that that that that that that that that. It's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward. Yo. Yo yo, it's your boy Evan. Those were little bit of words from Rocky.