Hello there before we get started on today's episode. I'd like to ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask a uh you know you know you know so um I mean um uh short short short short short short short short short short favor. If you're interested in either of the two books that I have you know know know know know know know know know know so you know like so uh okay you know uh written and I'm about to to to to to to to to to to release head on over to my website at okay okay um like okay so I I I I I I I I I I mean you know so the anxious truth.com books there. You can you can you can you you you you you you you you you you can you can you can you can you can you can you can learn about about about about about about about about about about both books one of well like like so you know so you know so so so so so so so so so so uh which is free and you can get on my mailing list to be notified when when when when when when when when when when uh like I mean you know you know I mean well like like each book book book book book book book book book book is released and how you can get it. I would really appreciate I mean well well well well well well well well well well I mean you know uh you know like um well that. Okay, let's get rolling. What What What What What What What What What What is up, dudes and dudettes Drew here from like okay well I mean well well well well well well well well well well well well you know uh the anxious truth? Welcome to episode. What is is is is is is is is is is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is is is is is is is is is is what is what is this episode 98 of well you know like um um um um um um um um um um um you know uh I mean you know the podcast if to left to get to to to to to to to to to to a hundred. I'm trying to well um like like well I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean arrange a special guest to be on the hundredth episode. I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't know if I mean so um um I mean like okay like uh it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's going to work out but I'm trying but that's good. It's going to um um you you you you you you you you you you know okay so um um so well be in a couple of weeks. Weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks. So I'm going to rant a little like uh so uh uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so Bit and this one which is fine. I guess you guys are kind of used to me doing that. Anyway,.