three two one The button get everybody welcome back to paddle cast very very you you you you you you you you you you know uh okay I mean well so okay okay you know excited. It's 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 Towers weekend. And we've got one of the finest ocean paddlers in um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um uh um so you know so well the world here in the suppressor Studio Studio Studio Studio Studio Studio Studio Studio Studio Studio we welcome today the reigning Molokai to I mean I mean okay um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh okay Oahu grand champion and probably one of the best foilers in in in in in in in in in in the world. He does uh well so okay you know so okay okay well well well well well well well well well well a bit of everything. But the but the but the but the but the the the the the the the the the the but the but the but the but the but the reason we wanted to chat with him today today today today today today today today today today is like you know I mean I mean okay I mean okay you know well well well well well well well well well well not just because he's a champion off the water, but he's done some amazing things uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so like I mean you know uh you know uh so off the water over over over over over over over over over over the past couple of years James Casey. Welcome to Studio, mate. Like like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like uh you know. Yeah, good. Thanks for having me. So I'm going to to to to to to to to to to get here. So you'd In the like uh I mean like uh um um so well well well well well well well well well well Flesh. Yes. Yeah ready for the bit of wind coming on the weekend 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 well you know um you know like like uh okay so towers are good. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I'm really excited. It was looking not so good about so like so I I I I I I I I I I mean okay um uh okay I mean seven days ago and the forecast is is is is is is is is is is swung around and they grinding going to well um okay okay you know you you you you you you you you you you know uh well so be fun. I think I hope so. Well, the pressure was kind of on you if we got the forecast wrong because you.