The last Factor podcast what is up college lacrosse fans, you're watching the 88th 88th 88th 88th 88th 88th 88th 88th 88th 88th episode uh uh like like like I mean uh like so of the the the the the the the the the the lacks Factor La Crosse podcast. Today is today is today is today is today today today today today today today today today today is today is today is today is today is today is the weekend preview preview preview preview preview preview preview preview preview preview show. We are we are we are we are we are we are we are are are are are are are are are are we are we are we are like I mean I mean you know know know know know know know know know know well you know um so uh going to talk about a boatload of La La La La La La La La La La Crosse. We're going to talk Villanova at Penn you know okay you know well well well well well well well well well well I mean like you know well I mean Georgetown at Towson, Hofstra, Ohio State Stoneybrook Stoneybrook Stoneybrook Stoneybrook Stoneybrook Stoneybrook Stoneybrook Stoneybrook Stoneybrook Stoneybrook at Bryant Denver at Notre Dame Duke uh I mean like uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um uh um at Loyola cuse at Hopkins Rutgers at Princeton Albany at maryland. Maryland Maryland Maryland Maryland Maryland Maryland Maryland Maryland Maryland. Yell at yell at yell at yell at yell at yell at yell at yell yell yell yell yell yell yell yell yell yell at yell at yell at Michigan okay well okay um you know well uh you you you you you you you you you you know um Penn State at Cornell. It is a lot of Lacrosse to sneak into into into into into into into into into into this show here okay like I mean so okay I mean well well okay before before before before before before before before before before I get into it as always be sure to like subscribe hit the the the the the the the the the the notification so okay uh well I mean uh um um like Bell and then go go go go go go go go go go to lacks factor.com. You can get yourself some swag t-shirts. Like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean I mean uh um like. We have all sorts of of of of of of of of of of t-shirts and we're building on that every single day and then so um you know so so so so so so so so so so I mean like um I mean well a little bit from our sponsor sideline swap swap swap swap swap swap swap swap swap swap best place by far uh like I mean uh so so so so so so so so so so so so well okay to buy and sell La Crosse gear hard to find college gear pre-owned heads shafts helmets and more up to 70% off. So go to sideline swap.com.