Stack Master. Hi and welcome to the intro to Royce John's. Hey Seth. Hey Dustin, you you you you you you you you you you know um so like like um I mean you know um what's up? Not Not Not Not Not Not Not Not Not Not much. How has how has how has how has how has how has how has how how how how how how how how how how has how has how has your week been? It's Monday. So I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know so you know like uh well you know I mean uh so far. Far far far far far far far far far. It's been okay, it's been okay. Well then well, we haven't talked to um I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean um like um like okay so since last week. Hey we've texted. All All All All All All All All All All that. Yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but they don't hear you know you know uh okay like like like like like like like like like like uh okay you know um the tax that can't read that this is we're talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking to these people. We're not we're not we're not we're not we're not we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're not we're not we're not we're not we're not I uh well um um um um um um um um um um so well uh well like um don't think they want to read some of of of of of of of of of of the stuff that we say. Well so like like uh I mean I mean um um um um um um um um um um so. Oh, we did go to Peace Tree. Yeah, we did go to piece. That That That That That That That That That That was pretty cool. Um you know you know you know well um um so well. Well well well well well well well well well. We got to see some amazing album artwork artists. Yeah. It was really cool. Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh okay okay I mean so well uh well so. Music had some good beer. Yeah. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. We got to speak to the artists and hint hint. There might be an episode with.