Welcome back to the Vagabond views. We have a thin crowd tonight. It is is is is is is is is is is well I mean well uh well like like um uh right now. It is me Jared Jared Jared Jared Jared Jared Jared Jared Jared Jared and Gabe the original crew. We have local I mean well you know uh you you you you you you you you you you know well um so okay bartender Courtney Nance coming through later today. But until she she she she she she she she she she gets here it is just so uh um okay like you know I mean so so so so so so so so so so you know yo boys. Did you feel I'd say a pretty we're back to to to to to to to to to to the uh okay I mean like like like so you know you know back back back back back back back back back back to the roots. We're going back to her Roots. I'd say I'd you know know know know know know know know know know so so I mean well uh like like you know say The Boys Are Are Are Are Are Are Are Are Are Are Back In Town. That's another good way to say. Yeah, I'd um well so so so so so so so so so so I mean like like um well um say that the dogs are who let the the the the the the the the the the Dogs Out Request would um well so um so like okay like you know you say say say say say say say say say say that I wouldn't have chosen to say it myself but but you're you know know know know know know know know know know like okay well well um okay so like okay with you need okay? Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, as long as you're with me saying that I'm like so well like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh so gonna hate it always support your right to see random things. Things things things things things things things things things. I support well okay well uh well I mean um um uh my right right right right right right right right right right to party and you always you got to fight for that right? Sure. It's well um um um um um um um um um um so well you know so like okay you know what I've always heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard always said it to live lives. I'm concerned this town one word that's built on rock and roll.