For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by teach data, we we we we we we we we we we I mean um I mean okay okay um okay okay uh save teachers hours each week week week week week week week week week week by bringing them quality downloadable teaching resources for um so okay you know okay so I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean so their classrooms to make your classroom Buzz go to teach teach teach teach teach teach teach teach teach teach starter.com. Hey teachers for on like uh well well I mean uh so so you know know know know know know know know know know here. Thanks so much for listening to For the Love of teaching. Please rate please rate rate rate rate rate rate rate rate rate rate please rate please rate please rate please rate please rate please rate please please please please please please please please please please rate please rate and I mean like like you know like like well well um um um um um um um um um um review us any Apple podcast app and help us to reach more teachers teachers teachers teachers teachers teachers teachers teachers teachers teachers gears. Like so um okay uh okay okay I mean like. Have you heard of of of of of of of of of of the daily? 5 Ali is a passionate teacher who is you know okay um you you you you you you you you you you know I mean well you know um so has used this source and program program program program program program program program program program to engage in Delight how beautiful students she's a well um like so like like like like like like like like like like okay I mean so I mean huge fan of the daily 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 and she documents her students learnings on her so so like um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know uh so Instagram page the young educator Ali says this program has been a a a a a a a a a a game-changer well I mean like uh I mean I mean like okay like for for for for for for for for for for her and her students. My students came to school on the second okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so um I mean like you know day and they were like, when when when when when when when when when when are we doing daily 5 and that for me um you know so I mean like like like like like like like like like like okay like okay okay I was just sold so I knew it was worth it. It it it it it it it it it. Welcome Ellie. Thank you I mean okay okay you know so uh uh okay okay so so so so so so so so so so much for joining me on for the love of teaching. I'm so excited to be here. Yay.