What's up, everybody Anton curly here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to to to to to to to to to to the I mean I mean okay okay uh okay um uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay podcast in today's episode. We're going to talk about what products you should not not not not not not not not not not drop I mean well uh um like uh um you know you know ship now now now now now now now now now now when you're doing research and you're looking to get into e-commerce okay well um um um um um um um um um um um uh you know uh you know like or build a new store or launch launch launch launch launch launch launch launch launch launch a new product line. There are you know well like like um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean three different levels of where you want to research to make sure you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're choosing the okay well um I mean um um so so you know right products. Products products products products products products products products products. Now, the first level is the niche level. That's the that's the that's the the the the the the the the the the that's the that's the that's the that's the that's the that's the that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's the highest one, right? What uh so well well I mean you know uh okay I I I I I I I I I I mean type of products do you want to sell and after you lock? Didn't you you you you you you you you you you you know so um uh you know so you know okay you know know know know know know know know know know want to move to the supplier level and make sure that the suppliers suppliers suppliers suppliers suppliers suppliers suppliers suppliers suppliers suppliers you're finding you know like I mean so uh well you know like okay are are are are are are are are are are ones. You actually want to work with if you want to make money doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing uh I mean like well well like I mean like you know this and then then then then then then then then then then finally the deepest level is the product level. So what so what so what so so so so so so so so so so what so what so what so what so what so what so what I'm going uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so you know well I mean well I mean well to share with you you you you you you you you you you in this podcast is what to look for at all three levels I mean well well well well well well well well well well like like um so like okay um to make sure you're not wasting your time. Time time time time time time time time time. If you decide to build okay uh uh you know I mean like okay so like like like like like like like like like like one of these stores and actually build a real business now before we get get get get get get get get get get I mean you know well um um like so I mean I mean into into into into into into into into into into it, I should let you know that if this all sounds good to you and you're looking to build your very own highly profitable semi-automated.