Hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm world-famous actor / Entertainer Kevin Bacon after putting putting putting putting putting putting putting putting putting putting my career first for three uh well so well um you know like well you you you you you you you you you you know decades. I've isolated myself that for what what's the point of being being being being being being being being being being six degrees um like like so you know um okay so so from everyone if all all all all all all all all all all you really want is a best friend. Well, I well, I well, I I I I I I I I I I well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I have have have have have have have have have have so well well you know so um well okay like finally found someone. I I I I I I I I I I have a true bond with Randy best low. I don't I don't I I I I I I I I I I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I I I I I I I I I I don't think uh like I mean I mean uh like well you know like anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone could ever ruin our friendship. I ran deepest low. We'll kill Kevin bacon. Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon. He so he so he so he so he so he so he so he so so so so so so so so so so he so he so okay so you know I mean okay uh um um um um um um um um um um I mean stole what should have been my life previously on the last degree of of of of of of of of of of Kevin bacon. Well well so okay uh okay well well I mean. This wasn't the the the the the the the the the the Kevin Bacon. I'd imagine killing for all those years. He was well okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um like okay so well just some boring guy Rani gave me the right sir, Frog Frog Frog Frog Frog Frog Frog Frog Frog Frog and Toad kevin. You know you know well you know you know uh you know um well. Well well well well well well well well well. Somehow made this it would take his career Kevin. You have to make this movie movie movie movie movie movie movie movie movie movie uh well you know like I mean so you know uh um um um um um um um um um um Jeff. I need I need I need I need I need I need I need need need need need need need need need need I need I need I need you to go to the Staples Center and pick pick pick pick pick pick pick pick pick pick up the U-Haul. I left I left I left I left I left I left I left I left I left I left there something.