Hello and welcome to chakra balancing for weight loss a podcast where we explore explore explore explore explore explore explore explore explore explore well so um uh uh okay uh I mean so how the chakra system can can can can can can can can can can help you change your mind to change your uh like you know uh you know know know know know know know know know know um like like okay body to change your life. Hi everybody. How's it going? I am am am am am am am am am am doing great. It's kind well so so like well um uh I mean so of of of of of of of of of of weird. I normally record on Fridays but this week I'm recording on a okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean I mean so I mean okay okay um Wednesday because I've been traveling traveling traveling traveling traveling traveling traveling traveling traveling traveling a little bit and now I'm confused as to what you know like like like like like like like like like like uh like you know okay so uh you know day it is because I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm doing all my normal Friday things on Wednesday. Does I mean like um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh you know um you know that ever happen to you? I I I I I I I I I I think it's so funny. You know like you think like okay you know know know know know know know know know know okay like so well I mean I mean like all day. It's Tuesday and then you discover discover discover discover discover discover discover discover discover discover that it's actually Thursday. Anyway, that's well you know I mean you know like you you you you you you you you you you know okay so like just what's happening in my world today. We're carrying on. With our our our our our our our our our our with our with our with our with our with our with our with our with with with with with with with with with with our with our deep like um so I mean um you know like uh like dive dive dive dive dive dive dive dive dive dive series solar plexus time solar plexus chakra Deep dive. We are we are we we we we we we we we we we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are going to talk.