Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello and hello and hello and welcome to the optional podcast episode number 197 for the week uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean um uh you know well like I mean of March 2nd 2020. 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020. The optional podcast is a show all about the latest in you know well well well well well well well well well well well well um um um um I mean video games and entertainment recorded each. Week from New New New New New New New New New New York City and bounce around I mean uh okay like uh um you you you you you you you you you you know so um cables and satellites all around the world and right into a listening device device device device device device device device device device of okay I mean like like you know so like well well well well well well well well well well well choice. As always. I'm Paula to my oh and this week we got to to to to to to to to to to change like like okay okay okay um like uh um the copy but but but but but but but but but but what my one and only co-host is back. Yeah brizard yeah brizard yeah brizard yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah brizard yeah brizard yeah brizard yeah brizard yeah brizard yeah brizard yeah brizard like Chase Chase Chase Chase Chase Chase Chase Chase Chase Chase Carter so you know so like well um so you know I mean in in in in in in in in in in the house. Yeah, you know, they could Chase for being here - out to to to to to to to to to to so I mean well well you know okay you know I mean well chase you you you you you you you you you you guys that was a really good episode. Yeah, man. Thanks to chase chase chase chase chase chase chase chase chase chase again uh okay so well so well you know um I mean for yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah step in there. It was it was dope to hear the show and so so so so so so so so so so um so I mean uh like so okay um just like listen, enjoy. Nice. Yeah. He didn't fuck up too bad now.