You're listening to the wax pack hero sports card menu a podcast where we we we we we we we we we we you know okay I mean uh okay I mean I mean so um discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss both the Hobby and business sides of collecting. I'm your host Mike summer, and I I I I I I I I I I you know well well so you know like like uh uh want to help you you you you you you you you you you buy sell and trade your way into a collection you'll love. Well so well so so so so so so so so so so well so well so well so well so well so well so well so so so so so so so so so so well so um uh you know okay I mean so like. Hello everybody and and and and and and and and and and thank you for joining me for another episode today. I want to ask like like like like like like like like like like well um um okay um you know okay um you a question. Do you do you do do do do do do do do do do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you you you you you you you you you you enjoy collecting cards? No really if the whole card um I mean uh um um um um um um um um um um you know um like um so industry went away. Do you do do do do do do do do do do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you you you you you you you you you you do you think your life would be better or worse? I think if I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean so uh like I mean uh um you really stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop and think about it and honest answer for some of you would I I I I I I I I I I mean um um like like so like you know well be yes, I'd be better off off off off off off off off off off if it all went away and for others you. So well so well so so so so so so so so so so well so well so well so well so well so well so well so well well well well well well well well well well well um like well I mean uh you know. Fathom a fathom a fathom a fathom fathom fathom fathom fathom fathom fathom fathom fathom fathom a fathom a fathom a fathom a fathom a fathom a fathom a life without cards regardless of what your answer was to that question. I want to.