Good morning. Happy humans. I'm stoked that you're joining me this morning for today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's in so uh like like well uh I mean like like conversation episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode with creative entrepreneur Zach white. This episode is all things travel during chasing um um um um um um um um um um okay you know you know I mean uh uh like so an action taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking I'm excited to dive deep into Zach's unique lifestyle and to find well I I I I I I I I I I mean uh well uh you know uh so um out what creative plans he is. Is is is is is is is is is. Currently he currently has Brewing you you know I mean well okay like I I I I I I I I I I mean um so I mean may have previously known Zach is one of of of of of of of of of of one of the OG Neverland boys a you know uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know well like um group of creatives who were traveling. And documenting documenting documenting documenting documenting documenting documenting documenting documenting documenting and documenting and documenting and documenting and documenting and documenting and documenting and documenting documenting documenting documenting documenting documenting documenting documenting documenting documenting and documenting and documenting Eternal youth that sounds amazing to me. Welcome well um um um um um um um um um um um um like okay so well uh to the podcast Zach a Georgia. Thanks for having having having having having having having having having having me. So Zach and I like so um um you know you know so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay actually met at Sanda coffee. That's probably where we meet. A lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of people these days. Well well so well so I mean like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like. Yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you should Park ourselves off when our laptops and a a a a a a a a a a lot of people come I mean okay okay like okay like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so through and sort of asked what we're doing and get Chapman figure out. You You You You You You You You You You you know so like you know I mean um so I mean okay got a a a a a a a a a a few things in common. And here we are here we are. Yeah pretty much part of the furniture down there so little shout-out to.