In today's episode featuring Lenny and fail in you might hear something like I I I I I I I I I I mean you know like well I mean um um I mean like this. Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, you want to know why my brain doesn't work, right if you you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so you know okay okay um I mean okay text K out there, how dare you I I I I I I I I I I thought we weren't using the word Crazy like well I mean okay I mean you know know know know know know know know know know like okay I mean Light it on fire watch it there and we're reclaiming crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy during a manic. I was uh um okay you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well you know like braised. I hate you. Don't leave me who came up with with with with with with with with with with this list given on so okay okay um I mean you know like um um um um um um um um um um you know the bird. I love 7-Eleven my childhood should I sit on on on on on on on on on on this couch and well well I mean well like you know okay okay okay recline you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're reacting to literally everything through borderline. But I love friends. I'm Monica Geller um um um um um um um um um um uh so like I mean so so I mean like and I hate it it it it it it it it it it but I've accepted it album coming soon everybody. Hi and welcome you know I I I I I I I I I I mean um um okay um uh like you know to my side of crazy. Crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy. My name my name my name my name my name my name my name name name name name name name name name name my name my name my name is Shelby tweetin and I'm failing Villa Villa Villa Villa Villa Villa Villa Villa Villa Villa um you know uh so uh you know okay you know well dough and we we we we we we we we we we have a show for you. Any you're supposed to introduce yourself know that um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know okay like like so like I was supposed to introduce myself there. I'm sorry. Okay. I'm on the mic today. So we are on the.