Hello my friends and welcome to episode number 13 of the more, you know podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. This like this like this like this like this like this like this like this like like like like like like like like like like this like this like uh um I mean like okay okay um uh is no no no no no no no no no no l am speaking. And today. I'm going to talk about giving up Perfection Perfection Perfection Perfection Perfection Perfection Perfection Perfection Perfection Perfection uh you know you know well uh so okay like uh or this idea of perfection perfection perfection perfection perfection perfection perfection perfection perfection perfection for progress. And for peace. I think I think that it's well like like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like okay I mean like it's where we find peace when we accept that. That that that that that that that that that. We are imperfect like Just like so I mean uh well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um okay it's The Human Condition. I want you to know that every single single single single single single single single single single person you know like you know I mean okay you know okay um well well well well well well well well well well on planet Earth is not getting it. All right, all right, all all all all all all all all all all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, all right, they may look like they're like so um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay so like getting it right because there's maybe one facet of their their their their their their their their their their life that they're really focused okay I mean I mean okay okay you you you you you you you you you you know so you know I mean on and really paying a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of attention to but I'm gonna guarantee you know I mean like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um so well so like seriously, I'm gonna guarantee that there's other parts of their their their their their their their their their their lives that are sacrificing because of it, right I look at life now is.