Welcome to the science and spirituality podcast where we dive deep into Universal spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual so I mean well like so um uh like uh principles and ground them them them them them them them them them them in modern science. My name is Chris Gardner. My name so you know okay like like like like like like like like like like you know uh so so uh is Kevin Clarke. We are committed to simplifying the spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual side of successful with easy so so you know uh um um um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um to understand scientific research. So you can walk away with practical tools to create create create create create create create create create create um so so well you know you know okay uh I mean radical transformations in in in in in in in in in in your life. Let's get started. Looking forward to this episode okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like you know so like I mean okay uh and also having having having having having having having having having having a new guest here. Yeah, and so our special guest today I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean so okay uh um I mean uh well is Julie householder who who who who who who who who who who is a life coach and a biofield healing immersion practitioner you know well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean okay okay okay um and she also happens to be my girlfriend. Girlfriend girlfriend girlfriend girlfriend girlfriend girlfriend girlfriend girlfriend girlfriend. So it's going to be a fun I mean like okay I mean you know know know know know know know know know know like so I mean well episode. Oh, yeah. Um, but yeah, so we wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to talk about the topic of I mean I mean okay I mean so um so so so so so so so so so so okay I mean forgiveness. Do you want to start it off cab sure forgiveness. I want to First paint the picture of what I understood forgiveness as before.