Oh, can you put a little bit of Honey mix fit to give give give give give give give give give give our yeah, I you know like um like uh uh okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh know did you know that when milk is start again when milk has like uh like like like like like like like like like like I mean you know uh okay okay so come out of the cow. Cow cow cow cow cow cow cow cow cow. They died a white because there's pus and blood you know like okay okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh in it and your stroke still drinking cow's milk. Your mom will will will will will will will will will will okay so like okay you know uh I mean so I mean join to to to to to to to to to to do that is disgusting. I've tried like almond milk was just isn't there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's well uh uh I mean I mean okay well um um almond produce milk. What What What What What What What What What What breasts do you squeeze? Not this? Smells good smells good smells good smells good smells smells smells smells smells smells smells smells smells smells good smells good smells good smells good smells good smells good doesn't like I I I I I I I I I I mean you know so like you know well okay like matter coconut milk is a a a a a a a a a a thing. No could do that. Coconut milk coconut coconut um okay like um um um um um um um um um um um like okay like I mean milk coconut water discussed. How can I was was was was was was was was was was absolutely vile? And I and I and I and I and I and I I I I I I I I I I and I and I and I and I don't know you know you know well well well well well well well well well well well well so like uh well why people eat it. So drink is it actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually tastes like Bean Juice that she uh like um like so like I I I I I I I I I I mean well uh would it's disgusting. Do you know what the problem is what what what what what what what what what what you I don't well like so well like um okay well um think think think think think think think think think think I'm a problem. I think you're the problem. Just leave the cars. We've been been been been been been been been been been uh uh um um uh well you know like okay drinking cow milk since day one not supposed to drink cow. Mel was supposed to drink her mum's milk.