What's up, guys? It is Cody Wynn with the faith growth podcast. I hope I I I I I I I I I I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I I I I I I I I I I hope y'all are well you know like like I mean well okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay growing in your faith some from this thing before I even introduced Matthew, so so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know you know like I mean so uh don't say anything yet yet yet yet yet yet yet yet yet yet Matthew because I haven't introduced yet. Yeah, smash the well well I mean um um um um um um um um um um well uh so uh okay Subscribe button. If you loved us then that would be be be be be be be be be be so sweet okay uh you know well uh well I mean uh so of you. You you you you you you you you you. If you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if if if if if if if if if if you if you could smash the Subscribe button, it means a lot to to to to to to to to to to like uh well uh you know you know you know so so us and it gets gets gets gets gets gets gets gets gets gets the message out to more people with the way I mean okay um um like well okay well well well well well well well well well well okay the algorithm works. Anyways now, anyways now, anyways now, anyways now, anyways now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, anyways now, anyways now, anyways now, anyways now, anyways now, let me introduce my my my my my my my my my my lovely co-host Matthew. What's up, dude? so well you know uh uh okay uh so so so so so so so so so so like Good man, great. Uh-huh. All right, and you'll work on this entry. We We We We We We We We We We need I mean well you know okay so uh so so uh to do something something something something something something something something something something about that, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all are probably the power just okay you know you you you you you you you you you you know so like um well um um like I'm a skip to 20 seconds. Seconds seconds seconds seconds seconds seconds seconds seconds seconds. Yeah, I was good. So yeah, today's like so like okay okay um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh topic. We are still on our demonic Church teaching series and we we we we we we we we we we have covered quite uh so like I mean I mean so okay you you you you you you you you you you know um a few here and we are going to cover today another one of of of of of of of of of of legalism. We're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going to discuss legalism and the.