Hey, this is Marc a Altman if you enjoying listening to us, imagine how how how how how how how how how how entertaining um I mean um uh so so okay um um will be when when when when when when when when when when you are watching us. Now. You can watch the 4:30 movie with like I mean well well well well well well well well well well I mean I mean you know uh so you know Steven watching Darren Doctrine Ashley Miller Miller Miller Miller Miller Miller Miller Miller Miller Miller and me Mark a Altman every day on electric. Now. Well well uh okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay well. How do you get electric now? You download distro TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV stir TV Zumo TV and like so I mean um like so um well like soon soon soon soon soon soon soon soon soon soon the electric now app and you just have to pick one. You so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay um okay like um you know don't have to have all all all all all all all all all all your not them all of them, but it helps um I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well uh okay uh okay and you can watch us on the Electric now channel don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't miss us as so well you know like I mean like uh so I I I I I I I I I I mean we bring you the 4:30 movie in your house in person. Hey, this hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, this um I mean like um I mean you know so I mean like is is is is is is is is is is Marc a Altman from Inglorious trucks birds in the 4:30 movie. And if and if and and and and and and and and and and if and if and if and if and if and if and if and and and and and and and and and and if you're I mean um well um well okay well um you know a James Bond fan, fan, fan, fan, fan, fan, fan, fan, fan, fan, you want to pick up my new book Nobody Does it so well like like like like like like like like like like well okay well I mean you know I mean Better the complete uncensored oral oral oral oral oral oral oral oral oral oral history of James Bond and spy Mania. It's okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well like like like uh well a hefty Tom and it's available. Now wherever you purchase books audiobooks and digital check it out and I will.