Speak to me Universal or this might be the greatest song title In the history history history history history history history history history history of song I mean okay so you know um you know so so so so so so so so so so so uh titles. It is it is it is it is it is it is is is is is is is is is is it is it is it is it is the horse hustle and the hustlers whore. Whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore. Ah, I mean give me I mean like okay you know well well well well well well well well well well um you know uh like a better song title than that. That's poetic. It's from from from from from from from from from from PJ Harvey on for 2000 like okay so I mean okay like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh album stories from the city stories from the sea. It's also a number for for for for for for for for for for 31. I mean okay uh like well well okay uh you know. One out of of of of of of of of of of five hundred on the Spotify. Orig the orig the orig the orig the orig the the the the the the the the the the orig the orig the orig the orig the orig the 500 with Josh Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam me like um well so uh I mean like okay um Myers, but me the the the the the the the the the the king cut doogal. Thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank you thank you thank you thank you guys for joining me you know so like like like like like like like like like like well um well well um so on the only podcast that is going through Rolling Rolling Rolling Rolling Rolling Rolling Rolling Rolling Rolling Rolling Stone Magazine's list of the I mean um like um I mean like you know know know know know know know know know know okay well 500 Greatest Albums down to one. There are times that I look over over over over over over over over over over this you know uh uh um okay uh so uh okay list to see see see see see see see see see see what's coming up and I get excited because I'm like, oh I heard about this artist. I heard about this record and I I.