Pea pod people engineer Adam here jumping in for a quick second to okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well so well okay I mean uh so let you know about the brand-new all-in-one all-in-one all-in-one all-in-one all-in-one all-in-one all-in-one all-in-one all-in-one all-in-one platform for all of you creative podcasters out there. Uh okay uh like um um um um um um um um um um well um um like. Anchor makes it easier than ever to make a podcast. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's free to use and um like like okay I mean uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like has all the creation tools. You need you need you need you need you you you you you you you you you you need you need you need you need you need you need to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from okay well well so um I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay your phone or computer plus anchor will get your podcast set up on on on on on on on on on on Apple Spotify uh um you know like like well so you know you know know know know know know know know know know Stitcher wherever podcasts are found even better Anchor helps you connect with sponsors, even even even even even even even even even even if uh I mean like like uh uh um I mean uh you're just just just just just just just just just just starting out. It's the it's the it's the it's the it's the it's the it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's the it's the it's the it's the perfect choice for podcasters. So make sure to to to to to to to to to to check well so like okay uh uh um I mean I mean it out out out out out out out out out out download the free anchor a poor. Go to go to go to go to to to to to to to to to to go to go to go to go to go to go to Anchor dot. F F F F F F F F F F m-- to get so um well uh you know okay you know okay like started. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's a and C hor dot f m-- back to the show. Consequence podcast Network Hello Party People Leo Phillips here with this must be the.