Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the days conversation today. We're going to to to to to to to to to to be talking about taking control. Per like well so so so I mean okay like so se se se se se se se se se se taking control of our emotions, but the big question is how do we we we we we we we we we we uh okay well okay uh so well um well take control of our emotions? Here's the the the the the the the the the the thing. There are multiple ways that can kick like uh I mean well well well well well well well well well well like um I mean I mean like you down. Right but we're going to to to to to to to to to to talk about two of those well I mean I mean so I mean like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so important points right now. And that's your physiology and your mindset physiology being being being being being being being being being being the science I mean like well okay like you know like you know like of of of of of of of of of of life. It is the branch of the biology that deals with the normal functions so so so so so so so so so so you know okay well well you know uh well like of a living organism and and and and and and and and and and its parts. But in but in but in but in but in but in but but but but but but but but but but in but in but in but in this sense, what we're going to be uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um um you know so uh um talking about is how refers refers refers refers refers refers refers refers refers refers to your emotions and how it is an extension of okay I mean um um um um um um um um um um like like so like you know I mean You feel emotions are described many many many many many many many many many many ways. You know me. We have happiness sadness anger like like I mean okay like like like like like like like like like like um okay so well and fear which and there are others of course, course, course, course, course, course, course, course, course, course, but those are kind of the main um so uh um you know I mean well well well well well well well well well well so so ones. We think we think we think we think we think we we we we we we we we we we think we think we think we think we think these emotions are born in our mind mind mind mind mind mind mind mind mind mind sometime but most of the time and a lot of times it's not it's just.