Have you been looking for a way to start a podcast? If so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, look you know okay so so well um like like well no no no no no no no no no no further. If you haven't heard of anchor it's the easiest way to make I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um um okay um you know um I mean well a podcast. Literally it's free. Free free free free free free free free free. There's no monthly minimum. You don't you don't you don't you don't you don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't have to pay to host host host host host host host host host host um I mean like you know um uh so so you know your content. There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's creation tools that allows you to record and edit your podcast like okay you you you you you you you you you you know like okay like you know I mean I mean right from your your your your your your your your your your phone or computer an anchor will distribute your podcast for you. Well you know so so so so so so so so so so I mean well um I mean okay so. So you don't have to to to to to to to to to to mindlessly or in the Sleep host your RSS feed to you know you know you you you you you you you you you you know well okay well like um like Spotify and apple and everywhere else. They'll They'll They'll They'll They'll They'll They'll They'll They'll They'll do it for you and you can make um um I mean uh okay you know know know know know know know know know know um okay so money. I'm your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything that that that that that that that that that that you want in uh you know um okay um you know um so um um um um um um um um um um a podcast in one place. You have something to say you want to get it it it it it it it it it it out. Well um well well um you know okay I mean okay. You want you you you you you you you you you you want you want you want you want you want you want you want you you you you you you you you you you want you want to write a note just upload and turn on your anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app um so uh well okay I mean like so so on your phone and and and and and and and and and and hit record and save notes to your library to upload to future okay uh I I I I I I I I I I mean um I mean uh uh well like episodes download the free anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.