Okay. Okay, Monday March 2nd 2020 Teleperformance the yard, this is your clo Francisco Francisco Francisco Francisco Francisco Francisco Francisco Francisco Francisco Francisco Lara like I mean so so okay well uh well well Cisco Kid metal. Whoa. Whoa Whoa Whoa Whoa Whoa Whoa Whoa Whoa Whoa. Um we want to share with you guys the Jack Welsh uh like you you you you you you you you you you know okay like um uh I mean um passed away. He was he was he he he he he he he he he he was he was he was he was he was he was he was he was the the the the the the the the the the chairman and CEO of General Electric an amazing person you know well so well well well well well well well well well well uh like okay uh uh with a beautiful leadership. His leadership was base is is is is is is is is is is all about your team. It's um okay um okay so like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well all about the people you put together. I want to take advantage of this this this this this this this this this this like you know well okay I mean like I mean so okay to share with with with with with with with with with with you guys. The fact the fact the fact the fact the fact fact fact fact fact fact fact fact fact fact the fact the fact the fact the fact the fact that I am part of of of of of of of of of of Lucky's que. I mean uh like uh I mean uh so well so. Ahora El Colombiano Colombiano Colombiano Colombiano Colombiano Colombiano Colombiano Colombiano Colombiano Colombiano say Super Ten and it's because of you guys you guys well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean um you know okay so okay are all phenomenal and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's all about what we have built and where we well I mean well I I I I I I I I I I mean like like well uh I mean were going. He's other portion of his leadership is scouting scouting scouting scouting scouting scouting scouting scouting scouting scouting on profitable part of the uh so okay well I mean so so you know you you you you you you you you you you know business and let go of employees the risk the success of others and they company.