Hi dear students. This is dr. Sam. Sat with sat with sat with sat sat sat sat sat sat sat sat sat sat with sat with sat with sat with sat with sat with sat with my my my my my my my my my my morning pep talk for you. Okay you know well like I mean so I I I I I I I I I I mean you know so. And today I want to talk about something called as as as as as as as as as as Legacy. Now. What do what do what do what do what do what do what what what what what what what what what what do what do what do what do we so you know uh well uh okay so so so so so so so so so so uh you know mean by Legacy? Now? What I know for sure is that that that that that that that that that that people like us, um um uh you know well you know well um you know know know know know know know know know know you know, when I say us I mean all of us medicos, I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean you know uh okay well okay uh like um people like you you you you you you you you you you people like me people who opted to become a doctor because of like you know know know know know know know know know know um I mean uh uh like well well a sub. Conscious calling in transparent Don't Don't Don't Don't Don't Don't Don't Don't Don't Don't medical profession was never an easy profession. Well like um I mean okay so so so so so so so so so so I mean okay um. And I'm sure you all were aware of it that we we we we we we we we we we are opting for something well I mean I mean like um well so okay you know know know know know know know know know know which is a tough profession. We all had our you know, older brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother or brother's friend or like you know so uh okay well so um okay a senior. Senior senior senior senior senior senior senior senior senior. You all you all you all you all you all you all you all all all all all all all all all all you all you all you all had somebody with a when we go home. We We We We We We We We We We went we went we went we went we went we went we went we we we we we we we we we we went we went we went um well so um so okay you know know know know know know know know know know um uh to talk in our class to and then he or she told us that they too muscular for still be continued.