Hello and welcome back into the hard foul. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host Pearson Fowler Fowler Fowler Fowler Fowler Fowler Fowler Fowler Fowler Fowler with me as okay so you know um I mean so well um um always from from from from from from from from from from Gamecock central.com the bad luck charm in South Carolina Gamecocks this entire weekend like you you you you you you you you you you know like like so uh okay so so Colin Taylor Colin. I hate I I I I I I I I I I hate I hate I hate I hate I hate I hate I hate I hate I hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate that you have to wear that albatross around your neck, but well I mean well well well well well well well well well well so like I mean okay so like you had a busy weekend. He did a a a a a a a a a a lot of travel. It's much it's much it's much it's much it's much it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's much it's much it's much it's much it's much appreciated I mean okay okay you know know know know know know know know know know you know I mean like okay okay Gamecock fans everywhere appreciate your vigilance your your your your your your your your your your dedication to traveling and I sound like so I mean well I mean like like like like like like like like like like okay you know so I mean I'm being sarcastic because it's not a clock. In the the the the the the the the the the morning, but I'm being serious because I mean like okay so well like like like like like like like like like like like uh you know Friday you were in Colombia. You covered you covered you covered covered covered covered covered covered covered covered covered covered you covered you covered you covered you covered you covered you covered you covered the the the the the the the the the the baseball game and then Saturday morning you okay you know well um okay like uh you you you you you you you you you you know I mean woke up and drove to Tuscaloosa. Watch the basketball game. And then then then then then then then then then then you said you well uh um okay okay well like um I mean stayed stayed stayed stayed stayed stayed stayed stayed stayed stayed overnight in Hoover or Birmingham somewhere thereabouts and then drove to Clemson, um okay like like like like like like like like like like you know I mean so okay well I mean South Carolina first thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing Sunday morning to cover the baseball game then came back well you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so so so so so so to Colombia. And the and the and the and and and and and and and and and and the and the and the and the and the and the and the now you you you you you you you you you you are back here in downtown Columbia at nine o'clock on Monday morning again admirable seriously everybody appreciates.