Hey everyone, welcome to season 2 of reversing climate change. We are doing that podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast you know so you know uh so uh okay so well thing now in in in in in in in in in in launching a patreon. You can find it at patreon.com slash so uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like okay I mean you know Nori podcasts. There are various tiers tiers tiers tiers tiers tiers tiers tiers tiers tiers with different types of goodies available. Do you want to well I mean okay uh you know know know know know know know know know know okay you know like you know receive a special newsletter digestive what Nori knots are are are are are are are are are are reading that week be um okay I mean I mean well so well um so so so so so so so so so so a part of a Nori book club get special access to Nori events. Go take so so so so so so so so so so I mean um I mean uh like um so uh a look at patreon.com patreoncom patreoncom patreoncom patreoncom patreoncom patreoncom patreoncom patreoncom patreoncom. Nori podcast for what we're offering and in that Spirit of okay like like like like like like like like like like um uh so like like so so being lean and that startup kind of way that that that that that that that that that that That, you know, we like to well um you know well I mean um I I I I I I I I I I mean uh so do this list of goodies is subject to change and we'd very very very very very very very very very very much like like um uh well uh I mean uh you know so your feedback. Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is there something that you'd really like to see but it isn't so um so so so so so so so so so so well uh so um okay like listed here honest feedback does a lot to to to to to to to to to to help us shape what we so I mean you know okay so so you know know know know know know know know know know well so offer to you. You can send an email to podcast at nori.com Noricom Noricom Noricom Noricom Noricom Noricom Noricom Noricom Noricom. Or fill out you know um so um so uh um so um our podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast survey anonymously in our newsletter, which you can find at nor e.com well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay um uh so. Subscribe, and subscribe, and subscribe, and subscribe, and and and and and and and and and and subscribe, and subscribe, and subscribe, and subscribe, and subscribe, and subscribe, and thank you so much much much much much much much much much much for listening to another season of reversing climate change. Hello and hello and hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to the reversing climate change.