Today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode today's episode today's episode today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia cream cheese made with like so uh so you know like like so so so so so so so so so so so only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect that's perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect that's perfect that's perfect that's perfect that's perfect that's perfect that's perfect that's perfect that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's perfect for spreading on you know you know okay uh um you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well um your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be be be be be be be be be be the only you know well so you know okay I mean okay um you you you you you you you you you you know subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing this like I mean uh like well okay you know like um since 1872 Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome to the hottest take my name is is is is is is is is is is you know uh you know um um well well okay you know Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Ryan. I am joined by Roger Sherman Craig gains and Tyler Parker and Tyler you you you you you you you you you you like uh uh like so well you know you know so have the floor. Floor floor floor floor floor floor floor floor floor. Southwest Airlines is the best Airlines. Yeah, what's up? Okay Southwest okay Southwest okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Southwest okay Southwest okay Southwest okay Southwest okay Southwest okay Southwest okay Southwest okay Southwest okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay I mean I mean so uh you know so this episode of of of of of of of of of of the hottest take sponsored by Southwest Airlines best Airlines. Yeah. I mean you know um um um um um um um um um um I mean so like um um okay. It is it is it is it is is is is is is is is is is it is it is it is it is it is it is the airline airline airline airline airline airline airline airline airline airline of the people. Uh-huh. I'm not a doctor or like um so I mean um um um um um um um um um um like I mean you know um a lawyer, you know. Yeah, I hear ya Senators son. Yeah, right. I'm just a guy that.