Welcome to more than one thing with Athena Calderone a podcast focus on non-traditional so so so so so so so so so so I mean uh well so uh you know uh I mean career paths creative Endeavors and and and and and and and and and and the every evasive multi-hyphenate. This is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is a podcast about taking okay well like like like like like like like like like like well so okay so you know like The Road Less Traveled to find your your your your your your your your your your passion and purpose while navigating the hurdles okay okay okay so like so uh um um um um um um um um um um so and Hoops. We all we all we all we all we all we all we we we we we we we we we we all we all we all we all jump through on this personal and creative journey. Um Um Um Um Um Um Um Um Um Um well well uh I mean I mean uh okay uh. I'm your host. Host Athena Athena Athena Athena Athena Athena Athena Athena Athena Athena Calderone author interior designer cook recipe developer entertaining expert creative um uh so so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know you know I mean director stylist Storyteller editor and certified oversharer. Oversharer oversharer oversharer oversharer oversharer oversharer oversharer oversharer oversharer. Does that sound like an insanely long list of well I mean uh you know um um um um um um um um um um um so uh um things to do? Well it is and that's exactly why we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're here every week. Um well um well um well um well um well um um um um um um um um um um well um well um well um well um well like you know you know know know know know know know know know know well like so I mean. I'm going to be sitting down with another multi - - - - - - - - - - it whom I admired like I mean like like I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well deeply to talk through their struggles vulnerabilities and eventual successes throughout their beautiful and winding journey to where they are now.