Up. Nice. Hey guys, I'm Isabella and I'm bird and we're here wanting to I I I I I I I I I I mean like uh okay okay like okay like I mean introduce to you the the the the the the the the the the love below. This is our new podcast. It's an idea that well like you you you you you you you you you you know well I mean uh well um so we had talked about in the past past past past past past past past past past and we're just wanting to make it a um you know well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean so well like reality now. Yeah, now we're bringing his baby to to to to to to to to to to the world. So here so here so here so here so here so here so so so so so so so so so so here so here so here so here we like so okay you know you know know know know know know know know know know okay okay well you know are welcome to your first episode of the love the the the the the the the the the the law. So we kind I mean like like like I mean well well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh of just want to talk give you an Insight of you know, what made made made made made made made made made made us I mean um you know so so I mean um you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean start this podcast and how we know each other and who we are individually individually individually individually individually individually individually individually individually individually and like um um well well uh so well uh kind of what we we we we we we we we we we want this podcast to be about and so yeah, it's uh well well well well well well well well well well well well well so like okay okay an introduction to us. Yeah. We hope you guys liked liked liked liked liked liked liked liked liked liked getting to know us. I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so like I mean um um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know you know well without further Ado. Here we go. So, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, so, um, so, um, so, um, so, um, so, um, so, um, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, um, so, um, so, um, do you want to start by introducing yourself? Okay. Are you.