Slap the floor with this. You're still we going with it. Hello. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's over. This I mean uh um well so well okay well like is a a a a a a a a a a podcast. This is the the boys podcasts and I'm here with you know know know know know know know know know know um so so so I mean uh um like my to co-host a one one one one one one one one one one of us. One of our Coast couldn't make it but I'll you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean you know I mean um okay you know let you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys to introduce yourself Oscar what you just introduce yourself first. Wait, um wait, um um um um um um um um um um wait, um wait, um wait, um wait, um wait, um wait, um wait, um um um um um um um um um um wait, um okay okay so I mean so uh you know uh I have a a a a a a a a a a question. What's your question? Okay. So you said you I mean you know uh uh I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean um you know um had to co-host and one of them couldn't make make make make make make make make make make it. Yes one yes one yes one yes one yes one yes one yes one one one one one one one one one one yes one yes one yes one of us well like you know um well so so so so so so so so so so um well um the other co-host. Matthew couldn't matthew couldn't matthew couldn't matthew couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't matthew couldn't matthew couldn't matthew couldn't matthew couldn't matthew couldn't matthew couldn't make it it it it it it it it it it so you two you're both your co-host your math well like I mean well well well well well well well well well well okay um so I mean like isn't working here buddy one just four of of of of of of of of of of us. Yes could cope he co-hosts. Are you have to co-hosts that one of them? yeah. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. Yeah, I've yeah, I've yeah, I've yeah, I've yeah, I've yeah, I've yeah, I've yeah, I've yeah, I've yeah, I've shut up. Alright.