Right. Here we go. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to acres of diamonds. This This This This This This This This This This is actually the first time uh okay like I mean so like like so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay we're going to talk about the Acres of diamonds program in total and we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're I mean like uh you know uh you know like you know like like like like like like like like like like going to talk to a real live student graduate of Acres of diamonds miss miss miss miss miss miss miss miss miss miss okay like you know well uh um uh um okay any Coughlin. You got you you you you you you you you you you got you got you got you got you got you got you got you got got got got got got got got got got you got the last call going wrong Coghlan cog-lin. No, I think think think think think think think think think think uh so okay um um okay uh so uh you have it wrong. Good week. Week week week week week week week week week. Do you have your parents on speed dog? We like uh um uh um um um um um um um um um um well okay well uh talk to them. Well, actually my dad's death so we we we we we we we we we we can't call well um you know uh I mean okay like well um um um um um um um um um um him. Oh, that's probably could I you didn't you didn't learn enough in acres acres acres acres acres acres acres acres acres acres okay okay I mean uh um well like you know well of diamonds. If If If If If If If If If If you think we can talk to your dad somehow communicate with like so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh um so uh them. Yeah. Yeah, trust me trust me. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, I talked to Marcus. So I'm like okay you know I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay well assuming you can talk to your dad occasionally. Yes. Yes, so he he he he he he he he he he may not answer right away, you know so you know so well you you you you you you you you you you know like well like right, but me I have ways. Yes, is there I talk I talked to Marcus so I meant deaf.