Hello guys and welcome to the fifth episode of The Forgotten podcast. My name is okay so so so so so so so so so so like I mean you know um um like I mean Kiran Krishnan. And today and and and and and and and and and and today and today and today and today and today and today and today today today today today today today today today today and today and today I'm joined with swayam and moanin and we hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear talk about okay okay like uh like okay well you know well something that that that that that that that that that that is kind of alien to me. I am not very I'm very I I I I I I I I I I mean um uh um uh I mean uh well uh informed on this and and and and and and and and and and it is Anime so guys educate me. Okay, Karen okay, Karen okay, Karen okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, Karen okay, Karen okay, Karen okay, Karen okay, Karen okay, Karen okay, Karen tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell I mean well well like okay um uh okay um me something. Have you watched watched watched watched watched watched watched watched watched watched Pokémon? Yes here on there. Yes, you washed Beyblade. Yes, and uh well I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean um um um well okay it was a culture. Where back back back back back back back back back back where? I when I when we grew up you know you know so so so so so so so so so so like like um I mean I mean so so we should just just just just just just just just just just hang around and you know oracle 3 2 1 let so I mean so I I I I I I I I I I mean um like you know I mean okay it rip or whatever, right? Yeah. So So So So So So So So So So yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, it was a throwback and nostalgic you know know know know know know know know know know uh okay okay um like well um you know moment. Yes, I have so everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone has actually watched anime when they were kids. They uh like okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh so um just don't realize it. So it's like shows Pokemon Digimon and and and and and and and and and and Doraemon Shin-chan Ninja I mean like you know uh like you know so uh uh Hattori. They're all enemies now that I think about it. Beyblade was The Craze back when we were in.