Are you going to love this one? I put out so much content that you you you you you you you you you you know well I mean um like you know you know like okay if you you you you you you you you you you listen to my stuff for free every single day if you listen I mean like like like like like like like like like like you know so uh I mean well like uh to one of my pieces of of of of of of of of of of content, there's over 10 years worth of uh like uh like you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like um okay content. There's over tick like you can listen to me me me me me me me me me me once a day for well I mean um you know I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um 10 straight years and not have to pay nothing. But guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess what happened in those 10 I mean like like I mean like okay okay so um um um um um um um um um um years Cam Newton start listening to me and middle school and high school. Then Then Then Then Then Then Then Then Then Then he then he then he then he then he then he then he then then then then then then then then then then he then he then he went um I mean I mean like um you know know know know know know know know know know uh so um to Auburn and told the coach to come get me. Me me me me me me me me me. Then he went to you know uh you know okay uh like well I mean well well well well well well well well well well the pros and told the coach. I got to speak after all these kids kids kids kids kids kids kids kids kids kids in uh okay so well okay you know I mean you know you know the the the the the the the the the the hood who didn't have fathers. I became their father on Instagram. So when they they they they they they they they they they went uh so okay like okay you know I mean like like to the the the the the the the the the the NBA they Daddy with him when I went to the NFL. They took their like like like like like like like like like like um so like so so I mean I mean so daddy with them when when when when when when when when when when they became preachers and start a church when they became well well well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so well uh well CEOs or execs at companies when they look for a trainer it wasn't that I was.