If you struggle to get your workouts in if you want to to to to to to to to to to do some um like uh well okay so um well uh workouts at at at at at at at at at at home, if you are a mom with kids and you um um I mean well well well well well well well well well well I mean um like so so really really struggle to find the time time time time time time time time time time or if you travel a lot then so well um like uh so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean you need this plan. Now, I've now, I've now, I've now, I've now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, I've now, I've now, I've now, I've now, I've now, I've just released on been been been been been been been been been been Ogden da Hood at um you know I mean okay okay well like like like like like like like like like like like okay UK. I'll repeat again. Been Ogden dot code at UK a home hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit plan is a I mean I mean okay uh well uh um um so so so so so so so so so so four-week plan which consists of three workouts every single week all different workouts. You You You You You You You You You You well well well uh well um well so uh also get access to to to to to to to to to to the audio trainer app. Which has all video tutorials of how um um okay okay like like like like like like like like like like okay um so so to do every single exercise on the plant. No equipment equipment equipment equipment equipment equipment equipment equipment equipment equipment needed. You might need a okay so well um like uh okay uh uh sofa you you you you you you you you you you might get a chair up some point, but very very very minimal equipment and um um um um um um um um um um okay so uh so I mean uh uh okay stuff that you can find around the the the the the the the the the the house. And so if you answered yes you know well you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean uh to any of them questions at the start go and and and and and and and and and and get the planet so so okay you know um like uh well uh is also 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% off at the moment. Once again been Ogden dot Cody UK, welcome to the audio audio audio audio audio audio audio audio audio audio trainer. You're a you're a you're a you're a you're a you're a you're a you're a you're a you're a personal trainer.