Welcome to the special edition of between two Blue Devils. It's parent-teacher conferences conferences conferences conferences conferences conferences conferences conferences conferences conferences here so well um okay you know you know okay well so at Tommy's Tommy's Tommy's Tommy's Tommy's Tommy's Tommy's Tommy's Tommy's Tommy's high school. So I thought maybe I would go around and do something okay well well well well well well well well well well I mean like well so okay uh uh special a little bit different going to to to to to to to to to to go around and ask random teachers if they uh um I mean um like well well well well well well well well well well I mean well okay want to answer a question that my students have written. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going to pull okay you know so well you know like well okay so a a a a a a a a a a question out of the grab bag. It's going to IAM impromptu, well well well well well well well well well well well uh so you know you know so um okay they're going to answer it it it it it it it it it it and we're going to get some interesting answers. I'm sure well you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay I mean you know um okay in the meantime, I want to to to to to to to to to to let you know that tomorrow. We have we have we have we have we we we we we we we we we we have we have we have we have we have we have another like uh like I I I I I I I I I I mean well like like uh I mean official guest and I cannot wait to to to to to to to to to to interview our next guest here on between two um okay I mean I mean well I I I I I I I I I I mean like like so Blue Devils. This individual is awesome. And the story that that that that that that that that that that they're going to share with okay uh like uh well um um well um you you you you you you you you you you is unbelievable. So you want to make sure you tune in this weekend. Make Make Make Make Make Make Make Make Make Make sure you subscribe so you don't miss that episode when it drops got to tell you.