Is that a break up break up? I think we have a situation right well um um um um um um um um um um so okay um okay okay well okay here. Welcome to The Filling Station a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast that touches on breakup stories that people so like I mean um uh well um um um um um um um um um um um um would like to talk about with your view to give lessons that that that that that that that that that that they learned I mean I mean I mean you know so like uh you know um um um um um um um um um um from their experiences. We hope you find the stories entertaining but more importantly importantly importantly importantly importantly importantly importantly importantly importantly importantly meaningful okay um okay uh okay so so so well given the lesson behind everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything we're going to talk about today. Now in so um like um like um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh this episode. We are we are we are we are we are are are are are are are are are are we are we are we are we are we are outside the great city of of of of of of of of of of London. I'm not going to say okay I mean so well like okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay exactly where but it is hella windy here. What is happening here with with with with with with with with with with the I mean okay well I mean okay like okay I mean you know know know know know know know know know know weather. Lord knows cheese it is, you know, I mean, I know the the the the the the the the the the storm hit and okay so I mean well like um uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay stuff. People kind of Penny but this is next level. I am not not not not not not not not not not used to okay like so okay like okay I mean I mean so this. This this this this this this this this this. How'd you guys cope? There's another there's another there's another there's another there's another another another another another another another another another another there's another there's another there's another there's another there's another one coming doesn't just just just just just just just just just just get ready. Let's um so I mean I mean so you know um okay so so so so so so so so so so raise yourself. Let's not even go there. So this has been a meeting that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's been well um I mean I mean um like so um so in the making for for for for for for for for for for God knows how long don't you just you know, like okay I mean well so so so so so so so so so so well like okay uh we keep trying to meet up for this and that just doesn't seem to.