Hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, welcome to the dead by tomorrow podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. My name is Daniel winter and my okay you know I mean so like so so so so so so so so so so well well um co-host is Andrew Monroe in each episode. We're going to explore topics that that that that that that that that that that are you know like I mean okay uh um um uh uh too important to to to to to to to to to to wait until your last day on Earth as we introduce each I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh so well well um um so you know topic. We encourage you to to to to to to to to to to remember that some tomorrow will be your last so each so um well so so so so so so so so so so like well well uh like new day could be your final chance to really really really really really really really really really really live. This week we'll be covering you know um you know okay so so like like like like like like like like like like I mean like introductions for Daniel and I where the idea for the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast came from and some okay like well okay I mean like uh uh so so so so so so so so so so of our topics moving forward. Thanks for listening. Okay, Andrew, what would you do if you you you you you you you you you you I mean so so okay okay I mean so okay uh were going going going going going going going going going going to die tomorrow? If I if I if I if I if I I I I I I I I I I if I if I if I if I if I was going to die die die die die die die die die die tomorrow? I would probably okay I mean okay um you know so okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay do something involving being shirtless for starters and hopefully something memorable at the same time. You You You You You You You You You You like you like you like you like you like you like you like you you you you you you you you you you like you like you like um so uh um like like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay know, I've got this idea in my head of that scene from that movie. I can't remember where the guy.