Welcome back. It's March 6th. And today's dictionary.com word of the day is the okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know okay uh well you know um I mean word tantamount spelled ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta n ta M. OU NT. It is an adjective meaning I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean I mean like so I mean equivalent as in value Force effect effect effect effect effect effect effect effect effect effect or signification used in a sentence. His angry his angry his angry his angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry his angry his angry his angry his angry his angry his angry speech speech speech speech speech speech speech speech speech speech was tantamount I mean I mean I mean um okay I mean so so so so so so so so so so so you know to a declaration of war tantamount comes from either an anglo-french or Italian Italian Italian Italian Italian Italian Italian Italian Italian Italian term. Um so you know okay I mean uh uh um like. ERM ERM ERM ERM ERM ERM ERM ERM ERM ERM translating as to amount to as much tantamount is not to be be be be be be be be be be confused with well uh well uh uh um uh um uh the similar sounding word word word word word word word word word word Paramount an adjective. That means that means that means that means that that that that that that that that that that means that means that means that means that means that means Chief and importance are are are are are are are are are are impact supreme or preeminent so I mean like like okay um uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh as in she made a point of Paramount significance. However, both tantamount and Paramount Paramount Paramount Paramount Paramount Paramount Paramount Paramount Paramount Paramount can be okay you know you know so um like um uh like like like like like like like like like like traced all timidly to the Latin add momentum or up to the hill either way tune in tomorrow for a new word of the day episode.