Hi guys. You're welcome to the be more with all the report cast. Cast cast cast cast cast cast cast cast cast. Thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you you you you you you you you you you thank you thank you thank you thank you so um like um you you you you you you you you you you know uh so so okay for joining me again, and you will not believe it it it it it it it it it it guys. I promise I promise I promise I promise I promise I promise I I I I I I I I I I promise I promise I promise I promise you it was you know um um um um um um um um um um uh I mean um you know uh okay okay not planned. I have another another another another another another another another another another friend with me today. She came visiting for um like okay I mean um uh I I I I I I I I I I mean like I mean my health and lifestyle, you know, you have to get these things things things things things things things things things things in like so I mean um you know well I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean order for the journey ahead and we were just having conversations about, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, doing uh uh so so like well like so you know things by yourself. Yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself. Cough now, you know, there's this whole part of it that says, like like like like like like like like like like like like so like uh okay um so you know, you have to collaborate and do all all all all all all all all all all those great things. But there's also uh like okay well I mean like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean the part of you doing this goal this particular goal by yourself, yourself, yourself, yourself, yourself, yourself, yourself, yourself, yourself, yourself, but me how far okay you know you know well um like you know know know know know know know know know know I mean so now you know, so I mean, we're just we're just going to to to to to to to to to to flow today well you know well uh so so like so so and and and and and and and and and and we just hope that you guys get what you need to from this podcast because the truth is sometimes the goal is not necessarily.