Hey the hey the hey the hey the hey the hey the hey the hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey the hey the hey the meaning of fans on dressed in rb3 here to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk to you about like like I mean well like like so so uh the the the the the the the the the the anchor app. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like you know like uh I mean I mean okay make a podcast. Let me tell you you you you you you you you you you why first of all, it's because so uh I mean um uh you you you you you you you you you you know you know well I mean it's free. Also, there's a lot of creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record I mean well well uh uh um okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer and anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute I mean okay um so okay uh like so um your podcast for you. You you you you you you you you you. So it could be heard of Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher well like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know like uh like or any pod catcher out there. Another thing is is is is is is is is is is you can make money from your okay you know like so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh podcast and there's no minimum. Ownership required ownership required ownership required ownership required required required required required required required required required required ownership required ownership required ownership required ownership required ownership required ownership required is everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you need to make a podcast you know well like uh um well um well well well well well well well well well well um all in one place? So check so check so check so check so check so check check check check check check check check check check so check so check so check so check out anchor download the anchor app or or or or or or or or or or check out like I mean okay I mean well okay okay you know you you you you you you you you you you know anchor dot f m-- they have all the information there for you right there. Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well uh um well um uh like okay well. So do it, you know, when when when when when when when when when when you do the little like clip or whatever just uh uh um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so um so well you know do talk about that for like that like like like like like like like like like like mid break part where you put like I mean um um um well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh like an ad. Okay. Yeah. Well I can add and then you so so so so so so so so so so okay um um well well like um uh do the thing and then then then then then then then then then then we get back into the show. Oh, yeah, whatever. You've been doing that lately. Yeah, he'll do like a little clip of.