Hello everyone and welcome back to lifted logic a podcast presented by custom offsets. Offsets offsets offsets offsets offsets offsets offsets offsets offsets. Okay uh um okay you know okay like um um. Whether this is is is is is is is is is is your first time tuning in or you're returning guest. Thank you so well um um um um um um um um um um well I mean like like like you know so much for your support. I'm your your your your your your your your your your host Dustin and today in the studio joining me I mean you know I I I I I I I I I I mean uh um so um so okay is the Cody Lawson. So hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello everyone. Thanks for joining us today. Cody. Remember, like like like uh well uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well excuse me. If you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if if if if if if if if if if you're if you're if you're if you're new here, you may be wondering exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly what lifted logic um um well uh so like well like uh is. It's a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast presented by custom offsets. We outline we outline we outline we outline we outline outline outline outline outline outline outline outline outline outline we outline we outline we outline we outline we outline all things. Faucets related I I I I I I I I I I mean like okay like like well so so well we talked to folks folks folks folks folks folks folks folks folks folks from the staff here. We do we do we do we do we do we we we we we we we we we we do we do we do we do we do industry Trends or events. Okay like like like like like like like like like like you know um well well like um okay. So yeah, we just kind of of of of of of of of of of cover it all remember if you need Wheels tires like uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well like well I mean um suspension custom offsets is the the the the the the the the the the place you're going to want to head on okay I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay like you know so over to you can find us at custom offsets.com. Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, we just launched a new giveaway uh okay uh I mean like uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um yesterday and it's pretty cool. So we're teaming up with hostile with Nitto hostiles going to hook it up with any wheels up to 22 inches in diameter.