Being an expert sucks as a teacher of spiritual intelligence and emotional health. I I I I I I I I I I you know well so okay okay so like okay like get cornered into being the the the the the the the the the the guy who has all the answers. I'd like to like um well like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well you know like take this opportunity to make a confession. I I I I I I I I I I don't what I do have our um well like uh I mean okay you know know know know know know know know know know okay I mean convictions. I have theories. I have questions. I find I find I I I I I I I I I I find I find I find I find I find I find I find I find myself myself myself myself myself myself myself myself myself myself looking around and I'm um like like like uh so so you know know know know know know know know know know you know like, we can't stay here. Stop setting up your tent. We can't well well well well well well well well well well you know uh you know okay you know like well well stay here through through through through through through through through through through my journey. It's become evident that A participant is no longer enough. So uh so so so so so so so so so so uh so uh so uh so uh so uh so uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh so uh like so okay um well um so. It's time to become reformers. Reformers reformers reformers reformers reformers reformers reformers reformers reformers. These are my confessions. To get deeper in this conversation like okay you know I I I I I I I I I I mean um um so well like visit Mike Myers show.com Hello and welcome to today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's episode. I'm your host Mike. My okay like okay I mean um I mean well well well well well well well well well well so um Shero. We're going to talk about Prosperity today you guys before we we we we we we we we we we get into like well well um like I mean uh uh uh it though. I want to just mention that the weather and reading is nice and sunny.