All right. Chloe Sutton. Welcome to the podcast. How you doing? I'm great. How How How How How How How How How How are I mean you know you know so you know I mean I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean okay you doing? Brett very well. Appreciate you coming on you've got an amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing so okay like okay I mean so okay okay you know story and I I I I I I I I I I love for you to share it with a lot of people. Yeah, um um um um um um um um um um uh uh like you know I mean so uh okay thank you. I'm so excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited that you're doing this. I think it's somewhat long well um like I mean um like like like like like like like like like like well so okay overdue and you know, I love listening so far and I I I I I I I I I I can't wait to like um so like well okay well you know I mean continue continue continue continue continue continue continue continue continue continue to follow along in the future. Yeah. I mean I've told you well you know know know know know know know know know know well um um you know okay like um many times we have such great conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations and we talk in depth about how you okay you know you know you you you you you you you you you you know I mean okay uh uh okay got to where you are and what what what what what what what what what what drives you and what motivates you and um um like well so you know know know know know know know know know know so okay uh all those sorts of things. I think is so important to share and and and and and and and and and and I've had uh well um so um uh I mean I mean uh great conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations with a lot of really good coaches. And athletes in the past few weeks just working on this and I think we can all.