Hello and welcome to another episode of come on ref. I'm your um um um um um um um um um um um um like you know um um like well host Luke Aven. I I I I I I I I I I hope everyone had a great week. First off. I just want to okay like like you you you you you you you you you you know like I mean you know you know um say thank you to everyone who who who who who who who who who who has been supporting the podcast everyone its engaging on like uh you know you know know know know know know know know know know um I mean so uh you know Instagram following and just giving a real sense sense sense sense sense sense sense sense sense sense of community around this podcast. So like you know like so you know um so so so so so so so so so so I mean I mean thank you to everyone today. We're going to be talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking about last weekend's Premier League you know so you know you know uh well well well well well well well well well well you know like I mean action and the repercussions of everything that happened happened happened happened happened happened happened happened happened happened So straight off the bat the like uh okay you know like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean biggest story of the weekend was obviously Liverpool losing to Watford Watford Watford Watford Watford Watford Watford Watford Watford Watford 3-nil. It was it was it was it was it was it was it was was was was was was was was was was it was it was it was um um like okay uh I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean okay you know quite a disappointing loss to be honest. The first loss loss loss loss loss loss loss loss loss loss that you go off is well you know uh uh like um um you you you you you you you you you you know so 3-nil against walk further team is sitting in 17th. Literally one exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly one uh well well you know uh I mean uh um well point off of of of of of of of of of of the relegation zone. So I think for Jurgen klopp, I think it was very frustrating that Sarah run of.