If I'm not having a month where like an exorbitant amount of money money money money money money money money money money comes into okay uh well I mean okay uh uh so well the bank, bank, bank, bank, bank, bank, bank, bank, bank, bank, that's that's different compared to my regular normal standard than I feel like you you you you you you you you you you know uh um so well like you know um so a failure and and and and and and and and and and that's like any standard. So like if it's let's just say um like um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean okay um I mean like I was making $5,000 a month month month month month month month month month month or fifty thousand dollars a month or like you know like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um uh I mean uh like 500 like in my mind unless we have a month month month month month month month month month month where I'm like tripling well you know I mean I mean um well well um um um um um um um um um um uh it out of nowhere then I didn't succeed. That's stupid. I don't know why why why why why why why why why why I okay I mean well like like okay okay you know so don't know know know know know know know know know know how to put that stupid. Why do why do why do why do why why why why why why why why why why do why do why do why do why do why do I feel that that that that that that that that that that way? Why because you're you know uh well um uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um I mean comparing yourself to the lifestyle of people that are way outside of of of of of of of of of of our means. You know um you know okay you know you know okay um um um um um um um um um um uh. Yeah. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the business of a podcast. My name name name name name name name name name name is Lorna Liz love and uh you know I mean so okay you know know know know know know know know know know I mean um I mean I am a success expert transformation strategist business mentor and the the the the the the the the the the owner of a million so um I mean like um um okay you know well well well well well well well well well well dollar online Empire. I am obsessed with helping women receive it all in life. And in.