All right, you listen to this podcast right now. London is blue. And And And And And And And And And And uh uh like well so you know okay okay well guess what we host our our our our our our our our our our podcast on anchor dot f m that's right. So so so you know well like like like like like like like like like like uh so you know. If you're looking to host your own podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. This is this is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is the easiest free way to uh like well so so so so so so so so so so well uh well okay um get started this got a Content creation tool tool tool tool tool tool tool tool tool tool allows you to record and the podcast well I mean okay um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know um right from a phone. It's right don't even need a a a a a a a a a a computer, but you can do okay I mean you know I mean well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean um it there too. They'll also help you distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute it which is probably the most so well well so well okay um um like like like like like like like like like like challenging part, you know want to mess with that. They got you covered and get get get get get get get get get get well okay so okay you know like like okay you know it right right right right right right right right right right on a Spotify and apple podcast as well as any other place podcast or or or or or or or or or or um well well okay so so so I mean so founds And you know know know know know know know know know know what, you can monetize it to make a little I mean uh well so so so so so so so so so so well uh um uh you know cash for sharing your great content with the the the the the the the the the the world everything. You need to make a okay I mean like well well so well I I I I I I I I I I mean like podcast all in one individual place. So, you so, you so, you so, you you you you you you you you you you so, you so, you so, you so, you so, you so, you know what what what what what what what what what what head over to well um well okay well okay well okay so your app app app app app app app app app app store download the anchor a poor head anchored on FM to get started. Started started started started started started started started started. Like well so you know like uh I mean okay like. If you're ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready to launch your podcast and make it happen. This is so you know so you you you you you you you you you you know um uh um you know I mean Reuben of the cheek. This is wien wien wien wien wien wien wien wien wien wien amazing amount. You're listening to the London so um you know so well so so so so so so so so so so uh like uh is blue or cocks. All right, Chelsea fans, welcome back to another episode of your favorite mid-week.