Hey guys. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make make make make make make make make make make like so okay so okay um well so well a podcast. Let me explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain first it's free. Then there's creation tools that allow you uh I mean so um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh well so to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or or or or or or or or or or computer. Anchor would like so so you know um uh um so um distribute your your your your your your your your your your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify app a podcast well well well well well well well well well well okay okay well I mean like so you know so and many many more you you you you you you you you you you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. So well well well you know know know know know know know know know know okay uh like like. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you need need need need need need need need need need to make a podcast in one place download the um uh so um well well well well well well well well well well well I mean you know um free anchor app. Go to Anchor. FM to get started started started started started started started started started started Alright, what's up? Welcome um well I mean so so you know so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay to another edition of 40 is podcast. I'm your host Olympian Kip Wade johnson. Johnson Johnson Johnson Johnson Johnson Johnson Johnson Johnson Johnson. Okay, so I mean um uh so um um well well welcome to another edition of of of of of of of of of of 40th podcast on today's episode. We have Slovakia's finest Marcel. I'm Nikki The Little Engine That Could I just made that up? So.