Welcome back to another episode of tuxedo time where we were Tuxedos and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's so okay I mean like okay okay okay well I mean time. I I I I I I I I I I love I love I love I love I love I love I love I I I I I I I I I I love I love I love cast Edition. Yes, I love that when you say say say say say say say say say say it. You like you know I mean well you know uh um um so sound like like like like like like like like like like you're trying to be a radio announcer. You're like you're like you're like you're like like like like like like like like like like you're like you're like you're like you're like you're like you're like welcome back back back back back back back back back back okay you know so um um so well well you know to another episode of I I I I I I I I I I don't want to put my microphone. We're not in the I mean you know know know know know know know know know know well like I mean uh okay you know I mean new studio yet because because because because because because because because because because we had a little bit of a hangout if you um um like um um um um um um um um um um um I mean uh um um watch the Vlog that we posted at by the the the the the the the the the the time you listen to this a few okay you know so um okay you know know know know know know know know know know okay I mean so weeks ago we found Mice in our basement. So we had had had had had had had had had had to put our okay uh uh uh okay I mean you know uh uh project project project project project project project project project project on hold for a few while we get rid of that. But in the uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like you know so uh so so so meantime now, we're sitting in our our our our our our our our our our living room. So we've now recorded a podcast in three like so like well well well well well well well well well well you know I mean um well like different places. This is definitely the most comfortable out out out out out out out out out out of all of them so I mean so uh uh well like well so so so so so so so so so so so high so, what's the plan today? Listen? I haven't seen you in like like like like like like like like like like a so okay well so okay you know well uh so week and a half sure. We have one together. Yeah. Okay. So let me rephrase that. I haven't really.