Uncle Si back in the office and in today's video, I'm going to um um um um um um um um um um uh uh you know okay um well uh well be explaining to each and every every every every every every every every every every single male out there specifically how to become so okay uh okay um like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um more masculine to determine your fate. And the reason why I feel that that that that that that that that that that this is okay well I mean okay like like well so okay such an important topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic is because people have no idea nowadays how to actually I mean um um um um um um um um um um well uh like well uh I mean I mean control their Destiny or how how how how how how how how how how to actually control their fate so that way they're in so well you know you you you you you you you you you you know so like so I mean well control of what they would like and and and and and and and and and and as a man this is important to your like so well well well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so so like success. This is ridiculously important to your happiness. And not only that that that that that that that that that that if you you know um well you know like so so I mean um want want want want want want want want want want to become a man of value so that way other men or other people people people people people people people people people people okay okay I mean so well okay like okay um in general can can can can can can can can can can lean on you. You're going to have to learn this. So here's so here's so so so so so so so so so so here's so here's so here's so here's so here's so here's so here's so here's um um um um um um um um um um like okay you know you know you know you know um well the deal. Deal deal deal deal deal deal deal deal deal. If you don't have a very high attention span, if you're a I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um okay um um like so person who cannot sit there and focus for for for for for for for for for for two to five minutes, you're not uh I mean um well I I I I I I I I I I mean like well uh okay going to do very well. Okay, because this video might might might might might might might might might might take me a little bit to like okay like so well you know um like like like like like like like like like like well explain so grab a pen grab a paper. If you can't take five to to to to to to to to to to ten minutes like you know okay um you know okay you know like you you you you you you you you you you know to learn this material you're going to be seriously flawed when it comes to the real.