This is this is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is the podcast on creativity and execution. I I I I I I I I I I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I I I I I I I I I I hope I hope I hope you enjoy the most sinister. I mean I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean you you you you you you you you you you know like you know uh well so uh so. I cannot defile seems a my my my my my my my my my my best friend spending their hard-earned money to buy I mean you know I mean well well well well well well well well well well okay okay well well I mean tickets to come to your shows. You don't need need need need need need need need need need this right here. I promise I promise I promise I promise I promise I promise promise promise promise promise promise promise promise promise promise I promise I promise I promise I promise you you I mean okay so so so so so so so so so so okay like I mean well okay okay want the Moon just say the the the the the the the the the the word and I'll throw a lasso around. Hey I mean I mean uh you you you you you you you you you you know um you know uh well so guys, this is Joe. He's a quick quick quick quick quick quick quick quick quick quick little intro on what you're about to hear um you know okay I mean you know know know know know know know know know know okay uh so well Johnny got invited by one of our friends who's a a a a a a a a a a teacher At Crutchfield Nations the class. He like uh you know well like like like like like like like like like like you know um okay okay teaches a class called leadership development. So he asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked Jonny to come in talk about culture I mean I mean well um you you you you you you you you you you know like uh you know uh and Johnny kills it it's really good talks talks talks talks talks talks talks talks talks talks about core values talks about like I mean okay like like um well I I I I I I I I I I mean well how important those are and how vital it is to know what your core core core core core core core core core core so like well like you know so I mean okay like values are so you you you you you you you you you you can create culture within your team within your friends and got your whole life. Basically. It's really good. I hope you enjoy We.