Hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's Melinda and welcome to the qivana podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. The Hebrew word. Cabana is all so so I mean you know well like like like like like like like like like like so you know um about living your life with intention each week. I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll be featuring someone who inspires me and like okay okay well okay I I I I I I I I I I mean you know you know so lives each day with purpose. My greatest. Hope is that that that that that that that that that that by listening you two will so I mean you know I mean uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um so be inspired to wake up every morning with intention it all begins with with with with with with with with with with you. Like so uh I mean uh um you know well uh. With me me me me me me me me me me in the studio today and by Studio, of course, I mean, um so well like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay um well my beautiful office is Breezy and I feel like breezy. Breezy Breezy Breezy Breezy Breezy Breezy Breezy Breezy Breezy. I always I always I always I always I always I always I always I I I I I I I I I I always I always I always say your name I mean like well okay I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean well okay okay like your Oprah or share or Beyonce and I say say say say say say say say say say it like Madonna. Okay old like um um like you know um um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh Madonna that's fair to like how many people really know Madonna's last last last last last last last last last last name? Huh? uh like you know well so um so like like No idea idea idea idea idea idea idea idea idea idea Tony. Oh God. Why do you know that because it's like mine. Go um like like like like like like like like like like um I mean I mean I mean like um uh with the guys and and and and and and and and and and know that we're about to take you on a roller coaster ride through Breezies life Breezy to.