Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the Gathering Place with blessed is she I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Jeanna giese are and I'm well you know uh you know you know um um um um um um um um um um well okay well Beth Davis pull up a chair and grab a drink drink drink drink drink drink drink drink drink drink or you could just uh um like like um like like you know so keep doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing what you're doing pull up a chair in your heart come chat with well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh I mean um I mean you know so us about Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus prayer community and life. So let's get started. Hi Jenna. Hi okay you know I I I I I I I I I I mean okay uh okay okay uh you know Beth. So good so good so good good good good good good good good good good so good so good so good so good so good so good so good good good good good good good good good good to see you my friend. It's been it's been it's been it's been it's been it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's been it's been it's been it's been it's been too long. Tell me okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like I mean okay you know uh well well about it since last week week week week week week week week week week when we recorded together. That's right Jenna. I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited to introduce okay um um um um um um um um um um well okay well well like like I mean sister on used to say welcome sister. Sister sister sister sister sister sister sister sister sister. Thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank you thank you thank you thank you so much Beth. It's a I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean I mean well uh okay delight to be with you. I mean, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's a delight for me. I'm just thrilled I mean um um so I mean so so so so so so so so so so okay well uh to see you again because we were together and Ireland sisters. Sisters sisters sisters sisters sisters sisters sisters sisters sisters. She just raving well uh so uh so um so uh I I I I I I I I I I mean about you. I almost thought I'd be replaced and her best friend category. Category category category category category category category category category. Well I well I well I well I well I well I well I I I I I I I I I I well I well I well I mean I mean so like I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so like. Probably really did nothing can ever separate the bond. That's what that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's what that's what that's what that's what that's what that's what that's what that's what that's what would instantly recognize between the two.