Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to pop and policies with your hosts are Jordan davis. Davis Davis Davis Davis Davis Davis Davis Davis Davis. Thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you you you you you you you you you you thank you thank you so much you know like um so um so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well well for tuning in. You could you could you could you could you you you you you you you you you you could you could you could you could you could you could have chosen another podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast to listen to you taking the time um well okay okay um you you you you you you you you you you know uh you know like to listen to me. And so I am am am am am am am am am am grateful and I do not take the um so so um like okay well well well well well well well well well well uh uh opportunity lightly. This podcast is actually airing a year to the day day day day day day day day day day after a really bad so I mean you know well I mean you know so so so so so so so so so so um you know car accident that left my car totaled. I was in a hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard place of I mean well um uh uh so you know okay like selfishness selfishness selfishness selfishness selfishness selfishness selfishness selfishness selfishness selfishness and self-reliance, but it really took that moment to Humble me and for me me me me me me me me me me so um I mean um I mean okay okay um okay to take a a a a a a a a a a few steps back and really realize what are the gifts that God has given given given given given given given given given given I mean you know I mean I mean uh like like um well me me me me me me me me me me what has God given me to impact to make an impact and I okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well you know um so like I mean I mean instantly began to write. Write write write write write write write write write. Okay connectivity. Okay this passion for politics this desire to Enlighten like uh so so so so so so so so so so like well so um okay um and educate people about maybe the long-term or direct impacts that policy issues may have and.