With traffic errands and parking cars can be a chore but a great um you you you you you you you you you you know uh okay so so like um uh car can be an adventure a getaway getaway getaway getaway getaway getaway getaway getaway getaway getaway and a prized possession whatever your budget or I mean um so you know know know know know know know know know know um okay well okay okay family require. There's a car out there. You'll love we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're here to help you find it. I'm like you know um uh I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh so Todd. I'm Paul I'm Paul I'm Paul I'm Paul I'm Paul I'm Paul Paul Paul Paul Paul Paul Paul Paul Paul Paul I'm Paul I'm Paul I'm Paul I'm Paul and this is the everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday driver car debate. I am so um so I mean I mean you you you you you you you you you you know well okay I mean you know happy for you that you got got got got got got got got got got the Lotus out the heating pads weren't you're happy for so um like so um um um um um um um um um um I mean I mean you know like me. I'm thrilled I'm thrilled I'm thrilled thrilled thrilled thrilled thrilled thrilled thrilled thrilled thrilled thrilled I'm thrilled I'm thrilled I'm thrilled I'm thrilled I'm thrilled I'm thrilled I'm thrilled for you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're happy for me. Honestly driving. Sports cars in the winter well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um um uh I mean you know so like sort of revelatory isn't out out out out out out out out out out but just driving it period it honestly I last I mean uh I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean like okay I mean uh um started it the day after Christmas because I I I I I I I I I I had to get it out like um okay so like so well so well of of of of of of of of of of the garage and having some work done start start. I'm trying to wrap well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so you know uh you know well um my head around this you started started started started started started started started started started it last night started was the day after uh I mean well well so um well you know know know know know know know know know know like Christmas. So that's been like what three months as of this report. Last Last Last Last Last Last Last Last Last Last time. It you know well so like so so you know okay so so so so so so so so so so moved was a month before that. Oh my gosh. So the so the so the the the the the the the the the the so the so the so the so the so the so the so the the the the the the the the the the tires by the way, so uh um so I mean um uh you know know know know know know know know know know you know where there's one thing. I mean I could tell mean granted it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's not a well so I mean you know so like you know uh um heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy car is true. I could I could I could I could I could I I I I I I I I I I could I could I could I could I could tell that the tires needed a kind of they needed to go in a circle for a bit.