So here's so here's so here's so here's so here's so here's so here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's so here's so here's so here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard about well well well okay like you know uh well you know anchor its easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. You know uh well I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean okay um okay um. There's creation tools that allow you to to to to to to to to to to record and edit your podcast right from so like okay okay so like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um so your phone or computer anchor will distribute our podcast for you. So it could could could could could could could could could could I mean you know well so you know okay um um okay be heard on on on on on on on on on on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like like so like I mean okay your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's everything you need to make a podcast all you know uh uh I mean um you you you you you you you you you you know like well so in one place. So download the anchor app. For your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone or go to so like okay uh like I mean okay like um um um um um um um um um um Anchor FM.com to get started. Well, howdy there internet people Isabella gun. So So So So So So So So So So tonight we're so um I mean I mean well like um um um going to to to to to to to to to to talk about a meme and it's not just a meme in the so I I I I I I I I I I mean like uh uh well um so um sense of an image. It's an idea that people people people people people people people people people people have and we're going to look uh like so you know like so um you know know know know know know know know know know like into it understand that nothing. I say tonight should be taken as an endorsement of any kind of state economy. This is just me trying to get to.