The only one that is allowed to talk and that's why I do stand-up. Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay like well so um you know like well okay. Yeah. I had a first exploratory session session session session session session session session session session with a really bad therapists last weekend and she just uh um like like like like like like like like like like like uh so uh so okay like got right and did not try to get to to to to to to to to to to know me at all was you know okay you know so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so like, what would you say is your main issue? And I was was was was was was was was was was like, let's uh uh um well well okay well you know um fix this this this this this this this this this this in one hour. I do the little we got 48 minutes. Let's do this. So okay so so so so so so so so so so okay so okay so okay so okay so okay so okay so okay so so so so so so so so so so okay so okay you know I mean uh well I mean like you know. Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, there okay, there okay, there okay, there okay, there okay, there okay, there okay, there there there there there there there there there there okay, there okay, there is I'm watching The Globe truly. Yes got right down down down down down down down down down down to business okay well well like like well I mean so like and I I I I I I I I I I was like, I don't know. I guess I feel like I so so well like like like like like like like like like like like uh well so like always need to be in control and she's like, is is is is is is is is is is that what you do comedy? And um and um and um and um and um um um um um um um um um um and um and um and um and um and um I mean um you you you you you you you you you you know I mean you know like you know I mean I was like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, I don't like I guess so, I don't know and she's so like you know know know know know know know know know know okay uh uh um like I mean like I am time that's comedy help people feel like they're in control. I think of it as a pretty chaotic.