Welcome to the lair a podcast. This podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast is in conjunction with the layer layer layer layer layer layer layer layer layer layer Aid conference you know you know uh um well like like you know you you you you you you you you you you know which is happening for the third year on Saturday, June 6th, 2020 in in in in in in in in in in Providence, Rhode island. Um I mean I mean so okay okay okay uh okay. The The The The The The The The The The layer a conference is the first one to solely focus on social engineering and so so so so so so so so so so okay okay uh okay okay like uh so open source intelligence or osint gathering gathering gathering gathering gathering gathering gathering gathering gathering gathering social engineers and osint investigators always seemed well you know I mean so like I I I I I I I I I I mean you know okay you know to have a great story. Re and you can can can can can can can can can can hear many of those stories through their uh I mean okay uh okay um um um um um um um um um um so you know um presentations at the conference, but not every story can fill fill fill fill fill fill fill fill fill fill a whole presentation and uh so so you know well so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so not all storytellers can get to the conference which brings us here. This podcast like like like like like like like like like like uh well I mean like um so okay like will only be stories told by the the the the the the the the the the investigators themselves. No interviews. No slides just stories uh okay okay I mean so so so so so so so so so so you know uh uh like some might be a short as five minutes some may even even even even even even even even even even go for 45 uh um I mean like like um um you know like like like like like like like like like like minutes. I hope you'll enjoy them for this episode we welcome decode Akins also known as Dutch. Oh.