You should you should you should you should you should you should you should you you you you you you you you you you should you should you should have this knocked out jailbirds. All right, I'm Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Shoemaker. I'm Rob thomason. Okay like um okay you know so okay you know I mean. Mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean. We're back here on jailhouse tall talk. Don't stop don't stop don't stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop don't stop don't stop don't stop don't stop don't stop don't stop don't stop just keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep going. Hey want so so you know well like I mean um um so to to to to to to to to to to give a shout out to all you listening to the podcast. Thanks. We actually have people people people people people people people people people people so well you know you know um well like you know uh listen. I I I I I I I I I I know it's crazy. It's we started this and we were like Hey, well um um um um um um um um um um okay you know okay so uh uh you know we're gonna just make a a a a a a a a a a thing for ourselves for Creative outlet and we've like um so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um well so uh actually had a lot of people we don't know listen to to to to to to to to to to it and people reach uh okay okay like well uh well um uh out to us us us us us us us us us us and say they've really enjoyed us experiencing Elvis things for the uh so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay uh okay well first time. So thanks so thanks so thanks so thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks so thanks so thanks so thanks so thanks so thanks so thanks for caring caring caring caring caring caring caring caring caring caring if you want to send us an email where he so um okay well like like well well well well well well well well well well uh like would love to hear anything. Guys, if you have any thoughts so far far far far far far far far far far if you uh uh well I mean I mean so I mean well well well well well well well well well well well want to critique us tell us something that we're completely wrong about Elvis which we in the we're Mighty huge Injustice highly.