Hello and welcome to the ICC inside of podcast. This is Ruth from ACC well well well well well well well well well well like you know so um uh I mean okay I mean media today. I'm joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined I'm joined I'm joined by a New Zealand crew. I've got I've got I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've got I've got I've got I've got I've got I've got I've got I've got Luke Luke Luke Luke Luke Luke Luke Luke Luke Luke Pettigrew Gareth uh um like um uh you know uh so well McGuire and athlete athlete athlete athlete athlete athlete athlete athlete athlete athlete Gemma route joining us and we going to talk about All Things uh well well I I I I I I I I I I mean so you know um okay I mean New Zealand CrossFit and how they're going to to to to to to to to to to be covering the ACC this year. Okay like um well uh so um I I I I I I I I I I mean well. So welcome so welcome so welcome so welcome so welcome so welcome so so so so so so so so so so welcome so welcome so welcome so welcome guys Luke. I might I might I I I I I I I I I I might I might I might I might I might I might I might I I I I I I I I I I might start with you if that's okay. We've been so so uh uh like like um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well chatting a fair bit over the last couple of months about you you you you you you you you you you guys. Me across like um well you know uh um like well like to to to to to to to to to to cover this event. Tell us more about yourself. Um, yeah, so I was you you you you you you you you you you know so I mean you know uh well so so so born and raised in in in in in in in in in in Taipei Taiwan lived there for 17 years. Then I moved over uh um um um um um um um um um um like well I mean like I mean I mean um to New Zealand and and and and and and and and and and continued to kind of Follow that path with that prostitute passion. Let me do it for around eight years now.