It is time to take a bomp Danny calm down. It's time to to to to to to to to to to talk so well so uh well so uh you know so about anchor our our our our our our our our our our new podcast platform. The easiest way to make a podcast that is um like like like like like like like like like like uh um well so like um um a good point and gives you everything you you you you you you you you you you need in one place for free and like I mean um so so like like like like like like like like like like okay you know okay you can use it right from your phone or computer at at at at at at at at at at anchor you can you know okay you know like okay uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay record and edit and make everything that you put down on your podcast well I I I I I I I I I I mean like uh I mean you know I mean uh um sound as good as as as as as as as as as as my voice or you can upload a podcast that you um well you know know know know know know know know know know you know I mean well I mean you know you know might have recorded on on on on on on on on on on another application. Also ankle will distribute your podcast for you so it so like like like like like like like like like like you know uh you know um well you know well can Be heard everywhere Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more. You can uh uh I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so uh like make easy money for your podcast. I'm talking about real easy money money money money money money money money money money with anchor right? No like um you know well you know uh um well you know know know know know know know know know know minimum listenership required download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- right well uh uh um okay I mean um okay like now. Yeah Melvin's Melvin's Melvin's Melvin's Melvin's Melvin's Melvin's Melvin's Melvin's Melvin's broadcasting at a combined weight of 370 pounds representing Boston, Massachusetts. They are the podcast world's movie.