Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just jokes jokes jokes jokes jokes jokes jokes jokes jokes jokes you know I mean I mean um I mean well like okay like listeners before before before before before before before before before before we get into this episode. I'd like I'd like I'd like I'd like I'd like like like like like like like like like like I'd like I'd like I'd like I'd like I'd like to take a moment to to to to to to to to to to thank our like okay so um okay uh uh you know um sponsor. Anchor if you you you you you you you you you you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way to make a you know um um um um um um um um um um um okay um uh so I mean like podcast. It's free. It's doesn't it's doesn't it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's doesn't it's doesn't it's doesn't it's doesn't it's doesn't it's doesn't it's doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't it's doesn't cost any money. That's why we use it. There's a creation so um um um um um um um um um um uh I mean um like well so I mean tools that allow you to record and and and and and and and and and and edit your podcast right from your okay like you know you know so um um um um um um um um um um uh um uh phone and computer makes it very simple and color distributes your pockets pockets pockets pockets pockets pockets pockets pockets pockets pockets for you can like well like okay okay so uh um um be heard. Heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you can make money from your okay um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um I mean okay um you know podcast with no minimum listenership and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's everything you need to make a podcast right in well like like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well like uh okay um one place download the free a tinker app or or or or or or or or or or go to Anchor dot. F like well I mean uh okay okay well well well well well well well well well well um like m-- to get started. I don't know. Yeah, that works. That was good. Remember, Remember, Remember, Remember, Remember, Remember, Remember, Remember, Remember, Remember, it's remember, it's remember, it's remember, it's remember, it's remember, it's remember, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's remember, it's remember, it's remember, it's just jokes beware of her trying to bite your penis.