Tony you tony you tony you tony you tony you tony you tony you you you you you you you you you you tony you tony you tony you know, what's really exciting about about this podcast. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's going on. Well, it's well uh well well so like like okay um the Partnerships Partnerships Partnerships Partnerships Partnerships Partnerships Partnerships Partnerships Partnerships Partnerships that we've had and and coming up in May of our well well well well well well well well well well like so like well um well okay you know Partnerships are going to be under under under under under under under under under under one tent do yeah. I'm so excited. I mean I mean I mean I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean uh like you know know know know know know know know know know so well like okay okay okay this is I think the first time ever right right right right right right right right right right we able to combine everybody you know um so um okay um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well I mean together and it's awesome. Right? So while we're at hair Love retreat retreat retreat retreat retreat retreat retreat retreat retreat retreat in well so okay like um uh um you know you know May we're going going going going going going going going going going to be we're going to be there with schedule. Is he going uh okay well you you you you you you you you you you know so I mean uh uh I mean to be a salon? Because of because of of of of of of of of of of because of because of because of because of because of because of because of because of of of of of of of of of of course we going to be there with her love well um um um so so so so so so so so so so so well um I mean Retreats. We really Mega excited about that that that that that that that that that that and we have Elizabeth here and okay um uh uh okay um um um um um um um um um um um you know so Elizabeth is going to tell us like all the details because schedule schedule schedule schedule schedule schedule schedule schedule schedule schedule acidity um so uh you know okay I mean so so okay in the the the the the the the the the the very schedule is City way, they're going to schedule a city cares cares cares cares cares cares cares cares cares cares giveaway. I mean like so okay I mean so so you know so. So so so so so so so so so. Yeah, they're going to give away a ticket to handle of retreat and Miss Miss Miss Miss Miss Miss Miss Miss Miss Miss Elizabeth phase so like I mean like I mean uh um so you know want to to to to to to to to to to give us all the juicy details. Welcome Miss welcome Miss welcome Miss welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome Miss welcome Miss welcome Miss welcome Miss welcome Miss welcome Miss welcome Miss Elizabeth and today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's so so I mean uh well um well well um like I'm so excited schedule is is is is is is is is is is to be so generous to do this. Anyone can enter even if you've gotten a ticket, it doesn't matter its chosen at random.