Welcome to another episode of the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I I'm I I'm I I'm I I'm I I'm I I'm I I'm I I I I I I I I I I I'm I I'm I mean um uh I mean well well so I I I I I I I I I I mean okay your host Simon and in today's episode. This is the audio version version version version version version version version version version of video that okay okay I mean uh so um uh um uh we originally originally originally originally originally originally originally originally originally originally published on YouTube here for your listening convenience. If you like this uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay um um like show, please do consider leaving leaving leaving leaving leaving leaving leaving leaving leaving leaving us a review or ever get your podcasts. That well that well that well that well well well well well well well well well well that well that well that well that well that well that well um uh you you you you you you you you you you know so um well like I mean would be awesome and let's get into it. It it it it it it it it it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're well okay uh okay you know uh so you know know know know know know know know know know um watching top 10 internet. And in and in and in and in and in and in in in in in in in in in in and in and in and in and in the video today, we're looking at the the the the the the the the the the top 10 real-life well you know um um okay okay so you know know know know know know know know know know uh spy bungles on the 21st of July 1973 Israeli agents of The Mossad killed so so so so so so so so so so so okay like so like you know uh I mean a waiter in Lillehammer Norway seeking seeking seeking seeking seeking seeking seeking seeking seeking seeking revenge for the 1972 Munich Olympics Massacre of okay like well so well like like like like like like like like like like I mean like so Israeli athletes. The hapless victim was innocent and had nothing to to to to to to to to to to do with the so I mean like you know uh like um like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh terrorist attack. And the and the and the and the and the and the and the the the the the the the the the the and the and the and the murder was just another blunder by a country country country country country country country country country country attempting to uh well so so well so well okay um conduct Spy Games Games Games Games Games Games Games Games Games Games over the years there have been some egregious Errors By secret agencies okay like like like like like like like like like like uh I mean you know so uh um well and here we have 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 of those Biggest Oops moments just before you get like um um um so like like like like like like like like like like so I mean like into the list. I will say that this is a collaboration with dr. Matthews has acne of history and headlines.com. So go over to.