What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 26 of the how to Hardscape podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast where okay so you know okay uh you know um um well we talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk to you about how you can start and grow your hardscaping business in this so so so so so so so so so so well um I mean well you know I mean I mean well week. We We We We We We We We We We are going to be tackling a marketing week. That means every day I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like I mean so you know okay I mean I mean this week. Week week week week week week week week week. You are likely going to get an episode based on the topic okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know well I mean well well uh of marketing. So we've got a a a a a a a a a a lot of value come and actually this week is um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so um uh um uh uh starting with today's episode is Mark Morrison. Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark is mark is mark is mark is mark is mark is mark is mark is mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark is mark is actually a longtime friend of mine. Well uh like okay you know know know know know know know know know know like uh like um. He works for Intrigue media and he's here to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk with us about acquiring the like okay I mean uh okay uh so you know know know know know know know know know know um right type of Clients for your business not just any clients, but the best best best best best best best best best best clients I mean so I mean I mean I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um into your business. How do I identify them and how to to to to to to to to to to get them like you know so um so uh I mean okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean into your business as leads and where to take it from there? So well you know well well well well well well well well well well okay I mean okay well you know uh an awesome interview coming up with Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Morris and here. So without further Ado well um well like okay like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean here is our interview with Mark Morrison today. I'm joined by Mark morrison. Morrison Morrison Morrison Morrison Morrison Morrison Morrison Morrison Morrison. He is you know you know so I mean like you know you know I I I I I I I I I I mean you know a business development manager for intrigued media a digital marketing services provider provider provider provider provider provider provider provider provider provider for businesses in Canada Marcus actually a longtime friend of mine, and he's here to talk with us.