Hi and welcome to the fort down podcast. I'm Ben. I'm so and we're here here here here here here here here here here I mean uh you know uh so well so um so to talk about American football. Football football football football football football football football football. So I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I I I I I I I I I I so I so I go into the NFL after the demo well you know well well well well well well well well well well um um you know so you know like for Madden 2009 was advertised on my Xbox that that that that that that that that that that which was the one with uh like you know um well I mean okay you you you you you you you you you you know so Drew Brees on the cover. Okay, because it won the Super Bowl Bowl Bowl Bowl Bowl Bowl Bowl Bowl Bowl Bowl and the AFC well you know so okay so uh okay well uh Championship Championship Championship Championship Championship Championship Championship Championship Championship Championship Game the 2009 game between the Colts and the Jets. This was the I I I I I I I I I I mean you know like like um well so I mean um game that you could play. Play play play play play play play play play. So yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, I enjoyed the demo and so you okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay you know um okay well so uh play that demo. That was was was was was was was was was was that was that was that was that was that was that was that was was was was was was was was was was that was that was your first experience. Yeah, pretty yeah, pretty yeah, pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty yeah, pretty yeah, pretty yeah, pretty yeah, pretty yeah, pretty yeah, pretty yeah, pretty much why why why why why why why why why why you chose uh I mean well you know um um uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean to be a broadcaster? Yeah, because I chose to be a Broncos fan because well well well well well well well well well well quite frankly you know I mean uh well you know like um okay um because I I I I I I I I I I have a horse and I went and I didn't like I felt pretty scummy to be in like, you know, yeah, I don't like all this.