Hey before we go to this podcast. Let me say a few things about about about about about about about about about about the so like um well um well uh I mean um mentorship group as as as as as as as as as as Leaders. We know that we need the wisdom of a mentor to so okay um um um um um um um um um um I mean well well so so um help us focus on what matters and avoid avoid avoid avoid avoid avoid avoid avoid avoid avoid costly mistakes yet, too often finding that okay well um I mean so so so so so so so so so so so uh so okay person. We trust and whose experienced is impossible. And then and and and and and and and and and and then and then and then and then and then and then and then then then then then then then then then then and then and then if we do find I mean um well um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh like so them then on the other side of the world or is is is is is is is is is is too expensive or um so so uh okay uh uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean they just don't have the time. I've been mentoring people now for over like like like like like like like like like like like you know um well uh um okay like 30 years in a one-on-one basis and and and and and and and and and and at the start of this year. I've okay well so well I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know like been thinking a lot about how I can mentor mentor mentor mentor mentor mentor mentor mentor mentor mentor more people how I can help you know I mean uh like well um um you you you you you you you you you you know well more people. So I have created an online community called the the the the the the the the the the mentorship group here. You'll I mean like um uh so I mean so well well well well well well well well well well like be able to join me live for monthly group mentorship sessions. You can can can can can can can can can can ask like I mean um uh well so you know like okay me questions anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything you like whatever you are in the world for a fraction of um well I I I I I I I I I I mean you know uh okay okay okay uh the cost that this would be in. One-to-one mentorship situation. You can be part of this new intimate conversational.