Everyone welcome back to a conversation with the boys. You did. I'm them I'm them them them them them them them them them them I'm them I'm them I'm them I'm them I'm them I'm them I'm them them them them them them them them them them I'm them and I'm Johan so okay so so like you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know and this week. We've got we've got we've got we've got we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've got we've got we've got we've got we've got we've got a new segment, I I I I I I I I I I guess. Yeah, so I um um so so like um I mean you know know know know know know know know know know well guess we're going to try and just talk about something reason that's happened happened happened happened happened happened happened happened happened happened in okay well like you know well well I mean so like the the the the the the the the the the news and I think the bigger story which we thought was kind of entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining um so you know so uh like so uh well was Donald Trump and Modi Modi Modi Modi Modi Modi Modi Modi Modi Modi had a little chat together. So Trump went um uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean you know so uh to India. Oh, yes oh, yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes oh, yes oh, yes oh, yes oh, yes oh, yes oh, yes oh, yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes oh, yes Trump went to India and then when he was there, okay so so so so so so so so so so okay you know um you know so um I mean I mean, okay look before before before before before before before before before before we These I know everyone like beats up on Trump like okay um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like uh um so so all the time and we've tried to avoid it because because because because because because because because because because they like to be boring right now. You know so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um um so well so. I want I want I want I want I I I I I I I I I I want I want I want I want I want I want to hear about this. This this this this this this this this this. Yeah, but this is hilariously like this is hilarious. Okay you know um like um um um um um um um um um um like uh okay um. So I think I think everyone would have seen seen seen seen seen seen seen seen seen seen the movie names and stuff. You're okay uh uh so so like well well well well well well well well well well well like talking about Sachin Tendulkar and Virat Kohli, right? Yeah, and I mean like like like like like like like like like like he tried his hardest okay I mean so you know I mean so well okay you you you you you you you you you you know to get there like to talk about them, which is good. I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean you know okay I mean uh I mean well like so um um um um um um um um um um who's having a leave the most unqualified person to talk about Cricket? Yeah. That's very very very very very very very very very very that's very that's very that's very that's very that's very that's very that's very very very very very very very very very very that's very that's very very true. But man he butchered be fucking me push it. Okay, you said.