Hey friends, welcome to another episode of that sounds fun. I'm your host an EF EF EF EF EF EF EF EF EF EF so okay uh so okay so well I mean uh down. So happy to to to to to to to to to to be here with you today the music in the background, you know, like well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well uh well you know like it's from our good buddy. Mr. Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr. Toren Wells make sure you grab a copy of I mean well well well well well well well well well well um um you know I mean like I mean okay his new album citizen of of of of of of of of of of Heaven. Hey friend. Just wanted to thank you for your um okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well so well you know you know well kindness to Dave Kevin and his his his his his his his his his his wife Jill this week continue to send your so um so so okay you you you you you you you you you you know like like like love prayers. And if you would like to donate to help them them them them them them them them them them it's again at uh uh I mean okay like well like uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean pray for Jill.com. They on they on they on they on they on they they they they they they they they they they on they on they on they on they on the show is one of of of of of of of of of of my favorite the one of uh well I mean so so I mean well you you you you you you you you you you know so the OG bloggers one of the original people that were writing in in in in in in in in in in our space uh you know like well I mean uh okay like uh one of of of of of of of of of of my favorite friend. She's just hilarious Melanie Shankle. She's a New York um um um um um um um um um um well well um I mean I mean um like um Times bestseller and her most most most most most most most most most most recent book just came out last week if called uh so like uh you know so so so so so so so so so so okay you know uh on the bright side and it is excellent. We jumped jumped jumped jumped jumped jumped jumped jumped jumped jumped right in we haven't you know you know like uh um um so so uh caught caught caught caught caught caught caught caught caught caught up in a little bit and I think you're going to enjoy just to proper catch up between good friends. So here's a conversation with.