You have tuned into Irish Illustrated Insider. I'm Tim Priester with Tim O'Malley to man man man man man man man man man man um uh um I mean so uh well uh I mean Booth today today today today today today today today today today on Monday, March 2nd snorting spring drills. Begin this Thursday, March 5th or or or or or or or or or or uh uh well like I mean so you know you know uh reminder reminder reminder reminder reminder reminder reminder reminder reminder reminder to everybody. We will be having another podcast on Friday, March 6th. Well so you you you you you you you you you you know I mean you know I mean you know so okay. And as we go go go go go go go go go go through the spring, there's going to be a break again uh like okay so so so so so so so so so so um well um well uh after that first practice, but as we go through the the the the the the the the the the spring, we will try okay I mean um like you know like okay like like like like like like like like like like so to hit as many podcasts as we can. Take a relief following practices practices practices practices practices practices practices practices practices practices that well okay well uh like okay I mean so I mean are open open open open open open open open open open to the media how many we have Tim we have five open you know know know know know know know know know know well um uh I mean like um so you know by Focus and and and and and and and and and and the Beauties. They're all full because that's yeah. Yeah, there's and in the so so so so so so so so so so um you know uh like uh I mean you know uh new facility, so we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll have an opportunity. We'll have a much better vantage I mean so well so so so so so so so so so so so okay uh so okay point. I think I think I think I think think think think think think think think think think I think I think I think I think I think I think we mentioned that last last last last last last last last last last podcast well take two hours to get a or well you know um well you know know know know know know know know know know okay okay well you know an hour to get her practice report out out out out out out out out out out afterwards either because you can do a little well you know so you you you you you you you you you you know uh um um uh well bit on your computer, right? Yeah, actually, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you're actually set up and so so you know well I mean okay uh okay um can can can can can can can can can can actually work. So we're looking forward to that before we get into spring practice and all that.