A friend afriend afriend afriend afriend afriend afriend afriend afriend afriend you were listening to episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode number three of dear past. Thank you. Uh I mean okay you you you you you you you you you you know okay so like okay okay. My guest today is a high school friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend and former coworker. She joins me to you know uh um uh uh okay you you you you you you you you you you know I mean well share her emotional story of abuse loss trauma in divorce. I I I I I I I I I I am I am I am I am I am I am I am I am am am am am am am am am am I am I am so grateful I mean so like you know like like like like like like like like like like um so well so for this opportunity to spend time with her and talk about about about about about about about about about about her story and forty three okay you know you know well um like I mean well you you you you you you you you you you know year Journey. I just have to say that throughout High School. This girl was you you you you you you you you you you know I mean uh okay um okay um okay okay always smiling. She She She She She She She She She She had she had she had she had she had she had she had she had had had had had had had had had had she had she had the best sense of humor and was just so fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun to so well well uh uh you know I mean like okay be be be be be be be be be be around even to this day. She is she is she is she is she she she she she she she she she she is she is she is she is she is she is still full of life and and and and and and and and and and so are okay you know well like well well um so uh her kids. I I I I I I I I I I love her energy her philanthropy her love for people and her love for uh like like like like like like like like like like okay like okay okay you know okay I mean Life. Enjoy the episode. Alright. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, thank you so much for joining episode 3 of like you know like well well well well well well well well well well so you know uh I mean so dear past. Thank you. I am here with my friend Allison and I'm really excited for you to hear her.