Keep a good distance from the microphone wasn't right with my favorite you who's who's who's who's who's who's who's who's who's who's I mean you know well okay like um well like you know that guy next to to to to to to to to to to him? Welcome back to topics of Interest with Nick and okay like um so um um um um um um um um um um like um well you know Mark. I am your host Nick Harrigan and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm the other host Marc like so well well um well um you know uh murphy. Murphy Murphy Murphy Murphy Murphy Murphy Murphy Murphy Murphy. And today and today and today and today and today and today and today and and and and and and and and and and today and today and today we have a very special guest Tyler Nord Nord Nord Nord Nord Nord Nord Nord Nord Nord everyone like well so okay like um uh okay so Tyler your part-time host. Host host host host host host host host host. Yeah. Let's get it. So Mark, so Mark, so Mark, so Mark, so Mark, so Mark, Mark, Mark, Mark, Mark, Mark, Mark, Mark, Mark, Mark, so Mark, so Mark, so Mark, so Mark, Mark Mark, New like like you know know know know know know know know know know uh so I mean um like well Tyler and college so how'd you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys meet we met sophomore year well you know I mean so okay you you you you you you you you you you know okay like I mean in chemistry lab. Yeah. So we so we so we we we we we we we we we we so we so we so we so we so we so we so we I I I I I I I I I I barely showed the chemistry but marked had a deep well uh uh uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay uh chemistry. We first we first we first we first we we we we we we we we we we first we first we first we first we first we first met but it it it it it it it it it it was there be but it was there. We took well okay I mean well like like like like like like like like like like you know um like okay the we just say major so we had all the same same same same same same same same same same classes together and decide to uh you know like uh um you know um um um um um um um um um um well okay sit by each other and this is Back when Mark was a Maki, correct. Yeah. We were both mechanical engineering Majors before he gave up.