Hey folks hey folks hey folks hey folks hey folks hey folks hey folks folks folks folks folks folks folks folks folks folks hey folks hey folks hey folks coming to you live. If you don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't know the drill you sure as okay I mean okay like like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know uh uh hell should by now sitting here episode 42 got another action-packed action-packed action-packed action-packed action-packed action-packed action-packed action-packed action-packed action-packed episode for you here well I mean you know so you know uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh today. We are rocking and rolling. That's Grace Ibrahim behind the glass on on on on on on on on on on the ones uh like okay so like like I mean you know well and and and and and and and and and and twos and the man the solution to our audio that is Tyler on okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well you know okay uh you know like okay the dice today rocking rocking rocking rocking rocking rocking rocking rocking rocking rocking and rolling were excited. To have you here Tuesday after Friday um um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so um like well uh Tuesday after Friday, you know the dance by now. All right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, folks. Hang right with you know um I mean you know you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay us here time to pay the bills just to let you folks folks folks folks folks folks folks folks folks folks know that with uh you know like so like um okay you know okay the new manscape manscape manscape manscape manscape manscape manscape manscape manscape manscape lawn mower 3.0 cuts and Nick's are officially a thing of the past. Like like you know know know know know know know know know know okay um okay you know well um. This is this is this is this this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is this is this is their third generation generation generation generation generation generation generation generation generation generation trimmer featuring Advanced Skin safe technology. So you so you so you so so so so so so so so so so you so you so you so you so you so you so you keep your bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad you know okay you know you know well so like uh well boys nice and and and and and and and and and and smooth if you support the brain only dumb show. You don't you don't you don't you you you you you you you you you you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't only two.