Before we before we before we before we before we before we before we we we we we we we we we we before we before we before we get started today. I just wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to talk to you guys quickly about Spotify uh um you know okay I I I I I I I I I I mean so like you know like on Spotify. You can listen to all all all all all all all all all all of your favorite artists and podcast and one um well you know so okay um um um um um um um um um um so I mean um place that's for free. You don't even need a premium premium premium premium premium premium premium premium premium premium account and that is great because well uh okay uh like you know okay you you you you you you you you you you know like let's face it. We are we are we are we are we are are are are are are are are are are we are we are we are we are we are all trying to save a a a a a a a a a a little bit these days. So well so well so well so well so well so so so so so so so so so so well so well so well so well so well uh um um um I I I I I I I I I I mean um um you know with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So So So So So So So So So So you so you so you so you so you so you so you so you so so so so so so so so so so you so you never miss an episode you can okay you know um like like like like like like like like like like so well um um you know share whatever you're listening to with your friends on Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram and premium users can even well so well well like uh I mean you know know know know know know know know know know okay download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever you are if you're like like like like like like like like like like me, I mean like okay okay so uh you know like like you probably have have have have have have have have have have too many. The apps the apps the apps the apps the apps the apps apps apps apps apps apps apps apps apps apps the apps the apps the apps the apps downloaded already but this one is actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually like um I mean like you know okay like like uh useful. Useful useful useful useful useful useful useful useful useful. So if you haven't done so already download the Spotify app search for you know so so so so so so so so so so um you know uh I mean okay I mean I mean your favorite podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts in the you are Library tab. Also, make well well well well well well well well well well okay uh like I mean so so I mean you know sure to to to to to to to to to to follow us on there. So you so you so you so you so you you you you you you you you you you so you so you so you so you so you never miss an episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode of optimal living so I mean you know okay I mean you know uh like so so so so so so so so so so advice. That being said, let's get into today's episode. Hello, everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to episode 46 well so you know okay so well I mean uh I mean of of of of of of of of of of optimal living advice to podcast where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.