If you if you if you if you if you if you if you you you you you you you you you you if you if you if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast. Let okay you know like um uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well me explain it's free. Its creation tools that allow you to to to to to to to to to to record and edit so I mean like well you know you know well so well well well well well well well well well well your podcast from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute pop your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. Well you know I mean okay so like you know uh well. So So So So So So So So So So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from um um um um um um um um um um so um you know like you know so you know like your your your your your your your your your your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in you you you you you you you you you you know well I mean so well so I mean well like one place. Because obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously we wouldn't be able to do this without anchor. So thank um well like like like like like like like like like like okay um you know um well okay you anchor forced upon stirring us download the the the the the the the the the the free anchor app or go to uh um like I mean uh I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean you know okay Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get started. Hey everybody. We just wanted to let you you you you you you you you you you I mean so uh I mean um okay uh uh so know for this one one one one one one one one one one starts. It's not a full podcast night. We just have okay okay okay um um um um um um um um um um okay so so okay uh an interview with Matt Stokes of Mount Olive baseball and y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all do a special you know you know I mean uh so uh okay um I I I I I I I I I I mean special edition this week. We're still be back for the regular podcast on Sunday night, but we had opportunity to talk with Matt.