It's a truth business Airbnb or otherwise, if you don't have customers you don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't have a you know well well you know well uh um uh like business business business business business business business business business business but with Airbnb and gets worse because you have expenses. If you I mean okay like like like like like like like like like like I mean okay so so okay like don't have customers you will quickly lose lose lose lose lose lose lose lose lose lose money and eventually have to close up uh uh okay um uh I I I I I I I I I I mean like like I mean shop. Here's what here's what here's what here's what here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's what here's what here's what here's what here's what here's what to do. If If If If If If If If If If you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're if you're if you're not getting bookings 8 strategies to revitalize your your your your your your your your your your I mean you know I mean like well like well I mean you you you you you you you you you you know listing make your offer more appealing and to get back in search results ultimately ultimately ultimately ultimately ultimately ultimately ultimately ultimately ultimately ultimately so I mean well uh I mean so you know um I mean winning winning winning winning winning winning winning winning winning winning you more bookings and possibly at a higher price point taking you from the well well well well well well well well well well well um uh well um okay like so red into the black with with with with with with with with with with your air B&B. This is Sean Rocky GH with like um I mean you know I I I I I I I I I I mean um okay you know um Airbnb automated and let's talk about how to get get get get get get get get get get get you more bookings. You know you know you know you know you know you you you you you you you you you you know you know you know you know you know I mean like um um um um um um um um um um you know so well um so. Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back are being the the the the the the the the the the family these eight strategies will get you more like I mean um okay um um um um um um um um um um so you know okay I mean bookings and I'm going to order them and level level level level level level level level level level of difficulty / a level of well well you know well I mean like like like like like like like like like like okay um uh commitment or permanence. Some of these are going to be super super super super super super super super super super simple to implement. They're okay I mean I mean so like um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh you know just going to be a couple of small changes. Some of of of of of of of of of of them will require so uh um I mean you know uh so um uh some some some some some some some some some some deep thought some might even require a little bit of investment and um well well well well well well well well well well like uh I mean um I mean uh well this will really depend on why you're not getting bookings which ones that you'll implement. But by the end.