Hello and welcome to patch and this is a podcast. That's about well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay I mean like so you know you know OverWatch. I'm always amazed with with with with with with with with with with much League hosting skills, huh? I'm always I'm always I'm always I'm always I'm always always always always always always always always always always I'm always I'm always I'm always I'm always I'm always amazed with your okay um well well well well well well well well well well um like uh so so well hosting skills. I mean, I wasn't really listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening to you. I was tuning you um um okay well like you know know know know know know know know know know okay um I mean out. I've already listened to you enough the last two days, but but but but but but but but but but welcome. We I mean um um you know I mean well well like like like like like like like like like like so have a lot of stuff to go over today. Not really because we we we we we we we we we we just I mean I mean um um uh um okay you know you know watch watch watch watch watch watch watch watch watch watch the same teams play for the last five weeks, but we got hero hero hero hero hero hero hero hero hero hero pools um okay well um um I mean well I mean like now. Yeah. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. Thanks both of you on the ends. The fuck the fuck the fuck the the the the the the the the the the fuck the fuck the fuck the fuck the fuck the fuck the fuck do do do do do do do do do do I was um okay uh um like like well well so listening back to the the the the the the the the the the companion stream and you were like, oh, it's not that well like well um um um um um um um um um um so well uh well well bad right on this pan. So now you're actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually targeting me during uh you know like uh so okay uh um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean the podcast when I saw you live say I did not that bad. But so so so so so so so so so so but so but so but so but so but so but so but so but but but but but but but but but but so but so like well I mean um uh I mean uh like what I'm doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing is I'm trying to dig into your own insecurities about picking rhino. Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like um um I mean um uh so so I mean. I'm so I'm so I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so happy about it. Yeah hiring happy with my selections about you. You were you you you you you you you you you you were you were you were you were you were you were you were you you you you you you you you you you were you were uh I mean well okay well you know so um well well well well well well well well well well the worst I couldn't think of to like, I woke up this morning. I thought about it. I was like all I play is hitscan Heroes.