Hey, what's going on? Everybody? Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the take it or leave it okay okay you know like so well you know okay um um podcast. I'm one of your hosts Egan for our with one of my co-host jordan. Like you like you like you like you like you like you like you like you like you like you like you know well um okay I mean um so you know uh. What's up guys? This is Jordan and Brady Turner. Hey, how's it going you know you know okay uh so well well okay so uh guys? This is Brady Turner. This is the first episode of the Italian. Wait a second. I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean okay I mean so like I mean I mean okay I mean I mean. Why didn't I get my last name introduced as well? All right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right Brady got well um you know well like okay I mean I mean um you know his I knew as soon as I said it someone would bring it up but I mean okay uh okay so uh you know well like okay his regards kind of bullshit, but I'll let it slide. All right with my I mean um you know um so okay uh well like okay co-host. Jordan Reese, here we go. What's up? Its Jordan its Jordan its Jordan its Jordan its Jordan its Jordan its Jordan its Jordan its Jordan its Jordan its Jordan Reese here Reese, please. This you know like okay um you know so like uh okay I mean is our first episode of our podcast on this podcast were basically we talked about a like I mean okay uh like uh like I mean uh I mean bunch of random stuff. We're probably getting probably going to be fairly intoxicated while we're uh I mean well uh like um so okay you know you know doing this. Actually, let's actually, let's actually, let's actually, let's actually, let's actually, let's actually, let's actually, let's actually, let's actually, let's actually, let's start with that. So to begin with we uh okay like I mean like well like uh so well will ask our good old friend Siri to pick a number between one and uh like okay um um so like you know um so five. She's a she's a she's a she's a she's a she's a she's a she's a she's a she's a she's a really hot girl we have in studio with us. So definitely it's definitely.