Hi everybody. I'm here to talk to you about anchor anchors our new podcast okay you know um okay you know okay um like okay like hosting service and they make things so simple. It's a One-Stop shop when it uh so uh like um so uh so uh like comes to Distributing your podcast to all the different platforms Spotify Apple podcast well uh you know like I mean um uh well like like Google podcast. You name it? They've got they've got they've got they've got they've got they've got they've got they've got they've got they've got they've got a way to distribute to it on top of that. You know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know well well uh so uh like you know um you know. They have editing tools baked right into the website makes life so much like you know I mean um um so well um okay I mean simpler back when I started podcasting. It was an entire to do you had um so you know so well well uh you know like like to know how to record it where to record it how to upload it pay like um I mean uh I mean um uh so like well for the hosting did I mention they're hosting is free and they will hook you like okay okay you know like so like I mean well uh up with advertisers so that you can make money download the anchor app or well like I mean you know uh like okay um so I mean go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening to the tenants uh so you know um uh um I mean I mean um okay on the Kyle Dempster Studios Network support this and other shows at patreon.com forward slash Kyle I mean okay I mean well like um um I mean well you know Dempster Studios, you could gain access to an exclusive new podcast patreon only if okay okay so so um I mean well well um I mean you want to hear the inner workings of my weird mind, that's the place to go. We also we also we also we also we also we also we also we also we also we also we also have twitch coaching lessons.