This week's episode is all about working away from the home Mamas and the stay-at-home moms. I mean okay you know um so I mean you know I mean uh uh. And we just kind of want to share our experiences since I stay at uh okay uh uh okay I mean um okay um okay home with my kids Sam works out of the home and just kind of I mean so um uh uh so well um like I mean bring a little bit of insight and show you that there are really great so like uh I mean well um you know like I mean like things. There are there are there are there are there are there are there are there are there are there are there are some really messy Parts about each roll. So go and do whatever I mean well you know well I mean uh uh okay so okay you do when you listen to podcasts whether you're cleaning your kitchen or okay uh uh okay you know like like um um you know throw your kiddos in their stroller and go for a walk and let's chat. Hey okay so so well you know I mean you know um you know okay mamas, I'm Sam and I'm Taryn and together. We're the messy Mama's we've created the okay uh you know so so like well so okay okay messy Mama pod because we've both experienced the messiness that motherhood brings. We're completely we're completely we're completely we're completely we're completely we're completely we're completely we're completely we're completely we're completely we're completely unfiltered and so well like uh uh so well I mean okay uh unapologetically ourselves as we chat about all things motherhood. Once a month were going to be spotlighting okay so I mean okay okay okay so okay I mean um one of you mama's so that you can share your story advocate for your babies like you know okay okay um okay well uh you know well and connect with the other messy moms in our community dry. Shampoo is our best you know um uh like uh uh uh okay you know okay friend in this shirt may or may not be Queen. Our lives our lives our lives our lives our lives our lives our lives our lives our lives our lives our lives are completely chaotic.