What is everybody this is recovery when I'm Jay lag and I'm NB and like I mean so uh like um well like you know uh this episode is recapping reviewing the season finale of see of chilling Adventures of Sabrina uh like you know uh um um so uh um you know season 3 episode 8 and it's called chapter 28. Sabrina is sabrina is sabrina is sabrina is sabrina is sabrina is sabrina is sabrina is sabrina is sabrina is sabrina is Legend and don't okay okay uh well uh I mean you know I mean so um forget guys stick around for the any because we are going to go through our well okay okay I mean uh like I mean uh uh okay recap roundups. Our best our best our best our best our best our best our best our best our best our best our best moments are best lines of the episode. So be so be so be so be so be so be so be so be so be so be so be sure to um well you know you know okay I mean you know um like so stick around for that. We also have our contest going on right now for like okay uh well okay okay okay okay um um a chance to win a $50 Amazon gift card and a pop socket. To enter just I mean um you know uh like you know okay you know okay uh written comments on our iTunes page and you'll be entered in the draw. We're extending well so you know well so uh you know okay like you know this contest to the end of Riverdale season for so we have lots of time um you know okay okay I mean like you know okay um uh as always to or containing listeners in a brand new ones. Thank you okay okay um uh like well okay like well like for joining us. Don't forget to like comment and subscribe to the channel. Let's get into like uh you know um so so uh I mean okay uh the episode. Yo, let's get into it the season finale. What do you think? It was you know like well okay uh well um like well uh it was good? It was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was really good. They're a couple things that I think I would have wanted done differently. But yeah, I'm still satisfied with what we got and.