What's up - Lapham. Welcome to taking sides the marriage podcast with Dylan and uh like well okay uh you know I mean um well uh Ashlee of the - Lee's we are on a high right now. We just filmed um um um well I mean you know so um well you know one podcast with one of my heroes in this world Ralphie Jacobs from taking well I mean uh like well well well you know you know okay from taking sides from Simply on purpose - we should ever on this podcast. So you know like okay I mean you know okay uh I mean um okay that's going to be on big little life right now. We have well well you know you know um so like so okay like all of your emails. We're just going to go through them answer them with so so I mean like you know uh I mean um uh like our heart. I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm really trying to answer these well for you guys down and well uh okay you know okay okay you know uh you know so I are just two normal people. Or and we have our own struggles. So we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're you know uh like you know uh like so okay well okay just going to tell you what we would hope that we would do you know okay okay okay um okay okay well you know okay in these situations. We would hope that we would do and will also tell um I mean I mean um so well um well so okay you what we have done which was probably what we hoped. We wouldn't do combined like so um okay like um I mean okay so um with some things. We've learned we've learned we've learned we've learned we've learned we've learned we've learned we've learned we've learned we've learned we've learned in marriage therapy and books and all that good stuff. I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean well you know so like like like like so so. So without further Ado, let's get started by do it looks of mine with the well I mean like okay well I mean I mean so like I mean stuff from books. Hey everyone, you're listening to taking sides with the - Lee's a show where couples and.