Hi, everyone, what's happened? And I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm here with Johnny. Bargain has all she on top uh you know um you know I mean so okay well you know like and Blake all good. So today so today so today so today so today so today so today so today so today so today so today we are recording the first episode of okay like I mean like so um um um I mean you know the podcast that we've been talking about recording for at least two or three months. You know okay okay like like well um uh okay well. He has he has he has he has he has he has he has he has he has he has he has smelt a long story short may not going to be in touch for I mean okay okay uh okay like okay um like um a while and I made not for sample cups of coffee on the lisburn road um okay well I mean so like um you know okay you know and we thought that the ideas and the conversation we were having may help a well uh I mean well you know like uh well I mean so few older. So this is all very much part in those thoughts into action. And you and you and you and you and you and you and you and you and you and you and you know uh well well you know you know well well I mean well if we can help at least one other person as a byproduct of our conversations so like um okay you know okay well like I mean you know recording and Publishing it then we think this is a very valuable form to do. Well okay I mean like uh well uh you know well well. So, so first of all, we're just going to basically introduce ourselves so you can get I mean so okay okay I mean like you know um um like to know us that more about who you actually listened to and then down the line move like um uh like uh well I mean um uh well very much want to delve into some of those deeper questions that may I mean like I mean like well I mean so so like uh help others. So just by where personal introduction my name is Asha Monaghan. I'm from a gallon which is about 10 minutes from the organ.