Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need more voices in the you know well well like like okay okay like okay well church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast to the Traditions you know uh okay okay I mean okay like I mean uh so passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing we're seeing we're seeing we're seeing we're seeing we're seeing we're seeing we're seeing we're seeing we're seeing we're seeing unfolding before our eyes. There well I mean like okay um well I mean okay um you know are a lot of ways to get involved and an easy one is to I mean I mean okay um well like I mean okay well I mean start a podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast hosting platform. If I if I if I if I if I if I if I if I if I if I if I mean like um um so you know okay uh so um you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let okay um like I mean like you know like well like well me explain it's free. There's Russian there's Russian there's Russian there's Russian there's Russian there's Russian there's Russian there's Russian there's Russian there's Russian there's Russian tools that allow you to record and like uh uh so okay so I mean well uh okay edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your uh I mean okay uh so um like uh okay okay podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can like um I mean like okay I mean I mean you know like you know actually make some money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you okay I mean I mean you know so so so I mean you know well need to make a podcast in one convenient location. So if you're interested uh like okay like okay so I mean like like okay download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.