Greetings Prince apps welcome to the second episode of the government being cast a like well uh um so um well I mean okay well podcast dedicated to discussing the adapters. Titanic's will gain produced by Games Workshop. This is well well I mean uh um like um like you know you know the second ever podcast I've ever made. So I hope this isn't too horrible well well I mean I mean you know um okay um well so and still trying to find my feet. So I hope you are bear I mean um um so so well uh uh well so with the bad editing in places. I've done my best to fix stuff I mean well so um so um um I mean uh you know and re-recorded sections that were terrible. Anyway, let's get on with the show in I mean um you know uh well um like um um I mean this show. I cover recent news and questions that I've been asked by the community. So um so um so um so um so um so um so um so um so um so um so um well okay like like you know I mean well okay. I then spend the rest of the show focus on a conversation about so you know so well so well I mean I mean I mean you know maniples the basic building blocks of the game. I was I was I was I was I was I was I was I was I was I was I was intending to spend some time discussing I mean um like I mean um um uh uh so uh how to use them as narrative devices, but following some feedback and realizing I mean well like so uh okay I mean well I mean um have a lot of Basic Ground to cover I'll be focusing on the man of so um um well I mean so so okay well uh courses primarily from gaming perspective. This is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is a longer episode than I initially planned and well um I mean like like I mean well so like okay you'll probably notice a slight change in Styles throughout the main section of the you know uh like so well uh okay like you know like shug. This week this week this week this week this week this week this week this week this week this week this week work was a lot busier than I was expecting and much for my normal recording time was taken by.