Hi all 90-day Bri here with your tea on AfterBuzz TVs. 90-day fiance News Daily. We haven't like well um well like I mean you know okay you know like gotten to see much of Stephanie on the new season of a for you know uh okay okay uh I mean so um well like the 90 days, but we know that she has a plastic anemia that her uh I mean um well I mean um okay you know um so girlfriend from the show lives in Australia and that her family is unaware that you know um so like okay so you know I mean um um she's dating a woman what you might not know about Stephanie though is that she you know like um well like okay well well you know so sells naked photos of herself online. That's right. Stephanie has a patron where she has content. That's you know you know okay you know like so uh uh you know you know a bit risque. It seems some people may have found this out though as um um uh like so so like like okay you know Stephanie took her Instagram stories to lay everything out. Out she states well well okay well you know I mean well well like okay that she is not ashamed of this content and that having the patron has okay you know uh like you know um um okay um um financed her documentary as well as other creative projects and it's also helped her income in general. I mean you know you know so um you know I mean um um uh. She ends it saying I'm a hello an advocate a writer a content creator okay well okay like okay you know like um so well a dumbass. I'm allowed I'm allowed I'm allowed I'm allowed I'm allowed I'm allowed I'm allowed I'm allowed I'm allowed I'm allowed I'm allowed to be everything. I'm allowed to love whoever I want. So um you know so well um okay okay you know I mean. I am not definable good for you girl. A woman should be allowed to do okay well so uh like like um like well like whatever she wants with her body and her patreon is 18 plus. So I mean um uh well I mean okay I mean like well you know not just anyone can watch if you want to support her and her Patron head over to patreon.com.