What is up guys? This is Stu is what the fuck Jim talk. So I made okay so like uh I mean okay okay I mean you know you know a post the other day about the you know, I even made a podcast it was probably one you know so um well like uh well okay well I mean or two podcast back now from here maybe but about you know, your so I mean like I mean I mean you know I mean well okay so gym not being the best our today, you know, I think it should be uh um okay I mean you know you know I mean so so um more of a pillar of the schedule and I made this Instagram post and like you know um so like well I mean uh like I mean I dropped it in a couple of Philly at owners groups. And anyway, so you know um um uh I mean I mean well um well obviously you can imagine the feedback was was was mixed and one individual this Rob he you know I mean well I mean uh you know so I mean so so owns a gym. I believe I believe I believe I believe I believe I believe I believe I believe I believe I believe I believe it's called CrossFit rise again. I apologize Rob if I'm um uh like like uh uh like so so well fucking that up. You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, he shot me a DM and you just like bro. I uh you know like so uh like well like you know I mean don't I don't agree. I think this argument is pointless. I don't get it. You should okay uh like you know uh I mean you know uh I mean you know strive to do both like and he just didn't agree with it which was but he you know like I mean I mean okay um okay well well you know reached out to me and show me a DM and I do what I uh so well okay like like uh um I mean um typically do when I hit him with an audio message and explain my position and um well so uh well you know you know so um you know you know next thing, you know, we're back and forth with a few audio messages and okay I mean okay uh well you know so uh I mean so the guy, you know, we're we went from adversarial to you know, I probably go get a beer the.