Hey, Joel, since we just finished our podcast. How are how are how are how are how are how are how are how are how are how are how are we going to upload this like I mean well um well so you know well you know so stuff? You haven't heard about anchor dot. F m-- Nah, man. What is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is like okay okay uh uh like like I mean so like it all about Oh Sees easiest way to make a podcast really so well, first so uh well like well uh well um you know okay of all, it's completely free. You don't go to pay nothing. Really? Yeah. So are we you know uh so uh you know like okay okay um so just dumping the audio on the Internet or is there a ways to do things with like I mean so you know I mean well you know uh uh well it then? Oh, no anchors got creation tools allow you to record and edit your um I mean so I mean you know um well you know okay okay podcast right from your phone or your computer. Wow. That is so awesome. Yes. So like well um I mean I mean uh okay okay you know. Now is it? It just on anchor or does it go anywhere else after you post uh so well I mean like like so you know uh you know it? Well, once you post anchor anchor will distribute it out so I can be heard like you know I mean I mean I mean like um well uh you know on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch more places. You don't have to do anything so you know you know so so okay well okay you know so but post it to Anchor. Awesome. Is there any way to make money off of okay you know well you know you know so uh so well I mean it? Yeah, you can make money starting with your podcast with no minimum listenership. You like you like you like you like you like you like you like you like you like you like you like okay so well I mean well like like I mean so can make money right away. You can start making money man. That is awesome. So um I mean you know well so um you know you know you know so what you're saying is it's everything you need to to make a podcast uh um okay uh I mean so so like um I mean in one place. That's exactly what I'm saying. Wow. So download the free anchor app or go to.