Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if you well um like like like I mean so um well uh want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported that uh uh like well you know so so you know you know you know Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew Link in the um well okay so you know I mean I mean like so uh description and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie okay so you know you know well uh um like you know like was certainly going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because Claire okay okay well you know uh I mean well I mean um okay Crawley was announced as next season's leading woman. So let so let so let so let so let so let so let so let so let so let so let me get this straight. Like okay you know so uh so okay you know um so. Maddie was filming something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so she okay like okay uh I mean so so well well okay has to be the winner of this season, right? Is there any other like um okay I mean so well well so okay so reason Maddie would have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as of right now you know you know well um uh you know um um you know you know I see no other explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let me um so like um uh so you know okay well um know your thoughts down in the comments below. That's all that's all that's all that's all that's all that's all that's all that's all that's all that's all that's all I've got for today on you know like so uh um uh like so so like Bachelor News Daily. But if you're new to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep uh you know well uh like you know okay so well well dive on her earlier today. So check that out on this channel and make sure I mean um okay uh well um okay so I mean so you check out our Bachelor after show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.