Wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from well from well from well from well from well from well from well from well from well from well from hard work grows over time Proverbs 13 uh uh okay I mean uh I mean I mean so I mean okay 11. I read a story recently about a 24 year old who went to visit a so I mean like like like like uh well so so financial planner the financial planner asked to see her spending habits the author of uh um uh you know well like okay um well uh the article shared that through to over the phone sessions in a couple of weeks okay I mean I mean you know like like well like uh well of financial reflection. She found she found she found she found she found she found she found she found she found she found she found that she didn't have to give up things. She really she really she really she really she really she really she really she really she really she really she really loved well um so uh so well I mean you know you know well to save money that realization helped her get past Financial anxiety and helped her to um I mean okay you know well okay uh you know like um make productive spending cuts during the sessions. Which each lasted about an hour they discussed you know you know like uh like like so um so well her background shared screens to look at a monthly credit card statement and addressed goals for like I mean you know well you know you know okay uh um like the week. The financial accountability was intended to help her prepare and save for uh you know I mean so I mean so like so I mean you know the future. It's encouraging to know that the Bible is full of wise advice on okay like you know well uh so like um so um how to handle and how to view Money In fact money is mentioned hundreds of times um um I mean so well okay um um uh uh in the Bible including the verse from Proverbs we heard today. Let's hear it again wealth I mean like well well like uh like so um like from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from well from well from well from well from well from well from well from well from well from well from hard work grows over time. It's also important to remember.