Before we before we before we before we before we before we before we before we before we before we before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly about I mean uh uh you know you know okay well well I mean um Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcast and one uh I mean you know like uh like you know so okay like place that's for free. You don't even need a premium account and that is great okay you know um uh okay uh so I mean um like because let's face it. We are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are all trying to save a little bit these days. Okay uh okay you know like so like well you know um. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So you so you so you so you so you so you so you so you so you so you so you never miss an episode you I mean okay you know you know you know um uh okay well like can share whatever you're listening to with your friends on Instagram and premium users can well so um okay so I mean okay okay you know well even download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever you are if you're I mean so so uh like you know okay I mean okay so like me, you probably have too many. The apps downloaded already but this one is so you know I mean uh um okay I mean okay you know so actually useful. So if you haven't done so already download the Spotify app search so so uh I mean um like uh I mean uh so for your favorite podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts in the you are Library tab. So okay so okay so okay so okay so okay so okay so okay so okay so okay so okay so okay okay well okay well uh um uh uh. Also, make sure to follow us on there. So you never miss an episode of optimal like uh you know you know like I mean well like so well living advice. That being that being that being that being that being that being that being that being that being that being that being said, let's get into today's episode. Hello, everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody Welcome you know um I mean you know so okay you know like okay like to episode 45 of optimal living advice the podcast where we take any questions um well so well well uh I mean um um uh you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.