Welcome to level out with Cheryl and Danny way he to help you take your health I mean so um so so like so well okay you know Fitness and wants it to the next level. It's time to level up. Hello um like like so well well like like you know uh and welcome to episode 14 of level up with Cheryl and Danny today's episode is uh so okay um I mean um I mean well um uh called movement is medicine. I just rolls off the tongue doesn't it? Does it so um so I mean I mean I mean well like well like I think it's what we've been saying for the last few weeks. I okay well um uh well you know you know so okay well feel like we've been saying movement is medicine. It's cool to see everyone like I mean like well like so so I mean like I mean sharing the arm the post that we put on the Instagram page as well. Absolutely. Uh like uh like uh like uh like uh like uh like uh like uh like uh like uh like uh like I mean um uh well I mean like I mean uh. It's about yes branding that positive message and helping everyone feel good. And we're well I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean okay so like you know here to really talk about something that I'm super passionate about and I know uh well um well um um I mean you know I mean um you are too. SLI everyday sLI everyday sLI everyday sLI everyday sLI everyday sLI everyday sLI everyday sLI everyday sLI everyday sLI everyday sLI everyday your training working hard and all of that. I work as I mean well well I mean you know I mean um I mean like I mean an osteopath. So this is really our bread and butter, isn't it? Well, it's so uh uh I mean you know you know you know um so like your bread and butter, but I'm here for the ride as well. Fantastic. You're I you're I you're I you're I you're I you're I you're I you're I you're I you're I you're I mean uh well like so uh you know like so well always welcome to come to the light. So today so today so today so today so today so today so today so today so today so today so today we've set it up as a Q&A style. We really.