Hello and welcome to another episode of the Future Socks podcast. My name is Mike rankin. Uh um so so like so you know well well okay. I will be your host this time around and boy. Do we have a special so so you know I mean so okay you know I mean well uh guest for you crystallinity from socks in the basement podcast. You can follow them uh so like uh okay like you know okay um you know on Twitter at Chris Ludacris. What's going on? I appreciate I appreciate I appreciate I appreciate I appreciate I appreciate I appreciate I appreciate I appreciate I appreciate I appreciate you jumping in with I mean well so okay um I mean like okay um you know us to talk some White Sox baseball on the future Sox podcast. This is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is going to you know you know you know uh um you know like okay okay you know be weird for me because I don't normally do interviews. I normally interview other people. Uh okay so you know I mean um so well I mean you know. So I'm going to completely screw this up Mike. Appreciate you having me on the you know um you know you know you know so so uh okay you know show. And yeah, we're excited over at Saks in the basement right now where uh okay so you know I mean you know well um I mean like we've been doing this now for almost two years and it really is like a well you know um okay like like uh I mean well I mean Grassroots thing that I didn't expect to get as big as it's turned into uh I mean well uh so um I mean uh I mean um and now we're you know, we got this live event of cork and Kerry so you know I mean well okay you know like like um you know the park on the 28th, and we're going to be trying out a live broadcast well you know so like um like okay you know um uh from there through the Pod be nap and we're going to be going to two okay so okay uh you know like well so uh um shows a week instead of one and it just it's just it's a fun ride and it's great that we're growing just as the team.