What's up, guys? This episode of the podcast is brought to you by anchor if well well I mean okay like so uh I mean okay you know you don't know about anchor it's the platform that we use to make all of our okay uh uh well well okay you know uh you know you know podcasts and it is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me just well so I mean well um well okay you know I mean I mean break it down for you guys real quick. It is 100% free. There's like like like so okay well so uh like well nothing you have to pay for it comes with all kinds of creation tools so um like well um uh okay okay well um okay that you can record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your okay so okay so so okay so uh well I mean computer wherever it'll automatically distribute your podcast for you so that it can be well well um okay you know uh um um I mean okay heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast, wherever you want to put it you well so okay like well well okay well so you know can make money from your podcast right out the gate. No minimum listenership. You can okay well I mean okay uh well well you know like uh start monetizing right away, which is super awesome. It's literally everything that you need you know uh um so so okay uh well okay um to make a podcast all in one place. So download the free anchor app or well I mean okay you know okay like you know so uh you know go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Enjoy the enjoy the enjoy the enjoy the enjoy the enjoy the enjoy the enjoy the enjoy the enjoy the enjoy the episode guys like you know so like well you know well um like you know shit out in a box and I'll look this way too simple. That's fucking boring. I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean like like okay so you know um so like well. I'm not doing it. Okay. I just reason with myself like within a week of doing I mean uh like uh uh uh I mean so you know well that and then fucking a hundred thieves comes out with some shit like that. It's you know well um like you know you know um okay so so bullshit. It's what's under bro. Come on son. The bomber the bomber the bomber the bomber the bomber the bomber the bomber the bomber the bomber the bomber the bomber jacket is sick though. I alright I will say it looks pretty tight. I'm.