What's going on guys before we get started on today's episode. I want I want I want I want I want I want I want I want I want I want I want to I mean well you know you know I mean uh um so um I mean talk to you guys about anchor anchor is the app that I use to record my well um like so like okay uh um um uh episodes. It's the it's the it's the it's the it's the it's the it's the it's the it's the it's the it's the easiest way to make podcast. It's a hundred percent free and it so like um like I mean so you know like um you know allows you to use tools that allow you to record and edit your like you know like like I mean like like uh like um podcast straight from your phone or computer that allows you to record with friends so um I mean um well um so you know um I mean as well after it's been uploaded to Anchor and go will then distribute your podcast for well okay like um uh I mean like like I mean so you so I can be heard on Spotify app a podcast and many more so you know uh well um I mean you know so like uh you can also definitely make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's you know uh um like um like well so okay uh everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app so um you know I mean you know well well like um like or go to Anchor dot fm to get started. Before I start this um okay well so okay okay uh like uh well podcast, I just want to let you guys know if you are listening you know you know uh like so um uh um well you know to this podcast through headphones. I'm warning I'm warning I'm warning I'm warning I'm warning I'm warning I'm warning I'm warning I'm warning I'm warning I'm warning you right now. It's only going well you know so um like um well like you know well through the left here. I want to believe because that's just the way my well like um uh like I mean so like I mean you know my whole setup. It works it works it works it works it works it works it works it works it works it works it works I guess but I'm going to try to figure out a way how to fix that. But I.