Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I when I when I when I when I when I when I when I when I when I when I say that we need more voices I mean I mean okay okay I mean um I mean like I mean well in the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast to the well you know you know well you know I mean you know so you know so Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding before our eyes. So uh uh okay okay so you know well uh well. There are there are there are there are there are there are there are there are there are there are there are a lot of ways to get involved and an easy one is okay like so I mean like you know so like uh so to start a podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast so um I mean so uh I mean well so okay like hosting platform. If you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a um uh like well well okay well um okay you know podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's Russian tools that allow you to record I mean so um like well I mean I mean um okay I mean and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your okay like well you know uh um like I mean okay well podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many well uh you know you know so um so well okay like more you can actually make some money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. Well well well so so so like I mean well I mean. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make a podcast in one convenient location. So if you know uh um you know uh like I mean I mean so like you're interested download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- like you know I mean I mean so you know so like I mean well to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.