Brooklyn now, I'm down in Tribeca right next to the narrow, but I'll be hood you know uh you know so you know you know um like um like forever. I'm living Sinatra. And since I made it here I can make it well so you know you know um um okay you know well I mean anywhere get a love me everywhere. I used to cop it on them everyone. Welcome so uh I mean you know I mean I mean like okay I mean you know back to the oneworld agencies podcast Tyler and Sheriff here ready to talk about some okay I mean well like so um uh you know you know so pretty cool stuff today. I'm very excited about you Sheriff. I am freaking pumped. Yeah, I mean so well I mean you know um okay you know you know um I would almost consider this like kind of the one of the the like so you know so okay like um I mean um uh first like not real episode, but kind of now diving Until like actual like like you know well like um uh okay like well key Concepts and other things going to talk about besides just you know well okay like you know um okay like so like I mean overarching principle. So I mean we'll talk about today and that this episode is well uh you know well you know well um okay like okay all about the difference between a goal and then idea and I'll dive real quick I mean uh uh like uh um okay you know like uh into what do we mean by that? We obviously we obviously we obviously we obviously we obviously we obviously we obviously we obviously we obviously we obviously we obviously there's a difference between gold and um um you know well I mean like okay uh like uh idea like, you know, Tyler what are you talking about? So I'll break okay uh okay you know well well uh okay well uh it down real quick and basically what me and sheriff came up with one like so okay well I mean well well so you know you know more thing about what we came up with what we what we have found to okay well so well uh well well well I mean well be true and we've been taught is basically the difference in the go and idea is a goal.