Principal Callahan, principal Callahan, principal Callahan, principal Callahan, principal Callahan, principal Callahan, principal Callahan, principal Callahan, principal Callahan, principal Callahan, principal Callahan, I've got principal Velazquez online for put her through Cal. How are okay uh okay okay so like so uh um uh you? Not so bad value self never better, but you can make me even um well so well okay uh uh so you know well happier. Well, I told you we can't keep doing that. It's a conflict of you know so so okay so um um I mean um uh interest. Oh get your mind out of the gutter Callahan. I have I have I have I have I have I have I have I have I have I have I have interns uh like so like you know okay like uh um you know who do that now. Anyway, I saw reports this morning that chili Doug Davis is okay so you know you know I mean okay okay okay like okay looking into the foreign exchange program that she is that she is but it's okay okay well okay I mean um uh you know okay okay gonna take a pretty hefty. Package for me to send her to Barcelona well okay so so so I mean so uh um okay if that's what you're after. You know why they call her chili dog. Well you know um like um um like I mean you know you know. Don't you tell me cow ate 50 of them in one Lunch Period or freshman well like well I mean okay okay okay so like okay year right down the gullet and not 20 minutes later scored a 96 on our uh um like I mean I mean um um you know uh uh biology midterm. Just shy just shy just shy just shy just shy just shy just shy just shy just shy just shy just shy of an A+. Look point is the kids a stud a like I mean like uh uh well well so like um Phenom. I'm not about to give her up for a pack of pens in a book so you know you know well well okay okay like well uh Let's Not Be Hasty. We think we think we think we think we think we think we think we think we think we think we think chili dog will be a great fit in the um like uh I mean um like I mean so you know um halls of our school and coming to Barcelona will be an enriching experience for both her and us now you want to hear my offer what tell me about.