Right. Here we go. Welcome to acres of diamonds. This is actually the first well you know well so I mean uh so I mean I mean I mean time we're going to talk about the Acres of diamonds program in total I mean I mean um like like uh you know you know so like and we're going to talk to a real live student graduate of Acres of I mean um uh like um so so you know I mean well diamonds miss any Coughlin. You got you got you got you got you got you got you got you got you got you got you got the last call going wrong Coghlan cog-lin. No, I no, I no, I no, I no, I no, I no, I no, I no, I no, I no, I think I mean I mean well uh I mean uh uh you know um um you have it wrong. Good week. Do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you have your parents on speed dog? so I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I mean um like I mean um uh I mean like so We talk to them. Well, actually well, actually well, actually well, actually well, actually well, actually well, actually well, actually well, actually well, actually well, actually my dad's death so we can't call him. You know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know so so well you know uh well well you know um. Oh, that's oh, that's oh, that's oh, that's oh, that's oh, that's oh, that's oh, that's oh, that's oh, that's oh, that's probably could I you didn't you didn't learn enough in acres of um like so like like like I mean like so I mean diamonds. If you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you think we can talk to your dad somehow communicate okay you know uh uh uh I mean um well okay well with them. Yeah. Yeah, trust me trust me. Well, I talked to Marcus. So I mean okay I mean so you know so you know okay like so I'm assuming you can talk to your dad occasionally. Yes. Yes, so he may um um I mean okay like well I mean so you know like not answer right away, right, but me I have ways. Yes, is there I talk I talked to Marcus so I meant deaf.