Hey the hey the hey the hey the hey the hey the hey the hey the hey the hey the hey the meaning of fans on dressed in rb3 here to talk to you about you know well uh okay um so like so well well the anchor app. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make like like uh well like you know um I mean I mean I mean a podcast. Let me tell you why first of all, it's because it's free. Also, there's a so like so well like so you know okay like um lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from you know well uh um like you know okay I mean so I mean your phone or your computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it so it so it so it so it so it so it so it so it so it so it could uh I mean like I mean you know okay um uh you know um be heard of Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher or any pod catcher out there. Another like like you know um um I mean like you know I mean so thing is you can make money from your podcast and there's no like um okay like okay uh well like like I mean minimum. Ownership required ownership required ownership required ownership required ownership required ownership required ownership required ownership required ownership required ownership required ownership required is everything you need to make a podcast all in one I mean I mean so um you know uh like like okay like place? So check out anchor download the anchor app or check out anchor dot f m-- well you know you know like I mean you know okay you know I mean I mean they have all the information there for you right there. So do so do so do so do so do so do so do so do so do so do so do it, you well okay you know um um okay well like well well know, when you do the little like clip or whatever just do talk about that you know well so so like uh um so well like for like that like mid break part where you put like an ad. Okay. Yeah. Well I mean I mean so so like like well so you know okay I can add and then you do the thing and then we get back into you know okay you know uh well I mean um um you know like the show. Oh, yeah, whatever. You've been doing that lately. Yeah, he'll do like a little clip of.