Hey guys, it's Tina from the high of scishow. If you haven't heard about I mean um like I mean so well well you know I mean like anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a you know well okay so like well I mean you know you know um hundred percent free this creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right um so um you know uh okay okay I mean well you know from your phone, or you can do it from your computer. Anchor we do well uh so okay well like you know uh well I mean the rest. It's going to distribute your podcast on most popular platforms, like apple well so um well uh uh I mean I mean like okay podcast Google podcast Spotify and many more on top of that. You can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can actually earn you know well um uh like so uh you know you know you know money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make well so um so so you know well like um uh a podcast and one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot uh well I mean okay I mean like uh um okay you know f m-- to get started. You're listening to the high up Sideshow a podcast that allows so like well so well okay uh so I mean so people like you and me to invest our money in the more entertaining way. You know I mean uh like so you know well you know like I mean. My name is Keen arrivals. I'm a photographer by the day, but I make most I mean well you know uh okay like I mean I mean so well of my money by flipping cards and this show I'll be sitting down with you like well so I mean so uh I mean so I mean so and sharing my best practices. You learn my process the lessons. I've learned well well okay uh I mean so like I mean so so and more importantly who you should be buying sup guys and welcome you know well so um well uh you know well well okay back to the show. It's your boy. Keen arrival isn't I'm back today with another episode over the last few days. I've noticed that too.