Oh, can you put a little bit of Honey mix fit to give our yeah, uh I mean like I mean okay I mean you know you know okay like I know did you know that when milk is start again when milk has come well you know you know well uh so okay well like um out of the cow. They died a white because there's pus and blood in it okay like so so like you know uh uh so like and your stroke still drinking cow's milk. Your mom your mom your mom your mom your mom your mom your mom your mom your mom your mom your mom will join to do that is uh you know you know I mean okay uh okay okay okay like disgusting. I've tried I've tried I've tried I've tried I've tried I've tried I've tried I've tried I've tried I've tried I've tried like almond milk was just isn't there's almond produce uh you know well you know okay um well like um uh milk. What breasts what breasts what breasts what breasts what breasts what breasts what breasts what breasts what breasts what breasts what breasts do you squeeze? Not this? Smells good doesn't matter coconut milk is like you know okay so you know like like like okay well a thing. No could do that. Coconut milk coconut milk coconut milk coconut milk coconut milk coconut milk coconut milk coconut milk coconut milk coconut milk coconut milk coconut coconut milk coconut water discussed. So so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so uh okay I mean so like um you know I mean. How can I was absolutely vile? And I and I and I and I and I and I and I and I and I and I and I don't know why people eat okay um you know well you know um I mean so like like it. So drink is it actually tastes like Bean Juice that she would um you know okay um like um so okay you know I mean it's disgusting. Do you know what the problem is what you I don't think I'm a you know well uh okay okay well uh so um uh problem. I think you're the problem. Just leave the cars. We've been we've been we've been we've been we've been we've been we've been we've been we've been we've been we've been drinking cow milk since day one not supposed to drink cow. Mel was supposed to drink her mum's milk.