Welcome everyone to the episode 20. What did I say to ya penitential good stuff so I mean so like I mean you know okay so uh um Episode 22 of Darren my fees and sometimes friends the podcast for a talk you know like uh um um well so like okay um to people much more interesting than myself. I'm joined today by a journalist extraordinaire and I mean um so so you know so so so um um also freelance. Yes. I'll listen. So how this one she's got a mortgage. So I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I mean like okay uh like well like well okay. I'm on the first amount of often the focus. Thank you very much for well well uh so I mean uh um you know so I mean having me alone. We were just discussing how this is a test of your um I mean like uh like well you know well so so own medicine because you run around the world throwing my Mike's in front like well like I mean well like okay I mean you know uh of people and go on. Give us give us give us give us give us give us give us give us give us give us give us a call directly. Yeah. No, it's weird for you know uh like I mean so you know uh I mean uh I mean me to be somebody that answers questions. But here we are. So I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll give well so so like uh okay so you know well uh it give it my best real lovely. I also feel bad as well because you know well um well okay you know you know okay um okay obviously this morning you were on the road. It was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was on a phone in or uh like I mean okay like like um uh I mean okay do you have to go to Studio ever say it was a phone uh I mean uh I mean you know uh I mean you know so uh in from the house. So I was reading up everybody who's with her International Women's Day I mean okay like like you know so uh well like so events, and I was on really well stir with Nelson McCausland talking about whether or not Queen's University was a cold house for unionists and.