For the for the for the for the for the for the for the for the for the for the for the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by teach data, we I mean well okay you know like so okay like I mean I mean save teachers hours each week by bringing them quality downloadable teaching resources for their I mean you know you know okay I mean I mean okay well uh I mean classrooms to make your classroom Buzz go to teach starter.com. Hey teachers hey teachers hey teachers hey teachers hey teachers hey teachers hey teachers hey teachers hey teachers hey teachers hey teachers for on here. I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean you know okay well I mean I mean I mean you know uh so. Thanks so much for listening to For the Love of teaching. Please rate okay so um um uh like uh um I mean so and review us any Apple podcast app and help us to reach more teachers gears. Like you know well um you know um okay I mean um like. Have you heard of the daily? 5 Ali is a passionate teacher who is has okay so um so I mean um you know so like okay used this source and program to engage in Delight how beautiful students she's a huge so um um okay I mean like okay okay uh so fan of the daily 5 and she documents her students learnings on her well well like um okay you know I mean well so you know Instagram page the young educator Ali says this program has been a game-changer so okay um um you know uh uh okay I mean like for her and her students. My students my students my students my students my students my students my students my students my students my students my students came to school on the second day and you know well okay so um uh uh I mean well okay they were like, when are we doing daily 5 and that for me I okay okay um like you know uh like okay uh uh was just sold so I knew it was worth it. Welcome Ellie. Thank you so uh I mean uh you know you know well you know I mean like uh much for joining me on for the love of teaching. I'm so excited to be here. Yay.