What's happening what's happening what's happening what's happening what's happening what's happening what's happening what's happening what's happening what's happening what's happening Hearts Capers? This is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is episode 26 of the how to Hardscape podcast I mean okay so uh you know you know okay like uh uh where we talk to you about how you can start and grow your hardscaping business so you know okay okay so well well okay okay like in this week. We are going to be tackling a marketing week. That means that means that means that means that means that means that means that means that means that means that means every well okay you know you know like um well uh um okay day this week. You are likely going to get an episode based on well like um okay okay well so so like okay the topic of marketing. So we've got a lot of value come and actually uh uh well um well uh so you know you know okay this week is starting with today's episode is Mark Morrison. Mark is actually a um okay so um okay uh okay okay okay well longtime friend of mine. He works for Intrigue media and he's here to talk well I mean you know well like okay like like so so with us about acquiring the right type of Clients for your business not just I mean well like okay uh uh you know um you know I mean any clients, but the best clients into your business. How do I you know okay um you know okay so well so I mean well identify them and how to get them into your business as leads and where to you know uh you know okay you know so um you know like you know take it from there? So an awesome interview coming up with Mark Morris and uh so like okay so um you know I mean um um here. So without further Ado here is our interview with Mark Morrison today. I'm joined okay okay you know so um well um uh I mean so by Mark Morrison. He is a business development manager for intrigued media a digital marketing well uh um okay well I mean well so well uh services provider for businesses in Canada Marcus actually a longtime friend of mine, and he's here to talk with us.