With traffic with traffic with traffic with traffic with traffic with traffic with traffic with traffic with traffic with traffic with traffic errands and parking cars can be a chore but a great car I mean you know like um uh like uh uh I mean so can be an adventure a getaway and a prized possession whatever your budget or family require. Okay uh um uh uh uh like I mean um so. There's a car out there. You'll love we're here to help you find it. I'm todd. Uh I mean um you know okay so you know I mean well like. I'm Paul and this is the everyday driver car debate. I am I am I am I am I am I am I am I am I am I am I am so happy for uh like you know like uh well so I mean you know like you that you got the Lotus out the heating pads weren't you're happy for okay okay well you know well you know okay I mean um well me. I'm thrilled I'm thrilled I'm thrilled I'm thrilled I'm thrilled I'm thrilled I'm thrilled I'm thrilled I'm thrilled I'm thrilled I'm thrilled for you're happy for me. Honestly driving. Sports cars in the winter like so well I mean like like I mean well you know okay sort of revelatory isn't out but just driving it period it honestly I last so okay so I mean like like okay I mean well uh started it the day after Christmas because I had to get it out of well well okay so you know like okay you know you know well the garage and having some work done start start. I'm trying to wrap my head uh I mean uh uh um well I mean uh I mean like around this you started it last night started was the day after Christmas. So that's okay so okay like uh like um um I mean um been like what three months as of this report. Last time. It moved was um okay well you know I mean you know you know like you know so a month before that. Oh my gosh. So the tires by the way, where there's one I mean okay uh um okay I mean um um well um thing. I mean I could tell mean granted it's not a heavy car is true. You know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know like I mean well you know I mean okay okay uh well. I could tell that the tires needed a kind of they needed to go in a circle for a bit.