Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly about you know okay so um well okay you know I mean you know like Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and so um uh um like okay so so like I mean podcast and one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium account and I mean well you know okay okay so you know uh well I mean that is great because let's face it. We are all trying to save a little um um so like okay I mean like um okay well bit these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never you know well well okay like I mean uh I mean okay well miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to with your friends on you know so you know you know I mean so well okay I mean you know Instagram and premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever I mean you know you know so well like well you know like I mean you are if you're like me, you probably have too many. The apps downloaded already you know well um like well you know so I mean you know you know but this one is actually useful. So if you haven't done so already um I mean I mean like okay well okay uh uh so download the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast on Spotify or browse uh you know uh like you know uh uh you know okay I mean podcasts in the you are Library tab. Also, make sure to follow us on there. So so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so uh okay you know so I mean you know well okay. So you never miss an episode of optimal living advice. That being said, let's get into uh like okay you know well um well you know like you know today's episode. Hello, everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody Welcome to episode 46 of optimal living advice to podcast okay so you know uh I mean you know okay okay like uh where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.