All right, you listen to this podcast right now. London is blue. And guess what you know uh okay so uh uh I mean uh well you know we host our podcast on anchor dot f m that's right. If you're like well uh okay um like okay so I mean like looking to host your own podcast. This is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is the easiest free way to get I mean well well so okay you know um you know uh you know started this got a Content creation tool allows you to record and the podcast like well you know so okay okay um well so uh right from a phone. It's right it's right it's right it's right it's right it's right it's right it's right it's right it's right it's right don't even need a computer, but you can do I mean okay so well so well like so um uh it there too. They'll also help you distribute it which is probably the most challenging so so like I mean uh you know uh like I mean like part, you know want to mess with that. They got you covered and get so well um um like so so you know I mean uh it right on a Spotify and apple podcast as well as any other place podcast okay so you know well uh well uh so um uh or founds And you know what, you can monetize it to make a uh you know like I mean you know okay um um so like little cash for sharing your great content with the world everything. You need you need you need you need you need you need you need you need you need you need you need to make a okay um you know okay you know well um uh um uh podcast all in one individual place. So, you know what head over to your app like so you know uh well you know well I mean okay you know store download the anchor a poor head anchored on FM to get started. If like um okay um I mean you know so um I mean you know you're ready to launch your podcast and make it happen. This is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is Reuben of so I mean you know like okay I mean uh uh you know well the cheek. This is wien amazing amount. You're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening to the London is blue well well I mean so uh uh so so well so or cocks. All right, Chelsea fans, welcome back to another episode of your favorite mid-week.