Hello and welcome to patch and this is a podcast. That's about OverWatch. I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay so um like I mean uh um uh so I mean always amazed with much League hosting skills, huh? I'm always amazed with your hosting skills. So you so you so you so you so you so you so you so you so you so you so you know so uh you know well you know I mean like you know. I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I wasn't really listening to you. I was tuning you out. I've so I mean well I mean you know well like okay um I mean already listened to you enough the last two days, but welcome. We have we have we have we have we have we have we have we have we have we have we have a lot you know well uh I mean uh like so you know okay well of stuff to go over today. Not really because we just watch the same uh okay um I mean I mean okay well you know you know uh teams play for the last five weeks, but we got hero pools now. Um I um I um I um I um I um I um I um I um I um I um I mean uh you know okay well okay you know okay well. Yeah. Thanks both of you on the ends. The fuck the fuck the fuck the fuck the fuck the fuck the fuck the fuck the fuck the fuck the fuck do I was listening back um so um okay so well so so you know you know to the companion stream and you were like, oh, it's not that bad right on I mean okay okay well well you know um um you know well this pan. So now you're actually targeting me during the podcast when I saw you so so you know um I mean so um okay okay so live say I did not that bad. But what I'm doing is I'm trying to like uh well um uh uh okay you know okay well dig into your own insecurities about picking Rhino. I'm so happy about it. You know well okay uh so like uh I mean you know you know. Yeah hiring yeah hiring yeah hiring yeah hiring yeah hiring yeah hiring yeah hiring yeah hiring yeah hiring yeah hiring yeah hiring happy with my selections about you. You were you were you were you were you were you were you were you were you were you were you were the worst I couldn't okay um I mean um uh like so you know I mean I mean think of to like, I woke up this morning. I thought about it. I was like all I play is hitscan Heroes.