Everyone welcome back to a conversation with the boys. You did. I'm them and like okay you know I mean I mean uh well okay you know I mean I'm Johan and this week. We've got we've got we've got we've got we've got we've got we've got we've got we've got we've got we've got a new segment, I guess. Yeah, so um you know okay I mean um um like uh uh um I guess we're going to try and just talk about something reason that's happened okay okay so I mean like so um okay well okay in the news and I think the bigger story which we thought was kind well uh uh um well like uh so uh uh of entertaining was Donald Trump and Modi had a little chat together. So Trump um uh I mean so okay you know so well you know you know went to India. Oh, yes Trump went to India and then when he was there, okay like um I mean I mean you know um I mean well uh I mean, okay look before we These I know everyone like beats up on Trump okay so like um well okay I mean uh okay uh all the time and we've tried to avoid it because they like to be like okay well I mean so um well so well like boring right now. I want to hear about this. Yeah, but this is hilariously like I mean like I mean um you know like well like I mean you know this is hilarious. So I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I think I think everyone would have seen the movie you know I mean okay I mean um uh so so um okay names and stuff. You're talking about Sachin Tendulkar and Virat Kohli, right? Yeah, and so okay well like okay uh um okay okay like I mean like he tried his hardest to get there like to talk about them, well um well uh so like you know um I mean so which is good. I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean who's having a leave the most unqualified person to um you know well like um like well I mean like uh talk about Cricket? Yeah. That's very that's very that's very that's very that's very that's very that's very that's very that's very that's very that's very very true. But man he butchered be fucking me push it. Okay, you said.