You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let okay uh like um so okay well well um you know me explain. It's a proof. There are there are there are there are there are there are there are there are there are there are there are certain tools that allow you to record and like like uh like so so you know so well well edit your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast you know well uh uh um I mean well I mean uh so for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can you know like well so so so uh you know um I mean make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a okay um okay you know um well like okay uh well podcast in one place. Is arranged is arranged is arranged is arranged is arranged is arranged is arranged is arranged is arranged is arranged is arranged marriage a scary proposition last year three uh uh uh uh like uh so you know okay uh of my friends had terrible experiences involving arranged marriage in the first experience. The like uh so uh like I mean like okay well you know two parties are engaged and right before the wedding the girl told him that she I mean you know uh um you know like you know well um I mean loves somebody else in the second experience as a wedding date approached the girl ran away uh I mean so um you know so you know well so so with her boyfriend in the third experience the two parties got married, but within like I mean I mean well I mean like you know you know okay so a month my friend found out that she was still in touch with her ex-boyfriend okay um I mean like well uh so so well well and probably had an affair and asked he filed for divorce right away. Like um like uh so I mean um I mean so you know. Such experience such experience such experience such experience such experience such experience such experience such experience such experience such experience such experience has made me wonder what are the reasons that make people go for an arranged matters on man.