Spoiler alert, spoiler alert, spoiler alert, spoiler alert, spoiler alert, spoiler alert, spoiler alert, spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if you want okay um uh so like I mean uh to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported I reported I reported I reported I reported I reported I reported I reported that Madison Pruitt with well so like uh okay you know um seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew Link in the description and I uh well so so you know I mean so along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie was certainly going to I mean okay okay well uh you know I mean be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that well that well that well that well that well that well that well that theory is officially dead because Claire Crawley was announced as uh uh well uh I mean so um next season's leading woman. So let so let so let so let so let so let so let so let me get this straight. Maddie was filming okay so I mean well okay so I mean something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so she has to be I mean uh I mean okay um um so the winner of this season, right? Is there any other reason Maddie would have okay okay like uh um I mean like been filming this is unconfirmed. But as of right now I see no okay so okay so I mean uh I mean other explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let me know your thoughts down in the comments I mean uh okay I mean uh like I mean below. That's all that's all that's all that's all that's all that's all that's all that's all I've got for today on Bachelor News Daily. But if you're um uh um so like uh okay new to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep dive on her earlier today. So well okay I mean okay so uh I mean check that out on this channel and make sure you check out our Bachelor after show like um like so uh okay so live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.