What's up, guys? This episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode of the podcast is brought to you by anchor uh uh uh I mean I mean you know so if you don't know about anchor it's the platform that we use to make so so so so okay so you know all of our podcasts and it is the easiest way to make a podcast. So well you know I mean uh uh uh. Let me just break it down for you guys real quick. It is 100% free. Uh I mean like um you know well like. There's nothing you have to pay for it comes with all kinds of creation so okay you know so uh I mean uh tools so that you can record and edit your podcast right from your phone or like um I mean um uh you know you know your computer wherever it'll automatically distribute your podcast for you so that it can be heard like you know uh okay I mean I mean um on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast, wherever you want to put it you I mean I mean like you know uh you know okay can make money from your podcast right out the gate. No minimum listenership. You can so like like like like I mean uh start monetizing right away, which is super awesome. It's literally everything that you you know um like okay I mean I mean I mean need to make a podcast all in one place. So download so download so download so download so download so download so download so download the free anchor app or you know I mean I mean you know well you know uh go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get started. Enjoy the enjoy the enjoy the enjoy the enjoy the enjoy the enjoy the enjoy the episode guys shit out in so okay so well uh uh you know a box and I'll look this way too simple. That's fucking boring. I'm not like like okay okay okay uh uh doing it. Okay. I just I just I just I just I just I just I just I just reason with myself like within a week of doing that okay like um like uh so like and then fucking a hundred thieves comes out with some shit like that. It's bullshit. It's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like like you know like well so okay what's under bro. Come on son. The bomber the bomber the bomber the bomber the bomber the bomber the bomber the bomber jacket is sick though. I alright I will say it looks pretty tight. I'm.