Hi all 90-day Bri here with your tea on AfterBuzz TVs. 90-day like 90-day like 90-day like 90-day like 90-day like 90-day like 90-day like 90-day like 90-day like uh uh like okay um uh like fiance News Daily. We haven't we haven't we haven't we haven't we haven't we haven't we haven't we haven't we haven't gotten to see much of Stephanie on the like okay like um well I mean uh well new season of a for the 90 days, but we know that she has a plastic I mean okay I mean well uh um so uh anemia that her girlfriend from the show lives in Australia and that her family is like well I mean okay well um uh I mean unaware that she's dating a woman what you might not know about Stephanie though you know well I mean like uh well you know well is that she sells naked photos of herself online. That's right. Stephanie has a uh like uh you know um I mean um you know patron where she has content. That's a bit risque. It seems some people may uh uh so well uh okay um so have found this out though as Stephanie took her Instagram stories to lay everything I mean okay um well I mean um I mean uh out. Out she states that she is not ashamed of this content and I mean um um uh um well okay so that having the patron has financed her documentary as well as other creative projects and you know so okay uh well okay you know okay it's also helped her income in general. She ends she ends she ends she ends she ends she ends she ends she ends she ends it saying I'm a uh well okay well well okay okay so hello an advocate a writer a content creator a dumbass. I'm allowed to be everything. I mean well I mean okay uh uh okay I mean. I'm allowed I'm allowed I'm allowed I'm allowed I'm allowed I'm allowed I'm allowed I'm allowed I'm allowed to love whoever I want. I am not definable good for you girl. You know uh well like um so like um. A woman should be allowed to do whatever she wants with her body well okay so okay I mean um well I mean and her patreon is 18 plus. So not just anyone can watch if you want to support her and her Patron head over to patreon.com.