If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. You know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know like so uh you know um I mean okay. Let me explain. First of first of first of first of first of first of first of first of first of all, it's free. You don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't have to put any money up well so well so um um like okay front for someone who's starting out podcasting. That's a pretty big deal. There okay so I mean uh like I mean well you know are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from uh you know um you know well like so like your phone or computer. You have you have you have you have you have you have you have you have you have to go out and spend a lot okay so I mean well like you know I mean so of money buying software paying for recording equipment anchor will distribute your podcast I mean well okay you know um like so so for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more and um well okay uh well like um like the best part you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. Okay um so well uh um so like. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place doubled the free so like um I mean uh you know okay um anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started reads ranches proud well uh so uh uh so you know well apart with Marcos Garza and the Garza Law Firm. Find yourself find yourself find yourself find yourself find yourself find yourself find yourself find yourself find yourself needing a lawyer for um um uh uh uh you know um like a DUI. If you need a criminal defense lawyer, if you need a personal injury um uh uh so like you know um okay lawyer, Mark, Rose Garza and his team can handle all three Garza. Lawcom 8 lawcom 8 lawcom 8 lawcom 8 lawcom 8 lawcom 8 lawcom 8 lawcom 8 lawcom 8 6 5 5 4 0 8300 before you say.