What's up, guys? This episode of the podcast is brought to you by anchor well like so I mean okay I mean I mean like if you don't know about anchor it's the platform that we use to make all like uh I mean um like um I mean okay of our podcasts and it is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let well like you know well I mean I mean like I mean me just break it down for you guys real quick. It is so um I mean you know uh you know so so 100% free. There's nothing you have to pay for it comes with all kinds of you know I mean um you know like you know so you know creation tools so that you can record and edit your podcast right from your like uh so um I mean okay like uh phone or your computer wherever it'll automatically distribute your podcast for you so I mean well so so uh um like you know that it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast, wherever you want okay you know so um I mean okay like um to put it you can make money from your podcast right out like well I mean I mean so uh okay I mean the gate. No minimum listenership. You can start monetizing right away, which is so okay um like you know like so uh super awesome. It's literally everything that you need to make a podcast all in I mean well you know so you know um uh so one place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor well uh well okay okay well uh like dot. F m-- to get started. Enjoy the enjoy the enjoy the enjoy the enjoy the enjoy the enjoy the enjoy the enjoy the episode guys shit out in a so so so uh so well like um box and I'll look this way too simple. That's fucking boring. I'm not doing it. I mean okay like well um well well like. Okay. I just reason with myself like within a week of doing that and I mean um well you know you know well you know like then fucking a hundred thieves comes out with some shit like that. It's bullshit. Okay you know I mean um you know um uh um. It's what's under bro. Come on son. The bomber jacket is sick though. I alright I will say it looks pretty tight. I'm.