Hey guys, it's Tina from the high of scishow. If you haven't heard about anchor I mean I mean well okay I mean like I mean I mean it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a hundred percent um um you know um well so I mean like free this creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from uh so I mean uh like I mean um like your phone, or you can do it from your computer. Anchor we anchor we anchor we anchor we anchor we anchor we anchor we anchor we anchor we do the rest. Okay uh you know uh um you know okay well. It's going to distribute your podcast on most popular platforms, like apple podcast I mean well like you know like so well uh Google podcast Spotify and many more on top of that. You can actually earn money like I mean okay you know you know you know uh you know from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a so uh uh like uh like um okay podcast and one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f okay I mean okay okay um uh uh so m-- to get started. You're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening to the high up Sideshow a podcast that allows um uh okay um okay like so okay people like you and me to invest our money in the more entertaining way. My name my name my name my name my name my name my name my name my name um well so so you know so okay so is Keen arrivals. I'm a photographer by the day, but I make most of my well you know like well um you know um like money by flipping cards and this show I'll be sitting down with you and you know so okay you know so uh like I mean sharing my best practices. You learn my process the lessons. I've learned and more uh um you know I mean like well you know you know importantly who you should be buying sup guys and welcome back to the show. It's you know like like so like so um you know your boy. Keen arrival isn't I'm back today with another episode over the last few days. I've noticed that too.