Hello, everybody. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler in this well well uh well okay okay okay uh well podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists. These are these are these are these are these are these are these are these are these are these are the audio versions you know you know so so uh you know you know I mean uh of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you enjoy this show, please uh okay well I mean uh um well so you know do consider leaving us a review on Apple podcasts or Oye podcast. Also, I also, I also, I also, I also, I also, I also, I also, I also, I also, I mean well well um like you know uh uh okay you are say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter all of you know okay you know um uh I mean I mean okay so that stuff. I am at Simon Whistler one word come and say hi to me. You know so you know you know okay like like okay well. Let me know how you liked this show and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon I'm Simon I'm Simon I'm Simon I'm Simon I'm Simon I'm Simon I'm Simon I'm Simon I'm Simon so um you know so like I mean I mean well well West Earlier, you're watching top 10 internet. And in and in and in and in and in and in and in and in and in and in the video today. We're looking so so you know you know like uh you know okay I mean at the top 10 ways to manipulate your brain without using drugs number well you know like you know well okay like I mean like 10, the strange link between infrasound and ghostly apparitions many people will tell you that so uh um well okay so so well uh at one point or another they have had some experience where they thought they I mean well so um uh okay you know you know so heard a sound when nothing should be there or they saw an apparition that led you know like okay um uh okay uh I mean okay them to believe that a place was haunted nearly always these stories involve the same basic details and structure people.