Hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's going on? Everybody? Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the take it or leave it podcast. I mean okay um like uh well well okay um. I'm one of your hosts Egan for our with one of my co-host jordan. Uh well uh well uh well uh well uh well uh well uh well uh well uh well uh well you know so so you know like uh okay. What's up guys? This is Jordan and Brady Turner. Hey, how's it going guys? This uh okay um like uh um so like so is Brady Turner. This is the first episode of the Italian. Wait a second. Why well you know you know like I mean okay um I mean well didn't I get my last name introduced as well? All right Brady got his I knew you know uh um um well um so uh like as soon as I said it someone would bring it up but his regards um you know okay uh okay like like okay well kind of bullshit, but I'll let it slide. All right with my co-host. Uh okay I mean so I mean I mean uh okay so. Jordan Reese, jordan Reese, jordan Reese, jordan Reese, jordan Reese, jordan Reese, jordan Reese, jordan Reese, jordan Reese, jordan Reese, here we go. What's up? Its Jordan its Jordan its Jordan its Jordan its Jordan its Jordan its Jordan its Jordan its Jordan its Jordan Reese here Reese, please. This is well well okay uh well okay so well well our first episode of our podcast on this podcast were basically we talked about a okay so like like like you know like I mean so bunch of random stuff. We're probably getting probably going to be fairly intoxicated while we're um um um uh so so uh okay I mean doing this. Actually, let's start with that. So to so to so to so to so to so to so to so to so to so to begin with we will ask our good so well um um okay like okay okay uh old friend Siri to pick a number between one and five. She's a really hot girl we have in studio with us. So definitely it's definitely.