Happy birthday, the weed tube. You're two you're two you're two you're two you're two you're two you're two you're two you're two you're two years old. And I love uh I mean uh I mean uh you know I mean like you know you. This is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is fun to speculate a podcast where we speculate about wild and like uh well so so I mean um okay okay crazy ideas. And now and now and now and now and now and now and now and now and now and now here's your host Aaron Richard. Hi everybody Welcome to I mean okay you know uh uh you know um okay so a brand new episode of fun to speculate. I'm your host Aaron Richard and I mean like well like so I mean you know I mean uh sitting next to me is producer Vlad. Hi guys. I'm back. Well, yes you were well you know like um I mean so okay I mean uh sick last for the last episode. That's right. Yeah, because yeah, because yeah, because yeah, because yeah, because yeah, because yeah, because yeah, because yeah, because yeah, because in the grand scheme of things uh okay uh I mean I mean well okay so so we recorded it's actually been a while since we like sat here to do like like um I mean so um so so uh and episode 2 because we recorded so many episodes in like a three-day time span so uh I mean well um so you know okay okay and we had a nice little break in between and now we have to uh like you know well okay I mean so so like catch up and record one like every week or schedule another week of insanity. Okay uh well I mean I mean I mean okay well uh. That's okay though. I love this show. I love this show. I want I want I want I want I want I want I want I want I want I want this so you know so um I mean I mean well I mean like show. I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope everyone in the world listens to that's a little bit extreme, I mean um well um well well um you know uh but, you know, I hope a lot of people enjoy it. I hope okay so I mean like I mean well um okay like we keep the topics coming in good thought-provoking ways, and I just hope we always keep it entertaining for you. So, thank you.