Today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode of the Hatchery podcast is brought to you by Luxor technology I mean um okay like so I mean uh so I mean North America's largest mining pool lectures goal is to operate enterprise-class mining pools with professionalism well so you know like so um like so um and an intense customer focus. They provide a top-notch user experience and have okay like like I mean um okay you know like so a great selection of pools for you to mine to from a variety of notable well well uh uh uh I mean I mean I mean like altcoins to Big Daddy Bitcoin for which they launched their mining pool in October. So be like uh so I mean um so like I mean you know sure to go and check them out. We are incredibly grateful that well um uh um like okay um like you know Luxor is chosen to sponsor the show going into 2020. We would we would we would we would we would we would we would we would we would we would love it so like I mean I mean um so you know um like if you as listeners would support the show by Ting them you can find well uh uh like okay um like uh okay them online at Luxor dot Tech and give them a follow on Twitter at well I mean like well um like I mean well like Luxor Tech Team. Hey, everyone Thanks for tuning into the hash rate podcast the best crypto mining uh uh I mean like um okay well like you know podcast in the history of the world on today's episode mean hash and I are joined I mean I mean like well okay um well so I mean by mr. Seth Estrada. We talk about building communities around proof of work projects. We talk about uh you know I mean well uh like like like um masternodes. We talk a little bit about Prague pal and mean hash has an okay like so okay you know um I mean like uh epic rant on the inclusion of big Tech into the crypto space. So I hope you all enjoy this episode. If you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you would please leave us a rating.