Hi, welcome to you were taught that in school episode 1 taxes, everyone always writes you know I mean you know I mean like you know well you know well after they get out of school about how they couldn't do their taxes and how um like so you know so like uh um you know they wish school and taught them to do their taxes. And why didn't somebody I mean you know like you know um um um so uh teach them do their taxes what you were taught that in school. It's called like I mean so like I mean well you know you know I mean basic math in first grade or 2nd grade. They taught they taught they taught they taught they taught they taught they taught they taught they taught they taught you how to add so well so well well okay I mean well you know and subtract numbers. That's how that's how that's how that's how that's how that's how that's how that's how that's how that's how you do taxes. You line them up in you know like um um so okay so so like a column you add some together, you subtract some the Part about that is you were so you know like like you know I mean I mean okay like taught how to follow directions. There's directions there's directions there's directions there's directions there's directions there's directions there's directions there's directions there's directions there's directions at the top of the paper. Um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um well uh okay so like so uh. You were supposed to read them. You read those directions and you follow them. So you um uh you know so so you know well um you know were taught that in school that was in elementary school the fact that you can't follow okay well like uh um you know I mean you know well directions and do simple math doesn't mean that you weren't taught that in school. It just means um like okay I mean you know well like well uh that you can't do simple math or follow directions. This has this has this has this has this has this has this has this has this has this has been you we're taught that in school episode 1. See you next week.