Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if you want okay so like you know you know well I mean okay well to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported that well I mean so so so um I mean okay okay Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew Link in the description I mean okay you know like so you know so so uh and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie was certainly going I mean okay I mean I mean so I mean okay like you know to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that well that well that well that well that well that well that well that well that well that theory is officially dead because Claire Crawley was well well okay um you know well uh uh um announced as next season's leading woman. So let me get this straight. Maddie was maddie was maddie was maddie was maddie was maddie was maddie was maddie was maddie was maddie was you know uh um I mean um so um um I mean filming something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so she you know like I mean well so uh uh you know I mean has to be the winner of this season, right? Is there any other reason like like uh well okay um um okay like Maddie would have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as of right now I I mean you know so you know you know okay so like you know see no other explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let me know your thoughts down um uh well like um um okay I mean I mean in the comments below. That's all I've got for today on Bachelor News daily. Like like uh like um so so um okay. But if you're new to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep dive on you know like well so like you know okay okay like her earlier today. So check that out on this channel and make sure you check out uh well I mean I mean okay uh like um I mean our Bachelor after show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.