Wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time Proverbs 13 so uh um well like like I mean uh okay 11. I read a story recently about a 24 year old who went to I mean okay um like so I mean okay so like visit a financial planner the financial planner asked to see her spending habits the author okay so you know like um okay well uh okay of the article shared that through to over the phone sessions in a couple so I mean uh like okay I mean uh well you know of weeks of financial reflection. She found that she didn't have to give up things. Uh like you know well okay so I mean I mean I mean. She really she really she really she really she really she really she really she really she really she really loved to save money that realization helped her get past Financial anxiety and helped uh so I mean okay I mean so uh well uh her to make productive spending cuts during the sessions. Which each which each which each which each which each which each which each which each which each which each lasted about an hour well like like you know okay you know you know well I mean they discussed her background shared screens to look at a monthly credit card statement and so you know uh well like okay like I mean uh addressed goals for the week. The financial accountability was intended to help her prepare and save well okay I mean um I mean well you know like I mean for the future. It's encouraging it's encouraging it's encouraging it's encouraging it's encouraging it's encouraging it's encouraging it's encouraging it's encouraging it's encouraging to know that the Bible is full of wise advice okay um well um well you know uh well you know on how to handle and how to view Money In fact money is I mean you know like um you know like so I mean uh mentioned hundreds of times in the Bible including the verse from Proverbs we heard today. Like so like so like so like so like so like so like so like so like so like so like uh like um like okay so. Let's hear let's hear let's hear let's hear let's hear let's hear let's hear let's hear let's hear let's hear it again wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time. It's also important to remember.