Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly about okay well well okay so so okay you know uh Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and you know so like um well so I mean uh I mean podcast and one place that's for free. You don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't even need a premium account and so like um okay well so you know um you know that is great because let's face it. We are all trying to save a little I mean okay um so you know so um you know you know bit these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. Well like well like well like well like well like well like well like well like well like well like you know you know um um um like well. So you never miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to so okay you know uh like well okay so well with your friends on Instagram and premium users can even download episodes to well you know so um so like like I mean I mean listen to offline wherever and whenever you are if you're like me, you so um well um you know I mean so so um probably have too many. The apps downloaded already but this one is actually useful. So if you know um well well um like well okay well you haven't done so already download the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast on Spotify well well I mean um so I mean you know you know like or browse podcasts in the you are Library tab. Also, make sure to you know okay well like uh well you know you know so follow us on there. So you so you so you so you so you so you so you so you so you so you never miss an episode of optimal living advice. Um I mean um I mean uh I mean okay I mean uh. That being said, let's get into today's episode. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode 45 of you know you know so you know okay uh like like um optimal living advice the podcast where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.