Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if like okay uh well okay um I mean I mean uh you want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported that you know so so um okay um um uh well Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew Link in the description like like so okay uh you know well um uh and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie was certainly okay so I mean so so okay I mean well so going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because Claire Crawley okay so I mean I mean like so uh so um was announced as next season's leading woman. So let me get this straight. Maddie was okay um uh um so well uh well like filming something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so she has to I mean so you know well well so you know okay like be the winner of this season, right? Is there is there is there is there is there is there is there is there is there is there any other reason Maddie would so I mean like uh well um okay like well have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as of right now I see no other you know um okay you know uh okay you know I mean um explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let me let me let me let me let me let me let me let me let me let me know your thoughts down in I mean like okay you know uh you know like like like the comments below. That's all that's all that's all that's all that's all that's all that's all that's all that's all that's all I've got for today on Bachelor News Daily. But like so so like so like like okay like if you're new to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep dive on her I mean uh so so okay okay uh so um earlier today. So check that out on this channel and make sure you check uh okay okay you know okay I mean well well uh out our Bachelor after show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.