Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host Simon Whistler like you know so well you know I mean so I mean well in this podcast. What we what we what we what we what we what we what we what we what we what we do is we have top ten lists. These are the I mean like you know okay you know well you know um uh audio versions of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If you enjoy like you know uh I mean like you know I mean you know um this show, please do consider leaving us a review on Apple podcasts or Oye podcast. Like so like so like so like so like so like so like so like so like so like so I mean um okay so you know I mean I mean. Also, you are say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter all of uh so you know well um I mean you know you know well that stuff. I am at Simon Whistler one word come and say hi to me. Let me well like like well you know you know okay okay um know how you liked this show and let's get into it. Hello. I'm okay you know okay I mean um okay like I mean well Simon with Slayer you're watching top 10 internet. And in the video today. We're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so I mean so um I mean um so you know I mean looking at the top 10 successful companies that started life as something totally different okay like okay well uh well you know uh well most of us go through life and not knowing who we are or what we so like so uh I mean so so so uh want to do at least until a few decades in we go through many false you know like well I mean you know so well I mean so starts and travel through many dead and paths until we find the one you know I mean um you know so so um uh like that's truly right for us many companies are the same often times the well I mean okay uh you know um I mean well like most successful corporations on earth started with one simple idea and are now vastly successful in a different area.