Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you haven't heard about anchor it's the I mean so well like I mean like well well so app I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to use it's free so uh uh uh well uh you know um I mean and there's creation tools straight in the app that allow you to edit your podcast like um okay uh like uh I mean you know well from your phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to Spotify apple and well like you know you know so well like okay okay many more without having to do anything which is great and you can okay well you know okay uh I mean well um so make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also great man. You you know so I mean okay well so like I mean um gotta grind you got to get to where you're going. So it's everything you um well well uh I mean I mean so okay like need to do all one place and to download the app go to anchor I mean you know well well okay like well um okay on the App Store anchored on FM online to get Started let's get in the uh um like so okay I mean okay uh well madness. What's going on? Everyone? Rob everything rob everything rob everything rob everything rob everything rob everything rob everything rob everything rob everything rob everything and YG. You're welcome you're welcome you're welcome you're welcome you're welcome you're welcome you're welcome you're welcome you're welcome you're welcome to episode 2 so so I mean I mean um you know I mean I mean um of everything and YG's Madness. I'm excited to get into it. The first the first the first the first the first the first the first the first the first the first episode alone um you know like okay um you know you know I mean well did amazing. I'm so thankful for you guys tuning in and checking it out you know um uh well I mean you know I mean I mean well and reviewing it and everything of that nature. I really I really I really I really I really I really I really I really I really I really really do appreciate it. And I genuinely hope you enjoyed it. But the.