What's up, guys? This episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode of the podcast is brought to you by anchor if you know you know well so I mean okay like okay I mean you don't know about anchor it's the platform that we use to make all of like uh like like so okay I mean um uh our podcasts and it is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me okay um well um well you know um um okay just break it down for you guys real quick. It is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is 100% free. There's like so I mean um uh um uh I mean well nothing you have to pay for it comes with all kinds of creation tools so I mean you know I mean I mean well uh um so okay that you can record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your I mean so you know like uh um I mean um okay computer wherever it'll automatically distribute your podcast for you so that it can be heard I mean uh um uh I mean um so you know okay on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast, wherever you want to put it you can I mean I mean okay um you know I mean well okay like make money from your podcast right out the gate. No minimum listenership. You can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can start okay I mean like you know well um so I mean I mean monetizing right away, which is super awesome. It's literally everything that you need uh you know I mean okay well well I mean well so to make a podcast all in one place. So download the free anchor app uh well uh I mean you know uh you know like I mean or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Enjoy the episode guys well so okay uh uh like well like well shit out in a box and I'll look this way too simple. That's fucking boring. I'm not I mean you know um well okay so okay you know like doing it. Okay. I just reason with myself like within a week of doing that and you know uh okay like like so I mean I mean you know then fucking a hundred thieves comes out with some shit like that. It's okay okay like like like uh uh okay I mean bullshit. It's what's under bro. Come on son. The bomber jacket is sick though. I alright I will say it looks pretty tight. I'm.