Brooklyn now, I'm down in Tribeca right next to the narrow, but I'll be um I mean so okay like like you know you know so hood forever. I'm living Sinatra. And since and since and since and since and since and since and since and since and since and since I made it here I can make it you know well so okay okay I mean you know you know okay anywhere get a love me everywhere. I used I used I used I used I used I used I used I used I used I used to cop it on them everyone. Welcome back um I mean so okay okay like um you know I mean to the oneworld agencies podcast Tyler and Sheriff here ready to talk about some pretty well like so okay so okay okay like you know cool stuff today. I'm very excited about you Sheriff. I am freaking pumped. Yeah, I would well okay okay like uh like you know you know I mean almost consider this like kind of the one of the the first like not real I mean so so um so I mean uh okay okay episode, but kind of now diving Until like actual key Concepts and other things going you know okay well uh okay well okay uh um to talk about besides just you know overarching principle. So I mean we'll talk about um I mean like you know well you know so uh um today and that this episode is all about the difference between a goal and like so like okay so you know well uh you know then idea and I'll dive real quick into what do we mean by that? We well we well we well we well we well we well we well we well we well we well like I mean so uh well I mean I mean so obviously there's a difference between gold and idea like, you know, Tyler what are like okay okay uh like so I mean okay um you talking about? So I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll break it down real quick and basically what me and well you know okay um uh like I mean I mean you know sheriff came up with one more thing about what we came up uh uh so you know okay uh okay uh well with what we what we have found to be true and we've been taught is basically the difference in the go and idea is a goal.