Principal Callahan, principal Callahan, principal Callahan, principal Callahan, principal Callahan, principal Callahan, principal Callahan, principal Callahan, principal Callahan, principal Callahan, I've got principal Velazquez online for put her through Cal. How are you? you know so okay like you know so uh I mean um Not so bad value self never better, but you can make me even happier. Well, uh you know well um okay I mean well okay I mean I told you we can't keep doing that. It's a conflict of interest. Oh like um well uh like uh uh uh so get your mind out of the gutter Callahan. I have I have I have I have I have I have I have I have I have I have interns who do that like so well uh so uh uh uh okay now. Anyway, I saw reports this morning that chili Doug Davis is looking you know um so you know you know uh uh so okay into the foreign exchange program that she is that she is but it's gonna take like uh so you know well okay so you know like a pretty hefty. Package for me to send her to Barcelona if that's what you're so okay okay I mean like um you know you know like after. You know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know why they call her chili dog. Don't you tell me cow ate 50 like so uh like um like like well okay of them in one Lunch Period or freshman year right down the gullet and you know so um so uh like well uh uh not 20 minutes later scored a 96 on our biology midterm. Just shy of uh I mean like you know okay okay like so like an A+. Look point look point look point look point look point look point look point look point look point look point is the kids a stud a Phenom. I'm I mean uh you know well well okay like okay uh not about to give her up for a pack of pens in a book Let's uh I mean you know you know like okay I mean well okay Not Be Hasty. We think chili dog will be a great fit in the halls okay I mean um well uh so well uh like of our school and coming to Barcelona will be an enriching experience for both her and us now you want to hear my offer what tell me about.