Hey guys, it's Tina from the high of scishow. If you haven't heard about anchor it's you know so like like so so I mean I mean okay the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a hundred percent free um um um I mean so like I mean well so this creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from um um um well so I mean okay uh uh your phone, or you can do it from your computer. Anchor we do the like you know well well um uh well so I mean rest. It's going to distribute your podcast on most popular platforms, like apple podcast uh so like um like well well uh I mean Google podcast Spotify and many more on top of that. You can actually well okay okay I mean so I mean so okay okay earn money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to um I mean I mean well um you know I mean so okay make a podcast and one place download the free anchor app or go so well uh um like okay well you know um to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. You're listening to the high up well well I mean I mean uh uh you know um okay Sideshow a podcast that allows people like you and me to invest our you know okay okay so well so like I mean you know money in the more entertaining way. My name my name my name my name my name my name my name my name my name my name is Keen arrivals. I'm a photographer by so um uh um you know like um so um the day, but I make most of my money by flipping cards and this show like so um uh well well um you know I mean I'll be sitting down with you and sharing my best practices. You learn I mean okay you know well well you know so you know okay my process the lessons. I've learned and more importantly who you should be buying like you know well uh you know well I mean well like sup guys and welcome back to the show. It's your boy. Keen arrival isn't okay well I mean like you know like uh okay I mean I'm back today with another episode over the last few days. I've noticed I've noticed I've noticed I've noticed I've noticed I've noticed I've noticed I've noticed I've noticed I've noticed that too.