All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, you listen to this podcast right now. London is blue. And guess like so I mean I mean well like like um I mean what we host our podcast on anchor dot f m that's right. If you're like you know uh you know uh I mean you know uh well looking to host your own podcast. This is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is the easiest free way to get started this got um so um well you know um like so I mean a Content creation tool allows you to record and the podcast right from a phone. Um you um you um you um you um you um you um you um you um you um you know um um well well um well okay. It's right don't even need a computer, but you can do it there too. Okay you know I mean like like I mean um so so. They'll also help you distribute it which is probably the most challenging part, you I mean well okay well you know you know uh okay well know want to mess with that. They got you covered and get it right on a like I mean uh well you know so so uh you know Spotify and apple podcast as well as any other place podcast or founds And you so uh uh well okay so I mean you know uh know what, you can monetize it to make a little cash for sharing your I mean okay you know um I mean you know you know okay you know great content with the world everything. You need to make a podcast all in one well uh well uh so I mean I mean um well individual place. So, you know what head over to your app store download the like okay I mean okay you know um um okay I mean anchor a poor head anchored on FM to get started. If you're ready to okay so I mean well I mean um okay like you know launch your podcast and make it happen. This is Reuben of the you know so I mean like you know well you know uh well cheek. This is wien amazing amount. You're listening to the London is blue or well um so like so I mean uh like so cocks. All right, Chelsea fans, welcome back to another episode of your favorite mid-week.