With traffic errands and parking cars can be a chore but a great car uh uh so I mean you know I mean you know I mean so can be an adventure a getaway and a prized possession whatever your budget um you know um you know I mean uh well well um or family require. There's a car out there. You'll love you'll love you'll love you'll love you'll love you'll love you'll love you'll love you'll love you'll love we're here to help you you know like like you know I mean okay so I mean I mean find it. I'm Todd. I'm Paul and this is the everyday um uh um um well like like okay like driver car debate. I am so happy for you that you got well I mean um like so well you know okay so the Lotus out the heating pads weren't you're happy for me. I'm thrilled for you're happy well okay well you know okay I mean uh uh I mean for me. Honestly driving. Sports cars sports cars sports cars sports cars sports cars sports cars sports cars sports cars sports cars sports cars in the winter sort of revelatory isn't uh um I mean okay I mean uh you know uh I mean out but just driving it period it honestly I last started it the day after so you know uh um like I mean okay I mean you know Christmas because I had to get it out of the garage and having so I mean um like I mean um you know like well some work done start start. I'm trying to wrap my head around this you started like um well um well okay so um you know it last night started was the day after Christmas. So that's been like what three months like like uh um so like uh you know I mean as of this report. Last time. It moved it moved it moved it moved it moved it moved it moved it moved it moved it moved was a month before uh uh well you know like um um I mean like that. Oh my gosh. So the tires by the way, where there's one thing. I mean like okay you know okay um you know you know uh well I could tell mean granted it's not a heavy car is true. I could tell okay um um um so well so okay uh that the tires needed a kind of they needed to go in a circle for a bit.