Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to another episode of the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. You know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know uh like um you know okay you know well okay. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host Simon and in today's episode. This is the audio version of okay um uh okay well I mean like uh you know video that we originally published on YouTube here for your listening convenience. If you like I mean like so so like um uh you know like this show, please do consider leaving us a review or ever get your podcasts. Okay you know um uh so I mean you know um okay. That would that would that would that would that would that would that would that would that would that would be awesome and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're watching so like well um so okay like like so top 10 internet. And in the video today, we're looking at the top um like you know you know so okay I mean okay um 10 real-life spy bungles on the 21st of July 1973 Israeli agents of The Mossad killed well like I mean um well I mean I mean um you know a waiter in Lillehammer Norway seeking revenge for the 1972 Munich Olympics Massacre of um okay uh so well well I mean uh I mean Israeli athletes. The hapless victim was innocent and had nothing to do with the terrorist you know I mean um uh you know I mean uh I mean well attack. And the murder was just another blunder by a country attempting to conduct well you know so well like well so like um Spy Games over the years there have been some egregious Errors By secret agencies and well well I mean um so um like okay you know here we have 10 of those Biggest Oops moments just before you get into the um like um like I mean okay uh um so list. I will say that this is a collaboration with dr. Matthews has acne of history and headlines.com. So go over to.