Before we before we before we before we before we before we before we before we before we before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly well well I mean uh you know um like so uh about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists um I mean um okay um so like I mean well and podcast and one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium account um well like you know you know uh I mean like so and that is great because let's face it. We are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are all trying to um like like so well like well so you know save a little bit these days. So with so with so with so with so with so with so with so with so with so with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So like so so uh uh um well I mean. So you never miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to um you know uh uh uh well you know so okay with your friends on Instagram and premium users can even download episodes to listen uh you know okay you know well okay I mean well um to offline wherever and whenever you are if you're like me, you probably have um well like like so like like uh so too many. The apps downloaded already but this one is actually useful. So if you um I mean um you know okay okay um you know uh haven't done so already download the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast on Spotify you know like so I mean I mean like well um I mean or browse podcasts in the you are Library tab. Also, make sure to follow so you know you know um like so um okay uh us on there. So you so you so you so you so you so you so you so you so you so you never miss an episode of optimal living advice. That being that being that being that being that being that being that being that being that being that being uh you know um like like so so well um said, let's get into today's episode. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode 46 of optimal so uh okay uh um well like like uh living advice to podcast where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.