It's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a truth business Airbnb or otherwise, if you don't have customers you don't uh um well okay so okay you know well uh have a business but with Airbnb and gets worse because you have expenses. If you you know um okay okay like like like um well don't have customers you will quickly lose money and eventually have to close up shop. Here's uh here's uh here's uh here's uh here's uh here's uh here's uh here's uh here's uh here's uh well okay uh uh well so uh you know what to do. If you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're not getting bookings 8 strategies to revitalize your listing make well you know so well so so like so I mean your offer more appealing and to get back in search results ultimately winning so so so like so you know I mean um like you more bookings and possibly at a higher price point taking you from the red so well like you know okay I mean you know I mean so into the black with your air B&B. This is Sean Rocky GH with Airbnb automated um so you know okay so I mean like so well and let's talk about how to get get you more bookings. Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back are uh okay like well uh well so okay so being the family these eight strategies will get you more bookings and I'm going to so uh so I mean well uh okay so you know order them and level of difficulty / a level of commitment or permanence. Some of some of some of some of some of some of some of some of some of some of okay uh um so I mean um uh okay so these are going to be super simple to implement. They're just going to be a like like I mean like you know um okay uh well couple of small changes. Some of them will require some deep thought some might even well um okay you know okay okay uh okay you know require a little bit of investment and this will really depend on why you're not getting bookings which ones that you'll implement. But by the end.