cf19.txt:Popularity of folklore in America stands in direct proportion to the popularity of nationalism in America. <SEP> The emphasis on nationalism in America is in proportion to the growth of American influence across the world. Thus if we are to observe American folklore in the twentieth century we will do well to establish the relationships between folklore nationalism and imperialism at the outset. <SEP> Historians have come to recognize two cardinal facts concerning nationalism and international influence. -RRB- Every age rewrites the events of its history in terms of what should have been creating legends about itself that rationalize contemporary beliefs and excuse contemporary actions. <SEP> What actually occurred in the past is seldom as important as what a given generation feels must have occurred. -RRB- As a country superimposes its cultural and political attitudes on others it searches its heritage in hopes of justifying its aggressiveness. <SEP> Its folklore and legend usually disguised as history are allowed to account for group actions to provide a focal point for group loyalty and to become a cohesive force for national identification. One can apply these facts to Britain in the late eighteenth and nineteenth centuries as she spread her dominion over palm and pine and they can be applied again to the United States in more recent years. <SEP> The popularity of local color literature before the Spanish-American War the steady currency of the Lincoln myth the increased emphasis on the frontier West in our mass media are cases in point. It an accident that baseball growing into the national game in the last years has become a microcosm of American life that learned societies such as the American Folklore Society and the American Historical Association were founded in the s or that courses in American literature American civilization American anything have swept our school and college curricula. <SEP> Of course nationalism has really outlived its usefulness in a country as world-oriented as ours and its continued existence reflects one of the major culture lags of the twentieth-century United States. Yet nationalism has lost few of its charms for the historian writer or man in the street. <SEP> It is an understandable paradox that most American history and most American literature is today written from an essentially egocentric and isolationistic point of view at the very time America is spreading her dominion over palm and pine. After all the average American as he lies and waits for the enemy in Korea or as she scans the newspaper in some vain hope of personal contact with the front is unconcerned that his or her plight is the result of a complex of personal economic and governmental actions far beyond the normal citizens comprehension and control. <SEP> Anyones identification with an international struggle whether warlike or peaceful requires absurd oversimplification and intense emotional involvement. Such identification comes for each group in each crisis by rewriting history into legend and developing appropriate national heroes. <SEP> In America such self-deception has served a particularly useful purpose. A heterogeneous people have needed it to attain an element of cultural and political cohesion in a new and ever-changing land. <SEP> We must never forget most of the appropriate heroes and their legends were created overnight to answer immediate needs almost always with conscious aims and ends. Parson Weemss George Washington became the symbol of honesty and the father image of the uniting States. <SEP> Abraham Lincoln emerged as an incarnation of the national Constitution. Robert E. Lee represented the dignity needed by a rebelling confederacy. <SEP> Their roles are paralleled by those of Patrick Henry Nathan Hale Andrew Jackson Davy Crockett Theodore Roosevelt and many many more. Therefore the scholar as he looks at our national folklore of the last years will be mindful of two facts. <SEP> -RRB- Most of the legends that are created to fan the fires of patriotism are essentially propagandistic and are not folk legends at all. -RRB- The concept that an American national folklore exists is itself probably another propagandistic legend. <SEP> Folklore is individually created art that a homogeneous group of people preserve vary and recreate through oral transmission. It has come to mean myths legends tales songs proverbs riddles superstitions rhymes and such literary forms of expression. <SEP> Related to written literature and often remaining temporarily frozen in written form it loses its vitality when transcribed or removed from its oral existence. Though it may exist in either literate or illiterate societies it assumes a role of true cultural importance only in the latter. <SEP> In its propagandistic and commercial haste to discover our folk heritage the public has remained ignorant of definitions such as this. Enthusiastically Americans have swept subliterary and bogus materials like Paul Bunyan tales Abe Lincoln anecdotes and labor union songs up as true products of our American oral tradition. <SEP> We remembered that in the melting pot of America the hundreds of isolated and semi-isolated ethnic regional and occupational groups did not fuse into a homogeneous national unit until long after education and industrialization had caused them to cast oral tradition aside as a means of carrying culturally significant material. Naturally such scholarly facts are of little concern to the man trying to make money or fan patriotism by means of folklore. <SEP> That much of what he calls folklore is the result of beliefs carefully sown among the people with the conscious aim of producing a desired mass emotional reaction to a particular situation or set of situations is irrelevant. As long as his material is Americana can in some way be ascribed to the masses and appears democratic to his audience he remains satisfied. <SEP> From all this we can now see that two streams of development run through the history of twentieth-century American folklore. On the one side we have the university professors and their students trained in Teutonic methods of research who have sought out collected and studied the true products of the oral traditions of the ethnic regional and occupational groups that make up this nation. <SEP> On the other we have the flag-wavers and the national sentimentalists who have been willing to use any patriotic frontier western or colonial material willy-nilly. Unfortunately few of the artists -LRB- writers movie producers dramatists and musicians -RRB- who have used American folklore since have known enough to distinguish between the two streams even in the most general of ways. <SEP> After all the field is large difficult to define and seldom taught properly to American undergraduates. In addition this country has been settled by many peoples of many heritages and their lore has become acculturated slowly in an age of print and easy communication within an ever-expanding and changing society. <SEP> The problems confuse even the experts. For that matter the experts themselves are a mixed breed. <SEP> Anthropologists housewives historians and such by profession they approach their discipline as amateurs collectors commercial propagandists analysts or some combination of the four. They have widely varying backgrounds and aims. <SEP> They have little esprit de corps. The outlook for the amateur for instance is usually dependent on his fondness for local history or for the picturesque. <SEP> His love of folklore has romanticism in it and he doesnt care much about the dollar-sign or the footnote. Folklore is his hobby and he all too rightly wishes it to remain as such. <SEP> The amateur is closely related to the collector who is actually no more than the amateur who has taken to the field. The collector enjoys the contact with rural life he hunts folklore for the very field and stream reasons that many persons hunt game and only rarely is he acutely concerned with the meaning of what he has located. <SEP> Fundamentally both these types the amateur and the collector are uncritical and many of them dont distinguish well between real folklore and bogus material. There are also the commercial propagandists and the analysts -- one dominated by money the other by nineteenth-century German scholarship. <SEP> Both are primarily concerned with the uses that can be made of the material that the collector has found. Both shudder at the thought of proceeding too far beyond the sewage system and the electric light lines. <SEP> The commercial propagandist who cant afford to be critical gets along well with the amateur from whom he feeds but he frequently steps on the analysts toes by refusing to keep his material genuine. His standards are of course completely foreign to those of the analyst. <SEP> To both the amateur and the commercial progandist the analyst lacks a soul lacks appreciation with his endless probings and classifications. Dominated by the vicious circle of the university promotion system the analyst looks down on and gets along poorly with the other three groups although he can not deny his debt to the collector. <SEP> The knowledge that most Americans have of folklore comes through contact with commercial propagandists and a few energetic amateurs and collectors. The work done by the analysts the men who really know what folklore is all about has no more appeal than any other work of a truly scientific sort and reaches a limited learned audience. <SEP> Publishers want books that will sell recording studios want discs that will not seem strange to ears used to hillbilly and jazz music grade and high schools want quaint but moral material. The analyst is apt to be too honest to fit in. <SEP> As a result most people dont have more than a vague idea what folklore actually is they see it as a potpourri of charming moral legends and patriotic anecdotes with a superstition or remedy thrown in here and there. So well is such ignorance preserved by the amateur and the money-maker that even at the college level most of the hundred-odd folklore courses given in the United States survive on sentiment and nationalism alone. <SEP> If one wishes to discuss a literary figure who uses folklore in his work the first thing he must realize is that the literary figure is probably part of this ignorant American public. While every writer must be dealt with as a special case the interested student will want to ask himself a number of questions about each. <SEP> The writer know the difference between an ersatz ballad or tall tale and a true product of the folk When the writer uses material does he tamper with it to improve its commercial effect or does he leave it pure <SEP> the writer propagandistic he swept away by sentiment and nostalgia for an America that was <SEP> he sincerely want to tap the real springs of American attitude and culture regardless of how unpopular and embarrassing they may be When he gets the answers to his questions he will be discouraged. <SEP> In the first place a good many writers who are said to use folklore do not unless one counts an occasional superstition or tale. Robert Frost for instance writes about rural life in New England but he does not include any significant amount of folklore in his poems. <SEP> This has not however prevented publishers from labeling him a folk poet simply because he is a rural one. In the second place a large number of writers making a more direct claim than Frost to being folk writers of one sort or another clearly make no distinctions between genuine and bogus material. <SEP> Stephen Vincent Benets John Browns Body comes immediately to mind in this connection as does John Steinbecks The Grapes Of Wrath and Carl Sandburgs The People Yes. The last two writers introduce strong political bias into their works and not unlike the union leaders that we will discuss soon see folklore as a reservoir of protest by a downtrodden and publically silenced mass. <SEP> Folklore as used by such writers really reflects images engraved into it by the very person using it. The folk are simply not homogeneous with respect to nation or political attitude. <SEP> In fact there is much evidence to indicate they dont care a bit about anything beyond their particular regional ethnic and occupational limits. Nevertheless with a reading public that longs for the good old days and with an awareness of our expanding international interests it is easy for the Benets to obtain a magnified position in literature by use of all sorts of Americana real or fake and it is easy for the Steinbecks and Sandburgs to support their messages of reform by reading messages of reform into the minds of the folk.
cf26.txt:Should be used frequently -LRB- but shaken before using -RRB-. <SEP> For galled breasts the mother should shave into half a cup of fresh unsalted lard enough white chalk to make a paste. This could also be used for any other skin irritation. <SEP> She might place cornstarch in the oven for a short time and then apply this under her breasts. Female troubles of various kinds do not seem to have been common on the frontier at least I have only one remedy for anything of this kind in my collection one for hastening delayed menstruation. <SEP> The sufferer drinks tansy tea. Bruises burns cuts etc. Occurred frequently on the frontier and folk medicine gave the answers to these problems too. <SEP> Bruises and black eyes were relieved by application of raw beefsteak. -LRB- Doctors now say that it was not the meat but the coolness of the applications which relieved the pain. -RRB- Salted butter was another cure for bruises. <SEP> Many people agreed that burns should be treated with bland oily salves or unsalted butter or lard but one informant told me that a burn should be bathed in salt water the burn oozed watery fluid for many days and finally the healing was completed by bathing it with epsom salts. Another swore by vinegar baths for burns and still another recommended salted butter. <SEP> Butter salve or butter ointment was used for burns and for bruises as well. This was made by putting butter in a pan of water and allowing it to boil when it was cool the fat was skimmed off and bottled. <SEP> Cows milk was another cure for burns and burns covered with gum arabic or plain mucilage healed quickly. One man badly burned about the face and eyes by an arc welding torch was blinded and could not find a doctor at the time. <SEP> A sympathetic friend made poultices of raw potato parings which she said was the best and quickest way to draw out the heat. Later the doctor used mineral oil on the burns. <SEP> The results were good but which treatment helped is still not known. To stop bleeding cobwebs were applied to cuts and wounds. <SEP> One old-timer said to sprinkle sugar on a bleeding cut even when on a knuckle if it was made by a rusty tool this would stop the flow and also prevent infection. My lawyer told me that his mother used a similar remedy for cuts and wounds she sprinkled common sugar directly on the injury and then bound it loosely with cotton cloth over which she poured turpentine. <SEP> He showed me one of his fingers which had been practically amputated and which his mother had treated there is scarcely a scar showing. Tobacco was common first aid. <SEP> A chaw of tobacco put on an open wound was both antiseptic and healing. A thin slice of plug tobacco might be laid on the open wound without chewing. <SEP> One old man told me that when he was a boy he was kicked in the head by a fractious mule and had his scalp laid back from the entire front of his head. His brother ran a mile to get the father when they reached the boy the father sliced a new plug of tobacco put the scalp back in place and covered the raw edges with the slices. <SEP> Then he put a rag around the dressing to keep it in place. There was no cleaning or further care but the wound healed in less than two weeks and showed no scar. <SEP> Veronica from the herb garden was also used to stop bleeding and rue was an antiseptic. Until quite recently sterile maggots could be bought to apply to a wound they would feed on its surface leaving it clean so that it could be medically treated. <SEP> Tetanus could be avoided by pouring warm turpentine over a wound. One family bound wounds with bacon or salt pork strips or if these were not handy plain lard. <SEP> Another sprinkled sugar on hot coals and held the wounded foot or hand in the smoke. Rabies were cured or prevented by madstones which the pioneer wore or carried. <SEP> In there were known to be twenty-two in Norton County and one had been in the family for years. Another cure for hydrophobia was to suck the wounds then cauterize them with a hot knife or poker. <SEP> While nowadays we recognize the fact that there are many causes for bleeding at the nose not long ago a nosebleed was simply that and treatment had little variation. Since a fall or blow might have caused it a cold pack was usually first aid. <SEP> This might be applied to the top of the nose or the back of the neck pressed on the upper lip or inserted into the nostril -LRB- cotton was usually used in this last -RRB-. Nosebleed could be stopped by wrapping a red woolen string about the patients neck and tying it in a knot for each year of his life. <SEP> The victim could chew hard on a piece of paper meanwhile pressing his fingers tight in his ears. Old sores could be healed by the constant application of a wash made of equal parts vinegar and water. <SEP> Blood blisters could be prevented from forming by rubbing a work blister immediately with any hard nonpoisonous substance. Felons were cured by taking common salt and drying it in the oven pounding it fine and mixing it with equal parts of spirits of turpentine this mixture was then spread on a cloth and wrapped around the affected part. <SEP> As the cloth dried more of the mixture was applied and after twenty-four hours the felon was supposed to be killed. Insect bites were cured in many ways. <SEP> Many an old-timer swore by the saliva method get a bite spit on it was a proverb. This was used also for bruises. <SEP> Yellow clay was used as a poultice for insect bites and also for swellings not long ago Denver Mud was most popular. Chiggers were a common pest along streams and where gardens and berries thrived so small as to be scarcely visible to the eye they buried themselves in the victims flesh. <SEP> Bathing the itching parts with kerosene gave relief and also killed the pests. Ant bites were eased by applying liquid bluing. <SEP> For mosquito bites a paste of half a glass of salt and half a glass of soda was made. For wasp stings onion juice obtained by scraping an onion gave quick relief. <SEP> A handier remedy was to bathe the painful part in strong soapy water mud was sometimes used as well as soap. Just plain old black dirt was also used as a pack to relieve wasp or bee stings. <SEP> Bedbugs were a common pest in pioneer days to keep them out of homes even in thes was a chore. Bed slats were washed in alum water legs of beds were placed in cups of kerosene and all woodwork was treated liberally with corrosive sublimate applied with a feather. <SEP> Kerosene was very effective in ridding pioneer homes of the pests. At times pioneer children got lice in their hair. <SEP> A kerosene shampoo seems a heroic treatment but it did the job. To remove an insect from ones ear warm water should be inserted. <SEP> A cinder or other small object could be removed from the eye by placing a flaxseed in the eye. As the seed swelled its glutinous covering protected the eyeball from irritation and both the cinder and the seed could soon be washed out. <SEP> Another way to remove small objects from the eye was to have the person look cross-eyed the particle would then move toward the nose where it could be wiped out with a wisp of cotton. Shingles were cured by gentian an old drug used in combinations. <SEP> For erysipelas a mixture of one dram borax and one ounce glycerine was applied to the afflicted part on linen cloth. Itching skin considered just nerves was eased by treating with whiskey and salt. <SEP> Winter itch was treated by applying strong apple cider in which pulverized bloodroot had been steeped. To cure fungus growths on mouth or hands people made a strong tea by using a handful of sassafras bark in a quart of water. <SEP> They drank half a cup of this morning and night and they also washed and soaked their hands in the same solution. Six treatments cured one case which lasted a month and had defied other remedies. <SEP> Frostbite was treated by putting the feet and hands in ice water or by rubbing them with snow. Now one hears that heat and hot water are used instead. <SEP> Another remedy was oil of eucalyptus used as well for chilblains. Chilblains were also treated with tincture of capsicum or cabbage leaves. <SEP> Boils have always been a source of much trouble. A German informant gave me a sure cure made by combining rye flour and molasses into a poultice. <SEP> Another poultice was made from the inner bark of the elm tree steeped in water until it formed a sticky gummy solution. This was also used for sores. <SEP> Another frequent pioneer difficulty caused by wearing rough and heavy shoes and boots was corns. One veracious woman tells me she has used thin potato parings for both corns and calluses on her feet and they remove the pain or fire. <SEP> Another common cure was to soak the feet five or ten minutes in warm water then to apply a solution of equal parts of soda and common brown soap on a kid bandage overnight. This softened the skin so that in the morning when the bandage was removed the corn could be scraped off and a bit of corn plaster put on. <SEP> There were many cures for warts. One young girl told me how her mother removed a wart from her finger by soaking a copper penny in vinegar for three days and then painting the finger with the liquid several times. <SEP> Another wart removal method was to rub each wart with a bean split open and then to bury the bean halves under the drip of the house for seven days. Saliva gathered in the mouth after a nights sleep was considered poisonous wetting a wart with this saliva on wakening the first thing in the morning was supposed to cause it to disappear after only a few treatments and strangely enough many warts did just that. <SEP> One wart cure was to wrap it in a hair from a blonde gypsy. Another was to soak raw beef in vinegar for twenty-four hours tie it on the wart and wear it for a week. <SEP> A simpler method was to tie a thread tightly around the wart at its base and wear it this way. I know this worked. <SEP> One person recommended to me washing the wart with sulphur water another said it should be rubbed with a cut potato three times daily. Another common method was to cut an onion in two and place each half on the wart for a moment the onion was then fastened together with string and placed beneath a dripping eave. <SEP> As the onion decayed so did the wart. Sore muscles were relieved by an arnica rub sore feet by calfs-foot an herb from the pioneers ubiquitous herb garden or by soaking the feet in a pan of hot water in which two cups of salt had been dissolved. <SEP> Leg cramps one person tells me were relieved by standing barefoot with the weight of the body on the heel and pressing down hard. This does give relief as I can testify. <SEP> One doctor prescribed a tablespoon of whiskey or brandy before each meal for leg cramps. Pains in the back of the leg and in the abdomen were prevented from reaching the upper body by tying a rope about the patients waist. <SEP> For sprains and swellings one pint of cider vinegar and half a pint of spirits of turpentine added to three well beaten eggs was said to give speedy relief.
cg35.txt:United States is always ready to participate with the Soviet Union in serious discussion of these or any other subjects that may lead to peace with justice. <SEP> Certainly it is not necessary to repeat that the United States has no intention of interfering in the internal affairs of any nation by the same token we reject any Soviet attempt to impose its system on us or other peoples by force or subversion. Now this concern for the freedom of other peoples is the intellectual and spiritual cement which has allied us with more than forty other nations in a common defense effort. <SEP> Not for a moment do we forget that our own fate is firmly fastened to that of these countries we will not act in any way which would jeopardize our solemn commitments to them. We and our friends are of course concerned with self-defense. <SEP> Growing out of this concern is the realization that all people of the Free World have a great stake in the progress in freedom of the uncommitted and newly emerging nations. These peoples desperately hoping to lift themselves to decent levels of living must not by our neglect be forced to seek help from and finally become virtual satellites of those who proclaim their hostility to freedom. <SEP> They must have technical and investment assistance. This is a problem to be solved not by America alone but also by every nation cherishing the same ideals and in position to provide help. <SEP> In recent years Americas partners and friends in Western Europe and Japan have made great economic progress. The international economy of is markedly different from that of the early postwar years. <SEP> No longer is the United States the only major industrial country capable of providing substantial amounts of the resources so urgently needed in the newly developed countries. To remain secure and prosperous themselves wealthy nations must extend the kind of co-operation to the less fortunate members that will inspire hope confidence and progress. <SEP> A rich nation can for a time without noticeable damage to itself pursue a course of self-indulgence making its single goal the material ease and comfort of its own citizens -- thus repudiating its own spiritual and material stake in a peaceful and prosperous society of nations. The enmities it will incur the isolation into which it will descend and the internal moral and spiritual softness that will be engendered will in the long term bring it to economic and political disaster. <SEP> America did not become great through softness and self-indulgence. Her miraculous progress in material achievements flows from other qualities far more worthy and substantial : adherence to principles and methods consonant with our religious philosophy a satisfaction in hard work the readiness to sacrifice for worthwhile causes the courage to meet every challenge the intellectual honesty and capacity to recognize the true path of her own best interests. <SEP> To us and to every nation of the Free World rich or poor these qualities are necessary today as never before if we are to march together to greater security prosperity and peace. I believe that the industrial countries are ready to participate actively in supplementing the efforts of the developing nations to achieve progress. <SEP> The immediate need for this kind of co-operation is underscored by the strain in this nations international balance of payments. Our surplus from foreign business transactions has in recent years fallen substantially short of the expenditures we make abroad to maintain our military establishments overseas to finance private investment and to provide assistance to the less developed nations. <SEP> In our deficit in balance of payments approached four billion dollars. Continuing deficits of anything like this magnitude would over time impair our own economic growth and check the forward progress of the Free World. <SEP> We must meet this situation by promoting a rising volume of exports and world trade. Further we must induce all industrialized nations of the Free World to work together to help lift the scourge of poverty from less fortunate. <SEP> This co-operation in this matter will provide both for the necessary sharing of this burden and in bringing about still further increases in mutually profitable trade. New Nations and others struggling with the problems of development will progress only -- regardless of any outside help -- if they demonstrate faith in their own destiny and use their own resources to fulfill it. <SEP> Moreover progress in a national transformation can be only gradually earned there is no easy and quick way to follow from the oxcart to the jet plane. Just as we drew on Europe for assistance in our earlier years so now do these new and emerging nations that do have this faith and determination deserve help. <SEP> Respecting their need one of the major focal points of our concern is the South-Asian region. Here in two nations alone are almost five hundred million people all working and working hard to raise their standards and in doing so to make of themselves a strong bulwark against the spread of an ideology that would destroy liberty. <SEP> I can not express to you the depth of my conviction that in our own and free world interest we must co-operate with others to help these people achieve their legitimate ambitions as expressed in their different multi-year plans. Through the World Bank and other instrumentalities as well as through individual action by every nation in position to help we must squarely face this titanic challenge. <SEP> I shall continue to urge the American people in the interests of their own security prosperity and peace to make sure that their own part of this great project be amply and cheerfully supported. Free world decisions in this matter may spell the difference between world disaster and world progress in freedom. <SEP> Other countries some of which I visited last month have similar needs. A common meeting ground is desirable for those nations which are prepared to assist in the development effort. <SEP> During the past year I have discussed this matter with the leaders of several Western nations. Because of its wealth of experience the Organization for European Economic Cooperation could help with the initial studies needed. <SEP> The goal is to enlist all available economic resources in the industrialized Free World especially private investment capital. By extending this help we hope to make possible the enthusiastic enrollment of these nations under freedoms banner. <SEP> No more startling contrast to a system of sullen satellites could be imagined. If we grasp this opportunity to build an age of productive partnership between the less fortunate nations and those that have already achieved a high state of economic advancement we will make brighter the outlook for a world order based upon security and freedom. <SEP> Otherwise the outlook could be dark indeed. We face indeed what may be a turning point in history and we must act decisively and wisely. <SEP> As a nation we can successfully pursue these objectives only from a position of broadly based strength. No matter how earnest is our quest for guaranteed peace we must maintain a high degree of military effectiveness at the same time we are engaged in negotiating the issue of arms reduction. <SEP> Until tangible and mutually enforceable arms reduction measures are worked out we will not weaken the means of defending our institutions. America possesses an enormous defense power. <SEP> It is my studied conviction that no nation will ever risk general war against us unless we should become so foolish as to neglect the defense forces we now so powerfully support. It is world-wide knowledge that any power which might be tempted today to attack the United States by surprise even though we might sustain great losses would itself promptly suffer a terrible destruction. <SEP> I once again assure all peoples and all nations that the United States except in defense will never turn loose this destructive power. During the past year our long-range striking power unmatched today in manned bombers has taken on new strength as the Atlas intercontinental ballistic missile has entered the operational inventory. <SEP> In fourteen recent test launchings at ranges of five thousand miles Atlas has been striking on an average within two miles of the target. This is less than the length of a jet runway -- well within the circle of destruction. <SEP> Incidentally there was an Atlas firing last night. From all reports so far received its performance conformed to the high standards I have just described. <SEP> Such performance is a great tribute to American scientists and engineers who in the past five years have had to telescope time and technology to develop these long-range ballistic missiles where America had none before. This year moreover growing numbers of nuclear powered submarines will enter our active forces some to be armed with Polaris missiles. <SEP> These remarkable ships and weapons ranging the oceans will be capable of accurate fire on targets virtually anywhere on earth. To meet situations of less than general nuclear war we continue to maintain our carrier forces our many service units abroad our always ready Army strategic forces and Marine Corps divisions and the civilian components. <SEP> The continuing modernization of these forces is a costly but necessary process. It is scheduled to go forward at a rate which will steadily add to our strength. <SEP> The deployment of a portion of these forces beyond our shores on land and sea is persuasive demonstration of our determination to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with our allies for collective security. Moreover I have directed that steps be taken to program on a longer range basis our military assistance to these allies. <SEP> This is necessary for a sounder collective defense system. Next I refer to our program in space exploration which is often mistakenly supposed to be an integral part of defense research and development. <SEP> We note that first America has already made great contributions in the past two years to the worlds fund of knowledge of astrophysics and space science. These discoveries are of present interest chiefly to the scientific community but they are important foundation stones for more extensive exploration of outer space for the ultimate benefit of all mankind. <SEP> Second our military missile program going forward so successfully does not suffer from our present lack of very large rocket engines which are necessary in distant space exploration. I am assured by experts that the thrust of our present missiles is fully adequate for defense requirements. <SEP> Third the United States is pressing forward in the development of large rocket engines to place vehicles of many tons into space for exploration purposes. Fourth in the meantime it is necessary to remember that we have only begun to probe the environment immediately surrounding the earth. <SEP> Using launch systems presently available we are developing satellites to scout the worlds weather satellite relay stations to facilitate and extend communications over the globe for navigation aids to give accurate bearings to ships and aircraft and for perfecting instruments to collect and transmit the data we seek. Fifth we have just completed a years experience with our new space law. <SEP> I believe it deficient in certain particulars. Suggested improvements will be submitted to the Congress shortly. <SEP> The accomplishment of the many tasks I have alluded to requires the continuous strengthening of the spiritual intellectual and economic sinews of American life. The steady purpose of our society is to assure justice before God for every individual. <SEP> We must be ever alert that freedom does not wither through the careless amassing of restrictive controls or the lack of courage to deal boldly with the issues of the day. A year ago when I met with you the nation was emerging from an economic downturn even though the signs of resurgent prosperity were not then sufficiently convincing to the doubtful. <SEP> Today our surging strength is apparent to everyone. Promises to be the most prosperous year in our history. <SEP> Yet we continue to be afflicted by nagging disorders. Among current problems that require solutions participated in by citizens as well as government are : the need to protect the public interest in situations of prolonged labor-management stalemate the persistent refusal to come to grips with a critical problem in one sector of American agriculture the continuing threat of inflation together with the persisting tendency toward fiscal irresponsibility in certain instances the denial to some of our citizens of equal protection of the law.
cn11.txt:Author of the anonymous notes seemed to be all-knowing. <SEP> Men who had left cattle alone after getting their first notices had received no second. The day of the deadline came and passed and the men who had scoffed at the warnings laughed with satisfaction. <SEP> With a single exception nothing had happened to them. The exception was an Iron Mountain settler named William Lewis. <SEP> After walking out to his corral that morning hed been amazed to see the dust puff up in front of his feet. A split second later the distant crack of a rifle had sounded. <SEP> Hed mounted up immediately and raced with a revolver ready toward the spot from which hed estimated the shot had come. He had found all of the thickets and points of cover deserted. <SEP> There had been no sign of a rifleman and no track or trace to show that anyone had been near. Lewis was a man who had made a full-time job of cow stealing. <SEP> He hadnt even pretended to be farming his spread. His land had never been plowed. <SEP> He had done his rustling openly and boasted about it. He had received both first and second anonymous notices and each time he had accused his neighbors of writing them. <SEP> He had cursed at them and threatened them. He was a man those neighbors testified later who didnt have a friend in the world. <SEP> William Lewis made the rounds of all who lived near him again that August morning after a bullet landed at his feet and once more he accused and threatened everyone. Ill be ready next time <SEP> He raged. Ill be shootin right back. <SEP> He had his chance the very next morning for exactly the same thing happened again. This time Lewis had his own rifle in his hands and he threw some answering fire back at the mysterious far-off shot then spent most of the day searching out the area. <SEP> He found nothing but he still refused to give up and move out. Just let me meet up with that damned bushwhackin coward face-to-face <SEP> He exploded. Thats all I ask <SEP> He never got that chance. The unseen ghostlike rifleman aimed a little higher the third time. <SEP> A bullet smashed directly into the center of William Lewis chest. He slumped against a log fence rail then tried to lift himself. <SEP> Two more shots followed in quick succession dropping him limp and huddled on the ground. An inquest was held and after a good deal of testimony about the anonymous notes the county coroner estimated that the shooting had been done from a distance of yards. <SEP> Rumors of the offer Tom Horn had made at the Stockgrowers Association meeting had leaked out by then and as a grand jury investigation of the murder got underway the prosecuting attorney a Colonel Baird ordered that the tall stock detective be summoned for questioning. It took some time to locate Horn. <SEP> He was finally found in the Bates Hole region of Natrona County two counties away. Prosecutor Baird immediately assumed he was hiding out there after the shooting and began preparing an indictment. <SEP> That indictment was never made. Tom Horn it turned out had a number of rancher and cowboy witnesses ready and willing to swear with straight faces that he had been in Bates Hole the day of the killing. <SEP> The former scouts alibi couldnt be shaken. The authorities had to release him. <SEP> He immediately rode on to Cheyenne threw a ten-day drinking spree and dropped some very strong hints among friends. Dead center at three hundred yards that coroner said <SEP> Hed grin. Three shots in that fellafore he hit the ground You reckon theres two men in this state can shoot like that <SEP> Publicly he denied everything. Privately he created and magnified an image of himself as a hired assassin. <SEP> A blood-chilling ring of terror to the very sound of his name was the tool he needed for the job hed promised to do. Tom Horn was soon back at work giving his secret employers their moneys worth. <SEP> A good many beef-hungry settlers were accepting the death of William Lewis as proof that the warning notes were not idle threats. The company herds were being raided less often and cabins and soddies all over the range were standing deserted. <SEP> There were other homesteaders who passed the Lewis murder off as a personal grudge killing the work of one of his neighbors. The rustling problem was by no means solved. <SEP> Even in the very area where the shooting had been done cattle were still disappearing. Less than a dozen miles from the unplowed land of the dead man lived another settler who had ignored the warnings that his existence might be foreclosed on -- a blatant and defiant rustler named Fred Powell. <SEP> Fred was mighty crude about the way he took in cattle his own hired man Andy Ross mentioned later. Everyone knew it but he sort of acted like he didnt care who knew it -- even after them notes came even after hed heard about Lewis even after hed been shot at a couple o times hisself <SEP> On the morning of September Powell and Ross rose at dawn and began their days work. Haying time was close at hand and they needed some strong branches to repair a hay rack. <SEP> Harnessing a team to a buckboard they drove out to a willow-lined creek about a half-mile off then climbed down and began chopping. Andy Ross had just started swinging an ax at his second willow when the distant blast of a rifle sounded. <SEP> He looked around in surprise then noticed that Fred Powell was clutching his chest. The hired man ran over to help his boss. <SEP> My God Im shot Powell gasped. He collapsed and died instantly. <SEP> Ross had no intention of searching for the assassin. He heaved the dead man onto the buckboard yelled and lashed at the team and got out of there fast. <SEP> He brought back the sheriff and several deputies and to the lawmen the entire affair seemed a repetition of the Lewis killing. A detailed scouring of the entire area revealed nothing beyond a ledge of rocks that might have been the riflemans hiding place. <SEP> There were no tracks of either hoofs or boots. Not even an empty cartridge case could be found. <SEP> Once again Tom Horn was the first and most likely suspect and he was brought in for questioning immediately. Once again he shook his head kept his face expressionless and his voice very calm and had a strongly supported alibi ready. <SEP> Later riding in for some lusty enjoyment of the liquor and professional ladies of Cheyenne he laid claim to the killing with the vague insinuations he made. Exterminatin cow thieves is just a business proposition with me hed blandly announce. <SEP> I sort o got a corner on the market. Tom a friend asked him once how come you bushwhacked them rustlers <SEP> They wouldnt o stood no chance with you in a plain straight-out shoot-down. He had lots of friends then as always. <SEP> Even as he became widely known as a professional killer nearly every cowboy and rancher in Wyoming seemed proud to call him a friend. No mans name brought more cheers when it was announced in a rodeo. <SEP> Well he explained sposin you was a nester swingin the long rope Which would you be most scairt of -- a dry-gulchin or a shoot-down Yeah I can see that the friend was forced to agree. <SEP> Well it just dont seem sportin somehow Sportin The tall sunburnt rustler-hunter stared in amazement. Sportin <SEP> He echoed again in soft wonder. I seen a lot o things in my time. <SEP> I found a trooper once the Apache had spread-eagled on an ant hill and another time we ran across some teamsters theyd caught tied upside down on their own wagon wheels over little fires until their brains was exploded right out o their skulls. I heard o Texas cattlemen wrappin a cow thief up in green hides and lettin the sun shrinkem and squeeze him to death. <SEP> But theres one thing I never seen or heard of one thing I just dont think there is and thats a sportin way o killin a man After the first two murders the warning notes were rarely ignored. <SEP> The lesson had been learned. The examples were plain. <SEP> When Fred Powells brother-in-law Charlie Keane moved into the dead mans home the anonymous letter writer took no chances on Charlie taking up where Fred had left off and wasted no time on a first notice : If you dont leave this country within days your life will be taken the same as Powells was. This was the message found tacked to the cabin door. <SEP> Keane left within three days. All through Albany and Laramie counties other men were doing the same. <SEP> Houses of settlers whod treated the company herds as a natural resource free for the taking were sitting empty with weeds growing high in their yards. The small half-heartedly tended fields of men whod spent more time rustling cattle than farming were lying fallow. <SEP> No cow thief could count on a jury of his sympathetic peers to free him any longer. Jury judge and executioner were riding the range in the form of a single unknown figure that could materialize anywhere at any time to dispense an ancient brand of justice the men of the new West had believed long outdated. <SEP> For three straight years Tom Horn patrolled the southern Wyoming pastures and how many men he killed after Lewis and Powell -LRB- if he killed Lewis and Powell -RRB- will never be known. It is possible although highly doubtful that he killed none at all but merely let his reputation work for him by privately claiming every unsolved murder in the state. <SEP> It is also possible but equally doubtful that he actually shot down the hundreds of men with which his legend credits him. That legend was growing explosively Rumor was insisting he received a price of $ U a man. <SEP> -LRB- The best evidence is that he received a monthly wage of about $ U very good money in an era when top hands worked for $ U and found -RRB-. Rumor had it he slipped two small rocks under each victims head as a sort of trademark. <SEP> -LRB- A detailed search of old coroners reports fails to substantiate this in the slightest -RRB-. One thing was certain -- his method was effective so effective that after a time even the warning notices were often unnecessary. <SEP> The mere fact that the tall figure with the rifle and field glasses had been seen riding that way was enough to frighten three rustling homesteaders out of the Upper Laramie country in a single week. My reputations my stock in trade Tom mentioned more than once. <SEP> He evidently couldnt foresee that it might be his downfall in the end. He had made himself the personification of the Devil to the homesteaders. <SEP> To the cattlemen who had been facing bankruptcy from rustling losses and to the cowboys who had been faced with lay-offs a few years earlier he was becoming a vastly different type of legendary figure. Such ranchers as Coble and Clay and the Bosler brothers carried him on their books as a cowhand even while he was receiving a much larger salary from parties unknown. <SEP> He made their spreads his headquarters and he helped out in their roundups. In the cow camps Tom Horn was regarded as a hero as the same kind of champion he was when he entered and invariably won the local rodeos. <SEP> The hands and their bosses saw him as a lone knight of the range waging a dedicated crusade against a lawless new society that was threatening a beloved way of life. The wailing guitar-strumming minstrels of the cattle kingdom made up songs about him. <SEP> By rustling losses had been driven down to the lowest level ever seen in Wyoming.
ck14.txt:Brought with him a mixture of myrrh and aloes of about a hundred pounds weight. <SEP> They took Jesuss body then and wrapped it in winding-clothes with the spices that is how the Jews prepare a body for burial. Listed as present at the Descent were Mary Marys sister Mary Magdalene John Joseph of Arimathea Nicodemus. <SEP> Search as he might he could find no place where the Bible spoke of a moment when Mary could have been alone with Jesus. Mostly the scene was crowded with mourners such as the dramatic DellArca Lamentation in Bologna where the grief-stricken spectators had usurped Marys last poignant moment. <SEP> In his concept there could be no one else present. His first desire was to create a mother and son alone in the universe. <SEP> When might Mary have had that moment to hold her child on her lap Perhaps after the soldiers had laid him on the ground while Joseph of Arimathea was at Pontius Pilates asking for Christs body Nicodemus was gathering his mixture of myrrh and aloes and the others had gone home to mourn. Those who saw his finished Pieta would take the place of the biblical witnesses. <SEP> They would feel what Mary was undergoing. There would be no halos no angels. <SEP> These would be two human beings whom God had chosen. He felt close to Mary having spent so long concentrating on the beginning of her journey. <SEP> Now she was intensely alive anguished her son was dead. Even though he would later be resurrected he was at this moment dead indeed the expression on his face reflecting what he had gone through on the cross. <SEP> In his sculpture therefore it would not be possible for him to project anything of what Jesus felt for his mother only what Mary felt for her son. Jesus inert body would be passive his eyes closed. <SEP> Mary would have to carry the human communication. This seemed right to him. <SEP> It was a relief to shift in his mind to technical problems. Since his Christ was to be life size how was Mary to hold him on her lap without the relationship seeming ungainly <SEP> His Mary would be slender of limb and delicate of proportion yet she must hold this full-grown man as securely and convincingly as she would a child. There was only one way to accomplish this : by design by drawing diagrams and sketches in which he probed the remotest corner of his mind for creative ideas to carry his concept. <SEP> He started by making free sketches to loosen up his thinking so that images would appear on paper. Visually these approximated what he was feeling within himself. <SEP> At the same time he started walking the streets peering at the people passing or shopping at the stalls storing up fresh impressions of what they looked like how they moved. In particular he sought the gentle sweet-faced nuns with head coverings and veils coming to the middle of their foreheads remembering their expressions until he reached home and set them down on paper. <SEP> Discovering that draperies could be designed to serve structural purposes he began a study of the anatomy of folds. He improvised as he went along completing a life-size clay figure then bought yards of an inexpensive material from a draper wet the lightweight cloth in a basin and covered it over with clay that Argiento brought from the bank of the Tiber to the consistency of thick mud. <SEP> No fold could be accidental each turn of the drapery had to serve organically to cover the Madonnas slender legs and feet so that they would give substantive support to Christs body to intensify her inner turmoil. When the cloth dried and stiffened he saw what adjustments had to be made. <SEP> So thats sculpture commented Argiento wryly when he had sluiced down the floor for a week making mud pies. Michelangelo grinned. <SEP> See Argiento if you control the way these folds are bunched like this or made to flow you can enrich the body attitudes. They can have as much tactile appeal as flesh and bone. <SEP> He went into the Jewish quarter wanting to draw Hebraic faces so that he could reach a visual understanding of how Christ might have looked. The Jewish section was in Trastevere near the Tiber at the church of San Francesco a Ripa. <SEP> The colony had been small until the Spanish Inquisition of drove many Jews into Rome. Here for the most part they were well treated as a reminder of the Old Testament heritage of Christianity many of their gifted members were prominent in the Vatican as physicians musicians bankers. <SEP> The men did not object to his sketching them while they went about their work but no one could be persuaded to come to his studio to pose. He was told to ask for Rabbi Melzi at the synagogue on Saturday afternoon. <SEP> Michelangelo found the rabbi in the room of study a gentle old man with a white beard and luminous grey eyes robed in black gabardine with a skullcap on his head. He was reading from the Talmud with a group of men from his congregation. <SEP> When Michelangelo explained why he had come Rabbi Melzi replied gravely : The Bible forbids us to bow down to or to make graven images. That is why our creative people give their time to literature not to painting or sculpture. <SEP> Rabbi Melzi you dont object to others creating works of art Not at all. Each religion has its own tenets. <SEP> I am carving a Pieta from white Carrara marble. I wish to make Jesus an authentic Jew. <SEP> I can not accomplish this if you will not help me. The rabbi said thoughtfully I would not want my people to get in trouble with the Church. <SEP> I am working for the Cardinal of San Dionigi. Im sure he would approve. <SEP> What kind of models would you prefer Workmen. In their mid-thirties. Not bulky laborers but sinewy men. With intelligence. And sensitivity. Rabbi Melzi smiled at him with infinitely old but merry eyes. <SEP> Leave me your address. I will send you the best the quarter has to offer. <SEP> Michelangelo hurried to Sangallos solitary bachelor room with his sketches asked the architect to design a stand which would simulate the seated Madonna. Sangallo studied the drawings and improvised a trestle couch. <SEP> Michelangelo bought some scrap lumber. Together he and Argiento built the stand covering it with blankets. <SEP> His first model arrived at dusk. He hesitated for a moment when Michelangelo asked him to disrobe so Michelangelo gave him a piece of toweling to wrap around his loins led him to the kitchen to take off his clothes. <SEP> He then draped him over the rough stand explained that he was supposed to be recently dead and was being held on his mothers lap. The model quite plainly thought Michelangelo crazy only the instructions from his rabbi kept him from bolting. <SEP> At the end of the sitting when Michelangelo showed him the quick free drawings with the mother roughed in holding her son the model grasped what Michelangelo was after and promised to speak to his friends. He worked for two hours a day with each model sent by the rabbi. <SEP> Mary presented quite a different problem. Though this sculpture must take place thirty-three years after her moment of decision he could not conceive of her as a woman in her mid-fifties old wrinkled broken in body and face by labor or worry. <SEP> His image of the Virgin had always been that of a young woman even as had his memory of his mother. Jacopo Galli introduced him into several Roman homes. <SEP> Here he sketched sitting in their flowing gowns of linen and silk young girls not yet twenty some about to be married some married a year or two. Since the Santo Spirito hospital had taken only men he had had no experience in the study of female anatomy but he had sketched the women of Tuscany in their fields and homes. <SEP> He was able to discern the body lines of the Roman women under their robes. He spent concentrated weeks putting his two figures together : a Mary who would be young and sensitive yet strong enough to hold her son on her lap and a Jesus who though lean was strong even in death a look he remembered well from his experience in the dead room of Santo Spirito. <SEP> He drew toward the composite design from his meticulously accurate memory without need to consult his sketches. Soon he was ready to go into a three-dimensional figure in clay. <SEP> Here he would have free expression because the material could be moved to distort forms. When he wanted to emphasize or get greater intensity he added or subtracted clay. <SEP> Next he turned to wax because there was a similarity of wax to marble in tactile quality and translucence. He respected each of these approach techniques and kept them in character : his quill drawings had a scratchiness suggesting skin texture the clay he used plastically to suggest soft moving flesh as in an abdomen in a reclining torso the wax he smoothed over to give the body surface an elastic pull. <SEP> He never allowed these models to become fixed in his mind they remained rough starting points. When carving he was charged with spontaneous energy too careful or detailed studies in clay and wax would have glued him down to a mere enlarging of his model. <SEP> The true surge had to be inside the marble itself. Drawing and models were his thinking. <SEP> Carving was action. The arrangement with Argiento was working well except that sometimes Michelangelo could not figure who was master and who apprentice. <SEP> Argiento had been trained so rigorously by the Jesuits that Michelangelo was unable to change his habits : up before dawn to scrub the floors whether they were dirty or not water boiling on the fire for washing laundry every day the pots scoured with river sand after each meal. Argiento this is senseless he complained not liking to work on the wet floors particularly in cold weather. <SEP> Youre too clean. Scrub the studio once a week. <SEP> Thats enough. No said Argiento stolidly. Every day. Before dawn. <SEP> I was taught. And God help anyone who tries to unteach you Grumbled Michelangelo yet he knew that he had nothing to grumble about for Argiento made few demands on him. <SEP> The boy was becoming acquainted with the contadini families that brought produce into Rome. On Sundays he would walk miles into the campagna to visit with them and in particular to see their horses. <SEP> The one thing he missed from his farm in the Po Valley was the animals frequently he would take his leave of Michelangelo by announcing : Today I go see the horses. It took a piece of bad luck to show Michelangelo that the boy was devoted to him. <SEP> He was crouched over his anvil in the courtyard getting his chisels into trim when a splinter of steel flew into his eye and imbedded itself in his pupil. He stumbled into the house eyes burning like fire. <SEP> Argiento made him lie down on the bed brought a pan of hot water dipped some clean white linen cloth and applied it to extract the splinter. Though the pain was considerable Michelangelo was not too concerned. <SEP> He assumed he could blink the splinter out. It would not come. <SEP> Argiento never left his side keeping the water boiled applying hot compresses throughout the night. By the second day Michelangelo began to worry and by the second night he was in a state of panic : he could see nothing out of the afflicted eye. <SEP> At dawn Argiento went to Jacopo Galli. Galli arrived with his family surgeon Maestro Lippi. <SEP> The surgeon carried a cage of live pigeons. He told Argiento to take a bird out of the cage cut a large vein under its wing let the blood gush into Michelangelos injured eye. <SEP> The surgeon came back at dusk cut the vein of a second pigeon again washed out the eye.
cf11.txt:Richard Stewart had been irritable and quarrelsome for almost a year. <SEP> His grades had gone steadily downhill and he had stopped bringing friends and classmates home from school. Mr. And Mrs. Stewart were puzzled and concerned. <SEP> Then one day Dicks classmate Jimmy from next door let the cat out of the bag. The youngsters in the boys class had nicknamed Dick Bugs Bunny because his teeth protruded. <SEP> When Richards parents told him they wanted to take him to an orthodontist -- a dentist who specializes in realigning teeth and jaws -- their young son was interested. During the year that followed Dick co-operated whole-heartedly with the dentist and was delighted with the final result achieved -- an upper row of strong straight teeth that completely changed his facial appearance. <SEP> Richard Stewart is no special case. The majority of children in the United States could benefit by some form of orthodontic treatment says Dr. Allan G. Brodie professor and head of the department of orthodontics at the University of Illinois and a nationally recognized authority in his field. <SEP> What do parents need to know about those years of the braces in order not to waste a childs time and their money How can they tell whether a child needs orthodontic treatment <SEP> Why and when should tooth-straightening be undertaken What is it likely to cost <SEP> Tooth fit explained occlusion is the dentists expression for the way teeth fit together when the jaws are closed. Malocclusion or a bad fit is what parents need to look out for. <SEP> One main type of malocclusion is characterized by a receding chin and protruding upper front teeth. A chin too prominent in relation to the rest of the face a thrusting forward of the lower front teeth an overdeveloped lower jawbone and an underdeveloped upper jaw indicate the opposite type of malocclusion. <SEP> These two basic malformations have of course many variations. A child probably requires some form of treatment if he has any of the following conditions : A noticeable protrusion of the upper or lower jaw. Crooked overlapping twisted or widely spaced teeth. Front teeth not meeting when the back teeth close. Upper teeth completely covering the lowers when the back teeth close. The eyeteeth -LRB- third from the middle on top counting each front tooth as the first -RRB- beginning to protrude like fangs. Second teeth that have come in before the first ones have fallen out making a double row. <SEP> Contrary to the thinking of to years ago when all malocclusion was blamed on some unfortunate habit recent studies show that most tooth irregularity has at least its beginning in hereditary predisposition. However this does not mean that a childs teeth or jaws must necessarily resemble those of someone in his family. <SEP> Tooth deformity may be the result of excessive thumb - or finger-sucking tongue-thrusting or lip-sucking -- but its important to remember that theres a difference between normal and excessive sucking habits. Its perfectly normal for babies to suck their thumbs and no mother need worry if a child continues this habit until he is two or three years old. <SEP> Occasional sucking up to the fifth year may not affect a youngsters teeth but after that if thumb-sucking pressure is frequent it will have an effect. Malocclusion can also result if baby teeth are lost too soon or retained too long. <SEP> If a child loses a molar at the age of two the adjoining teeth may shift toward the empty space thus narrowing the place intended for the permanent ones and producing a jumble. If baby teeth are retained too long the incoming second teeth may be prevented from emerging at the normal time or may have to erupt in the wrong place. <SEP> Correction can save teeth every orthodontist sees children who are embarrassed by their malformed teeth. <SEP> Some such youngsters rarely smile or they try to speak with the mouth closed. In certain cases as in Dick Stewarts a childs personality is affected. <SEP> Yet from the dentists point of view bad-fitting teeth should be corrected for physical reasons. Bad alignment may result in early loss of teeth through a breakdown of the bony structure that supports their roots. <SEP> This serious condition popularly known as pyorrhea is one of the chief causes of tooth loss in adults. Then too misplaced or jammed-together teeth are prone to trapping food particles increasing the likelihood of rapid decay. <SEP> For these and other reasons says Dr. Brodie orthodontics can prolong the life of teeth. The failure of teeth to fit together when closed interferes with normal chewing so that a child may swallow food whole and put a burden on his digestive system. <SEP> Because of these chewing troubles a child may avoid certain foods he needs for adequate nutrition. Badly placed teeth can also cause such a speech handicap as lisping. The when and how of straightening <SEP> most orthodontic work is done on children between the ages of and though there have been patients as young as two and as old as says Dr. Brodie. In the period from to the permanent set of teeth is usually completed yet the continuing growth of bony tissue makes moving badly placed teeth comparatively easy. <SEP> Orthodontic work is possible because teeth are held firmly but not rigidly by a system of peridontal membrane with an involved nerve network to the bone in the jaw they are not anchored directly to the bone. Abnormal pressure applied over a period of time produces a change in the bony deposit so a tooth functions normally in the new position into which it has been guided. <SEP> What can -year-old Susan expect when she enters the orthodontists office On her first visit the orthodontist will take x-rays photographs tooth measurements and tooth prints -- an impression of the mouth that permits him to study her teeth and jaws. <SEP> If he decides to proceed he will custom-make for Susie an appliance consisting of bands plastic plates fine wires and tiny springs. This appliance will exert a gentle and continuous or intermittent pressure on the bone. <SEP> As the tooth moves bone cells on the pressure side of it will dissolve and new ones will form on the side from which the tooth has moved. This must be done at the rate at which new bony tissue grows and no faster. <SEP> If teeth are moved too rapidly serious injury can be done to their roots as well as to the surrounding bone holding them in place explains Dr. Brodie. Moving one or two teeth can affect the whole system and an ill-conceived plan of treatment can disrupt the growth pattern of a childs face. <SEP> During the first few days of wearing the appliance and immediately following each adjustment Susan may have a slight discomfort or soreness but after a short time this will disappear. Parents are often concerned that orthodontic appliances may cause teeth to decay. <SEP> When in place a well-cemented band actually protects the part of the tooth that is covered. Next Susie will enter the treatment stage and visit the orthodontist once or twice a month depending on the severity of her condition. <SEP> During these visits the dentist will adjust the braces to increase the pressure on her teeth. Last comes the retention stage. <SEP> Susies teeth have now been guided into a desirable new position. Because teeth sometimes may drift back to their original position a retaining appliance is used to lock them in place. <SEP> Usually this is a thin band of wire attached to the molars and stretching across the teeth. Susie may wear this only at night or for a few hours during the day. <SEP> Then comes the time when the last wire is removed and Susie walks out a healthier and more attractive girl than when she first went to the orthodontist. How long will this take <SEP> Straightening one tooth that has come in wrong may take only a few months. Aligning all the teeth may take a year or more. <SEP> An added complication such as a malformed jaw may take two or three years to correct. What is the cost <SEP> The charge for a complete full-banded job differs in various parts of the country. Work that might cost $ to $ U in the South could cost $ to $ U in New York City or Chicago. <SEP> An average national figure for two to three years of treatment would be $ to $ U. Factors in the cost of treatment are the length of time involved and the skill and education of the practitioner says Dr. Brodie. <SEP> To become an orthodontist a man must first be licensed by his state as a dentist then he must spend at least two years in additional training to acquire a license as a specialist. Costs may seem high but they used to be even higher says Dr. Brodie. <SEP> Fees are about half to a third of what they were years ago. The reason People today are aware of the value of orthodontics and as a result there are more practitioners in the field. <SEP> Most orthodontists require an initial payment to cover the cost of diagnostic materials and construction of the appliances but usually the remainder of the cost may be spread over a period of months or years. In many cities in the United States clinics associated with dental schools will take patients at a nominal fee. <SEP> Some municipal agencies will pay for orthodontic treatment for children of needy parents. Research helps families <SEP> growth studies have been carried on consistently by orthodontists. Dr. Brodie has -year records of head growth started minutes after childrens births. <SEP> In the past anyone who said that % of all malocclusion is hereditary was scoffed at now we know that family characteristics do affect tooth formation to a large extent he says. Fortunately through our growth studies we have been able to see what nature does and that helps us know what we can do. <SEP> This knowledge both modifies and dictates diagnosis and treatment. For example a boy may inherit a small jaw from one ancestor and large teeth from another. <SEP> In the past an orthodontist might have tried over four or five years to straighten and fit the boys large teeth into a jaw that despite some growth would never accommodate them. Now a dentist can recommend extraction immediately. <SEP> In other cases in view of present-day knowledge of head growth orthodontists will recommend waiting four or five years before treatment. The child is kept on call and the orthodontist watches the growth. <SEP> Nature often takes care of the problem says Dr. Brodie. A child with a certain type of head and teeth will outgrow tooth deformity. <SEP> That is why Dr. Brodie asks parents not to insist against their dentists advice that their child have orthodontic work done too early. Both because of our cultures stress on beauty and our improved economic conditions some parents demand that the dentist try to correct a problem before it is wise to do so. <SEP> Let the orthodontist decide the proper time to start treatment he urges. Superior new material for orthodontic work is another result of research. <SEP> Plastics are easier to handle than the vulcanized rubber formerly used and they save time and money. Plaster of Paris once utilized in making impressions of teeth has been replaced by alginates -LRB- gelatin-like material -RRB- that work quickly and accurately and with least discomfort to a child. <SEP> Prevention is best as a rule the earlier general dental treatment is started the less expensive and more satisfactory it is likely to be. After your childs baby teeth are all in -- usually at the age of two and one half to three -- its time for that first dental appointment Dr. Brodie advises. <SEP> Then see that your youngster has a routine checkup once a year. To help prevent orthodontic problems from arising your dentist can do these things : He can correct decay thus preventing early loss of teeth. <SEP> If a child does lose his first teeth prematurely because of decay -- and if no preventive steps are taken -- the other teeth may shift out of position become overcrowded and malformed. In turn the other teeth are likely to decay because food particles may become impacted in them.
cl10.txt:Didnt think there was any reason to. <SEP> Maybe there isnt. Speak to him again anyway. <SEP> Try talking to some of the fellows he works with friends anyone. Try to find out how happy he is with his wife whether he plays around with women. <SEP> You might try looking into his wife too. She might have been talking to some of her friends about her husband if theyve been having any trouble. <SEP> You think Blacks the one were looking for Yeah. I think he might be Conrad said grimly. <SEP> Then again he might not. What a stinking world Rourke said. <SEP> Black is Gilborns best friend. I know. <SEP> You be coming back soon I think so. <SEP> Im on my way to see the Jacobs woman. Gilborns secretary What for You dont think Gilborn is the -- <SEP> I dont think anything. I just dont want to go off half-cocked before picking up Black thats all. <SEP> Conrad interrupted. Gilborn says he was in his office all day with her yesterday. <SEP> Id like to make sure. Also its just possible she might know something about Mrs. Gilborn. Right. <SEP> Ill see you later. You ever going to go home <SEP> It sure as hell doesnt look like it does it Im telling you if these corpses ever knew the trouble they put us to theyd think twice before letting themselves get knocked off. <SEP> Remember to tell that to the next corpse you meet. Conrad hung up and sat on the small telephone-booth bench massaging his right leg. <SEP> He looked at his watch. It was ten minutes before eleven. <SEP> He wondered how long it would be before they had a signed confession from Lionel Black. Thirty years experience let him know even at this early stage that Black was his man. <SEP> He still wanted to know why. It was a cold windy day the day after Kittis death but Stanley Gilborn paid no attention to the blustery October wind. <SEP> After leaving Conrad Gilborn had no destination. He simply walked not noticing where he was not caring. <SEP> He stopped automatically at the street corners waiting for the traffic lights to change unheeding of other people his coat open and flapping. As he walked he tried to think. Of Kitti. Of himself. Mainly of what Conrad had tried to make him believe. <SEP> There was nothing coherent about his thinking. It was a succession of picture-images passing through his mind : the same ones different ones in no apparent sequence in no logical succession. <SEP> The enormity of what Conrad had told him made it impossible for Gilborn to accept with any degree of realism the actuality of it. Conrads words had intellectual meaning for him only. <SEP> Emotionally they penetrated him not at all. Whoever he was and your wife were intimate. <SEP> Gilborn remembered Conrads exact words. They made sense and yet they didnt. <SEP> He knew Conrad had told him the truth. It was so. <SEP> Yet it wasnt so. It wasnt so because it couldnt be so. <SEP> When Kitti was alive -- and he remembered the pressure of her hand resting lightly on his arm -- she had been the center of his life. She was the sun he the closest planet orbiting around her the rest of the world existing and visible yet removed. <SEP> For fifty-five years he had lived progressing towards a no-goal eating working breathing without plan without reason. Kitti had come along to justify everything. <SEP> She was his goal she was his reason. He had lived all his life waiting for her. <SEP> Not once in the time that he had known her had he ever considered the possibility not once not for one one-thousandth of a second of her infidelity. He could not consider it now. Not really. <SEP> And so he walked aimless again. The walk ended inevitably right in front of his hotel building. <SEP> The doorman began to nod his head automatically then remembered who Gilborn was what had happened to him the night before. He looked at Gilborn with undisguised curiosity. <SEP> Gilborn passed by him without seeing him. He crossed the lobby and rode up in the elevator lost in his own thoughts. <SEP> In the apartment itself all was still. The police were no longer there. <SEP> There was no evidence that anything was different than it had been. Except that Kitti wasnt there. Without taking off his coat he sat in the blue chair which still faced the closed bedroom door. <SEP> At last sitting there in the familiar surroundings the truth began to sink in. Who He felt no anger towards Kitti no sense that she had betrayed him. Who <SEP> She was all he had everything he had everything he wanted. Someone had taken her away from him. Who <SEP> Where there is a left-hand entry in the ledger there is a right-hand one he remembered from his school days. Where there is a victim there is a killer. Who <SEP> Whoever he was and your wife were intimate. He rose from the chair took off his coat. <SEP> Quickly he went into the bedroom. The bed still showed signs of where Kitti had lain. <SEP> Gilborn stood there for a long time. He looked at the bed unblinkingly. <SEP> The bed was empty now. Kitti would lie in it no more. <SEP> He would lie in it no more. Gilborn wondered whether Kitti had lain in that same bed with Who <SEP> For thirty minutes Stanley Gilborn stood there. At the end of the half-hour racking his brains thinking over and over again of Kitti her friends her past he left the bedroom. Who <SEP> He could think of no answer. Gilborn put on his coat again. <SEP> Before leaving he took one last lingering look at the apartment. He knew he would never see it again. <SEP> In the street walking as quickly as he could Stanley Gilborn was a lone figure. On Blanche Jacobs Kitti Gilborns death had a quite different effect. <SEP> For Blanche Kittis death was a source of guilty but nonetheless soaring happy hope. In Blanches defense it must be said she was unaware of the newborn hope. <SEP> If anyone had asked her she would have described herself only as nervous and worried. The figures on the worksheet paper in front of her were jumping and waving around so badly it was all she could do to make them out clearly enough to copy them with the typewriter. <SEP> She wondered whether Stanley would call. She wanted to be with him to give him the comfort and companionship she knew he needed. <SEP> She had skipped her lunch hour in the fear that he might call while she was out. He hadnt. <SEP> Now she was feeling sick both from concern about Stanley and hunger. Why hadnt he called <SEP> Men she reflected even men like Stanley are unpredictable. She tried to think of his unpredictable actions in the eleven years she had known him and discovered they werent so many after all. <SEP> Stanley really was quite predictable. That was one of the things she liked about Stanley. <SEP> He wasnt like so many other men. The dentist last night for instance. Dinner and the movies had been fine. <SEP> He had taken her upstairs to say good night. She had invited him in for coffee. <SEP> It was in the kitchen as she was watching the kettle waiting for the water to boil that he had grabbed for her. Without warning without giving her a chance to prepare for it. From behind he had put his arms on her shoulders turned her around and pressed her to him so close she couldnt breathe. <SEP> Later she apologized for the long scratch across his face tried to explain she couldnt help herself that the panic arose in her unwanted. He hadnt understood. <SEP> When he left she knew she would never see him again. Stanley wasnt like that. <SEP> She could always predict what Stanley was going to do ever since she first met him. Except for that one morning. The morning he walked in to announce to her blushing that he was married. She thought she was going to die. <SEP> She had assumed before then that one day he would ask her to marry him. Blanche couldnt remember when she had first arrived at this conclusion. <SEP> She thought it was sometime during the second week she worked for Stanley. It was nothing that he said or did but it seemed so natural to her that she should be working for him looking forward to his eventual proposal. <SEP> She was thirty-one years old then. Her mother was already considerably concerned over her daughters future. <SEP> Blanche had been able to maintain a serene and assured composure in the face of her widowed mothers continued carping had been able to resist her urgings to date anyone who offered the slightest possibility of matrimony. For Blanche it was only a matter of time before Stanley would propose. <SEP> It was to be expected that Stanley would be shy slow in taking such a momentous step. Stanley went along in life she knew convinced that he deserved the love and faith of no woman. <SEP> As a result he never looked for it. One day she expected he would somehow discover without her having to tell him that there was such a woman in the world a woman who was willing to give him love faith and anything else a woman could give a husband. <SEP> Indeed there was a woman who unasked had already given him love. Unquestionably Blanche loved Stanley. <SEP> Then unexpectedly Stanley made his announcement. On that first day Blanche literally thought she was going to die or at the very least go out of her mind. <SEP> It might have been easier for her if Kitti Walker hadnt been everything that Blanche was not. Kitti was thirty years younger than Stanley taller than Stanley prettier than Stanley had any right to hope for much less expect. <SEP> Kitti could have married a score of men. There was no reason for her to marry someone like Stanley Gilborn there was no need for her to marry Stanley. <SEP> Kitti had come into the office on somebodys recommendation because she needed help in preparing her income tax return. Stanley had filled out the return and because when he was finished it was close to the lunch hour he had politely asked Kitti to join him never expecting her to accept. <SEP> Blanche knew all this because the door to Stanleys office was open and without straining too hard she could hear everything that was said. Stanley had gone out saying he would be back in an hour. <SEP> He hadnt come back for over two. After that day Blanche still didnt know exactly what had happened. <SEP> There were mornings when Stanley came in late afternoons when he left early days when he didnt come in at all. Blanche knew something must be causing Stanleys new strange behavior but she never once connected it with Kitti Walker. <SEP> It was too unprecedented. Then six weeks after the day Kitti first came into the office Stanley announced he and Kitti were married. <SEP> Somehow Blanche managed to cover the stunned surprise and offer her congratulations. That night the two of them left for a weeks honeymoon in Acapulco. <SEP> While they were away Blanche came into the office every morning running things as she had always run them for Stanley going through the week in a dazed stupor getting things done automatically out of habit. For exactly one week she was able to continue in this manner. <SEP> On the morning of Stanleys return however her strength left her. Two hours of watching his serenely happy face listening to his soft humming as he bent over his penciled figures and Blanche had to leave. She stayed away for ten days. <SEP> Those ten days were like no others that Blanche had known. Mostly she stayed in bed. <SEP> She didnt tell anyone even her mother what was wrong. She refused to have a doctor insisting there was nothing a doctor could do for her.
cf02.txt:Was just another freighter from the States and she seemed as commonplace as her name. <SEP> She was the John Harvey one of those Atlantic sea-horses that had sailed to Bari to bring beans bombs and bullets to the U.S. Fifteenth Air Force to Field Marshal Montgomerys Eighth Army then racing up the calf of the boot of Italy in that early December of. The John Harvey arrived in Bari a port on the Adriatic on November th making for Porto Nuovo which as the name indicates was the ancient citys new and modern harbor. <SEP> Hardly anyone ashore marked her as she anchored stern-to off Berth on the mole. If anyone thought of the John Harvey it was to observe that she was straddled by a pair of ships heavily laden with high explosive and if they were hit the John Harvey would likely be blown up with her own ammo and whatever else it was that she carried. <SEP> Which was poison gas. It had required the approval of President Franklin Delano Roosevelt before the John Harvey could be loaded with tons of mustard gas and despatched to the Italian warfront. <SEP> In a world as yet unacquainted with the horrors of the mushroom cloud poison gas was still regarded as the ultimate in hideous weapons. Throughout the early years of World War reports persisted that the Axis powers had used gas -- Germany in Russia Japan in China again. <SEP> They were always denied. Influential people in America were warning the Pentagon to be prepared against desperation gas attacks by the Germans in future campaigns. <SEP> Some extremists went so far as to urge our using it first. To silence extremists to warn the Axis President Roosevelt issued this statement for the Allies in August : From time to time since the present war began there have been reports that one or more of the Axis powers were seriously contemplating use of poisonous gas or noxious gases or other inhumane devices of warfare. <SEP> I have been loath to believe that any nation even our present enemies could or would be willing to loose upon mankind such terrible and inhumane weapons. However evidence that the Axis powers are making significant preparations indicative of such an intention is being reported with increasing frequency from a variety of sources. <SEP> Use of such weapons has been outlawed by the general opinion of civilized mankind. This country has not used them and I hope that we never will be compelled to use them. <SEP> I state categorically that we shall under no circumstances resort to the use of such weapons unless they are first used by our enemies. The following month the invasion of Italy was begun and Roosevelt gave effect to his warning by consenting to the stockpiling of poison gas in southern Italy. <SEP> Bari was chosen as a depot not only for its seeming safety but because of its proximity to airfields. Any retaliatory gas attack would be airborne. <SEP> It would be made in three waves -- the first to lay down a smokescreen the second to drop the gas bombs the third to shower incendiaries which would burn everything below. The vile cargo went into the hole of the John Harvey. <SEP> A detachment of six men from the st Chemical Maintenance Company under First Lt. Howard D. Beckstrom went aboard followed by Lt. Thomas H. Richardson the Cargo Security Officer. Secrecy was paramount. <SEP> Only a few other people -- very important people -- knew of the nitrogen-mustard eggs nestled below decks. No one else must know. <SEP> Thus in the immemorial way -- in the way of the right hand that knows and the left that does not -- was the stage set for tragedy at Bari. It was the night of December and it was growing dark in Bari. <SEP> It was getting on toward oclock and the German Me- plane had been and gone on its eighth straight visit. Capt. A.B. Jenks of the Office of Harbor Defense was very worried. <SEP> He knew that German long-range bombers had been returning to the attack in Italy. On November th they had made a raid on La Maddalena. <SEP> Two days later some of them had struck at a convoy off Bougie sinking a troopship -- and it had been that very night that the Me- had made its first appearance. After it had reappeared the next two nights Jenks went to higher headquarters and said : For three days now a German reconnaissance plane has been over the city taking pictures. <SEP> Theyre just waiting for the proper time to come over here and dump this place into the Adriatic. The older and wiser heads had dismissed his warning as alarmist. <SEP> Even though it was known that the Luftwaffe in the north was now being directed by the young and energetic General Peltz the commander who would conduct the Little Blitz on London in a major raid on Bari at this juncture of the war was not to be considered seriously. True there had been raids on Naples -- but Naples was pretty far north on the opposite coast. <SEP> No Bari was out of range. More than that Allied air had complete superiority in the Eighth Armys sector. <SEP> Captain Jenks returned to his harbor post to watch the scouting plane put in five more appearances and to feel the certainty of this dread rising within him. Jenks knew that Baris defenses were made of paper. <SEP> The Royal Air Force had but a single light anti-aircraft squadron and two balloon units available. There were no R.A.F. Fighter squadrons on Bari airfield. <SEP> The radar station with the best location was still not serviceable. Telephone communication was bad. <SEP> Everywhere in evidence among the few remaining defensive units was that old handmaiden of disaster -- multiple command. It had been made shockingly evident that very morning to Ensign Kay K. Vesole in charge of the armed guard aboard the John Bascom. <SEP> A British officer had come aboard and told him that in case of enemy air attack he was not to open fire until bombs were actually dropped. Then he was to co-ordinate his fire with a radar-controlled shore gun firing white tracers. <SEP> This harbor is a bombers paradise the Britisher had said with frank grimness. Its up to you to protect yourselves. <SEP> We cant expect any help from the fighters at Foggia either. Theyre all being used on offensive missions. <SEP> Vesole had been stunned. Not fire until the bombs came down <SEP> He thought of the tons and tons of flammable fluid beneath his feet and shook his head. Like hell Like hell hed wait -- and supposing the radar-controlled gun got knocked out What would his guns guide on then -- the North Star <SEP> Ensign Vesole decided that he would not tarry until he heard the whispering of the bombs and when night began to fall he put Seaman Donald L. Norton and Seaman William A. Rochford on the guns and told them to start shooting the moment they saw an enemy silhouette. Below decks Seaman Stanley Bishop had begun to write a letter home. <SEP> Above decks on the John Harvey Lieutenant Richardson gazed at the lights still burning on the port wall and felt uneasy. There were lights glinting in the city too even though it was now dark enough for a few stars to become visible. <SEP> Bari was asking for it he thought. For five days now they had been in port and that filthy stuff was still in the hold. <SEP> Richardson wondered when it would be unloaded. He hoped they would put in somewhere way way down in the earth. <SEP> The burden of his secret was pressing down on him as it was on Lieutenant Beckstrom and his six enlisted men. Lieutenant Richardson could envy the officers and men of the John Harvey in their innocent assumption that the ship contained nothing more dangerous than high explosive bombs. <SEP> They seemed happy at the delay in unloading glad at the chance to go ashore in a lively liberty port such as Bari. Nine of them had gone down the gangplank already. <SEP> Deck Cadet James L. Cahill and Seaman Walter Brooks had been the first to leave. Richardson had returned their departing grins with the noncommittal nod that is the security officers stock in trade. <SEP> The other half of the crew plus Beckstrom and his men had remained aboard. Richardson glanced to sea and started slightly. Damned if that wasnt a sailing ship standing out of the old harbor -- Porto Vecchio. <SEP> The night was so clear that Richardson had no difficulty making out the silhouette. Then the thought of a cloudless sky made him shiver and he glanced upward. <SEP> His eyes boggled. It was a clear night and it was raining <SEP> Capt. Michael A. Musmanno Military governor of the Sorrentine Peninsula had also seen and felt the rain. He had mistaken it for bugs. <SEP> Captain Musmannos renovated schooner with the flamboyant name Unsinkable had just left Porto Vecchio with a cargo of badly-needed olive oil for the Sorrentines civilian population. Musmanno was on deck. <SEP> At exactly : he felt a fluttering object brush his face. He snatched at it savagely. <SEP> He turned the beam of his flashlight on it. He laughed. <SEP> It was the silver foil from the chocolate bar he had been eating. He frowned. <SEP> How could -- Another longer strip of tinsel whipped his mouth. <SEP> It was two feet long. It was not candy wrapping. <SEP> It was window -- the tinsel paper dropped by bombers to jam radar sets to fill the scope with hundreds of blips that would seem to be approaching bombers. Fermate Musmanno bellowed to his Italian crewmen. <SEP> Stop Stop the engines <SEP> Unsinkable slowed and stopped hundreds of brilliant white flares swayed eerily down from the black the air raid sirens ashore rose in a keening shriek the anti-aircraft guns coughed and chattered -- and above it all motors roared and the bombs came whispering and wailing and crashing down among the ships at anchor at Bari. They had come from airports in the Balkans these hundred-odd Junkerss. <SEP> They had winged over the Adriatic they had taken Bari by complete surprise and now they were battering her attacking with deadly skill. They had ruined the radar warning system with their window they had made themselves invisible above their flares. <SEP> They also had the lights of the city the port wall lanterns and a shore cranes spotlight to guide on. After the first two were blacked out the third light was abandoned by a terrified Italian crew who left their light to shine for nine minutes like an unerring homing beacon until British MPs shot it out. <SEP> In that interval the German bombers made a hell of Bari harbor. Merchant ships illuminated in the light of the flares made to seem like stones imbedded in a lake of polished mud were impossible to miss. <SEP> The little Unsinkable sank almost immediately. Captain Musmanno roared at his men to lash three of the casks of olive oil together for a raft. <SEP> They got it over the side and clambered aboard only a few minutes before their schooner went under. John Bascom went down early too. <SEP> Ensign Vesole and his gunners had fought valiantly but they had no targets. Most of the Junkers were above the blinding light of the flares and the radar-controlled shore gun had been knocked out by one of the first sticks of bombs. <SEP> Vesole rushed from gun to gun attempting to direct fire. He was wounded but fought on. <SEP> Norton and Rochford fired wildly at the sounds of the motors. Bishop rushed on deck to grab a -mm gun pumping out rounds before sticks of three bombs each crashed into Holds One Three and Five. <SEP> Now the Bascom was mortally wounded. Luckily she was not completely aflame and would go down before the gasoline could erupt. <SEP> The order to abandon ship was given but cries of pain could be heard from the wounded below decks.
cn15.txt:In November the clouds lifted enough to carry out the assigned missions. <SEP> Sweeney Squadron put its first marks on the combat record. Every plane that could fly was sent into the air. <SEP> Cricket took eight ships and went south across the Straits and along the north coast of Mindanao to Cagayan. Anything the enemy flew or floated was his target. <SEP> Fleischman with eight was to patrol the Leyte Gulf area with his main task to get any kamikaze before they got to the ships. Greg himself took two flights with Todman leading the second to patrol and look for targets of opportunities around Ormoc on the east coast of Leyte. <SEP> Each plane carried two five-hundred pound bombs. A weapons carrier took Greg Todman Belton Banjo Ferguson and Walters and the others the two miles from the bivouac area to the strip. <SEP> It was a rough long ride through the mud and pot holes. No one had much to say. <SEP> The sky glowered down at them. There was a feeling that this mission would be canceled like all the others and that this muddy wet dark world of combat would go on forever. <SEP> The truck dropped them off at the various revetments spread through the jungle. Donovan snatched Gregs chute from him with a belligerent motion and almost ran to the plane with it. <SEP> His face was dark as the sky above it as he stood on the wing and waited for his pilot. Greg climbed into the cockpit feeling as if he had never been in one before. <SEP> His hands and those of Donovan moved automatically adjusting and arranging in the check-out procedure. Ive got her as neat as I can Donovan said as he dropped the straps of the Seton harness over Gregs shoulders. But this goddamn climate. <SEP> Its for carabao not airplanes. Well make out. <SEP> Dont you worry chief Greg replied wondering if he himself believed it. Yeah. See you Donovan said as he jumped off the wing. <SEP> The expression was his trade-mark his open sesame to good luck and his prayer that pilot and plane would always return. At the prearranged time Greg started the engine and taxied out. <SEP> From the time the chocks were pulled until the plane was out of sight he knew Donovan would keep his back to the strip. He wondered where the superstition had originated that it was bad luck for a crew chief to watch his plane take off on a combat mission. <SEP> Yet long before the scheduled time for return Donovan would be watching for every speck in the sky. Greg rumbled down the rough metal taxi strip and one by one the seven members of his flight fell in behind him. <SEP> The dark brown bombs hanging under each wing looked large and powerful. The pilots heads looked ridiculously small. <SEP> The control tower gave him immediate take-off permission and the clean roar of the engine that took him off the rough strip spoke well of the skill of Donovan. Gregs mission was the last to leave and as he circled the ships off Tacloban he saw the clouds were dropping down again. <SEP> To the west the dark green hills of Leyte were lost in the clouds about halfway up their slopes. Underneath him the sea was a dark and muddied gray. <SEP> Water splashed against his windshield as he led the flight in and out of showers. The metal strip they had taken off from was coal black against the green jungle around it. <SEP> He possessed the fighter pilots horror of bad weather and instrument flying and he wondered if the ceiling did drop whether he and the other flights would be able to find their way back in this unfamiliar territory. He shivered in the warm cockpit. <SEP> The overcast was solid above him. As far as he could see there was no hole to climb through it. <SEP> They would have to go west through the narrow river valley that separated Leyte from Samar and hope that it didnt close in before they returned. Greg pushed the radio button on his throttle. <SEP> Todman lets try to go under this stuff. Stay in close and well go up the valley. <SEP> Roger Sweeney Todman called back and pulled his four in and slightly above Greg. Greg took the formation wide around three A- attack bombers that were headed north over the Gulf. <SEP> He dropped down to five hundred feet swinging a little north of the city of Tacloban and punched into the opening that showed against the mountain. The valley was only a few hundred yards wide with just about room enough for a properly performed hundred-and-eighty-degree turn. <SEP> It was only a fifteen-minute flight but before it was through Greg felt himself developing a case of claustrophobia. The ceiling stayed solid above them at about eight hundred feet and at times the sheer cliffs seemed about to close in. <SEP> If the other pilots were worried they did not show it. The formation remained perfect. <SEP> When the sea was visible ahead of them the relief was as great as if the sun had come out. He spread the flight out and led them across a point of land and then down the coast. <SEP> Although they drew light ground fire they saw no signs of activity. Once Todman thought he had spotted a tank and went down to investigate while Greg covered him. <SEP> Somebody beat us to it Todman said over the radio as he came back up in formation. Visibility continued to be limited and Greg was never able to get above a thousand feet. <SEP> It was frustrating. His earphones were constantly full of the sounds of enemy contacts made by other flights. <SEP> He thought once that he identified the somewhat hysterical voice of Fleischman claiming a kill. Gregs area remained as placid as a Florida dawn. <SEP> Finally as time began to run out he headed into Ormoc and glide-bombed a group of houses that Intelligence had thought might contain Japanese supplies. The low clouds made bombing difficult. <SEP> There was not enough room to make the usual vertical bomb run. The accuracy was deplorable. <SEP> One of Gregs bombs hung up and he was miles from the target before he could get rid of it. Only one of the flight scored a direct hit and the rest blew up jungle. <SEP> With their load of bombs gone the planes moved swiftly and easily. Greg went up tight against the ceiling and led them back to their pass to home. <SEP> Mercifully it was still open. Like a man making a deep dive Greg took full breath and plunged back into the valley. <SEP> He was about to make a gas check on his flight when Todmans voice broke in : Sweeneys Three bogies. Twelve oclock level. Gregs eyes flicked up from his instrument panel. <SEP> He saw them specks against the gray but closing fast. They were headed straight for each other on a collision course. Friend or enemy The same old question. And only a few seconds to answer it. <SEP> Zeros Todman said excitedly and hopefully. And then he thought Todman might be right. <SEP> His mind flicked through the mental pictures he had from the hours of Aircraft Identification. He narrowed the shape down to two : either a Zero or a U.S. Navy type aircraft. <SEP> If it were the enemy tactically his position was correct. Japanese aircraft were strong on maneuverability American on speed and firepower. <SEP> His present maximum altitude up against the overcast gave him the opportunity to exploit his advantages. It also made him conspicuous to the enemy if it was the enemy and he hadnt been spotted already. <SEP> The closing aircraft showed no sign of deviating from their original course. In seconds Greg made his decision. <SEP> He pushed the radio button. Sweeney Blue hit the deck. Lots of throttle. <SEP> Todman you take the one on the left. Ill take the middle. Belton the one on the right. <SEP> Theyre Japs. Lets make sure first. <SEP> Greg had the stick forward and the throttle up before he heard the two Rogers. The planes light with most of the gas burned out responded beautifully. <SEP> Gregs airspeed indicator was over when he leveled off just above the trees. The opposing aircraft continued to come on. <SEP> They appeared to be the enemy. Greg wished the Air Corps had continued to camouflage planes. <SEP> There was of course no way for the other planes to get by them. It was a box. <SEP> They could turn and escape to the east. Greg pushed the radio button again. <SEP> Todman drop your second element back. If any of us miss they can pick up the pieces. <SEP> Now lets make sure theyre Japs. Even as he said it Greg knew they had found the enemy. <SEP> The shapes were unmistakable and the Rising Suns were showing up slightly brighter pinpoints in the gray gloom. Greg slapped his hand across the switches that turned on the guns and gun camera and gun sight. <SEP> The circle with the dot in the center showed up yellow on the reflector glass in front of him. His hands shook. <SEP> Arm your guns Sweeneys. Theyre Japs. <SEP> Theyre Japs came a high-pitched voice. Greg to Sweeney Blue. One pass only. No turns. Youll bust your ass in this canyon. <SEP> Thats an order. He moved the flights over against one wall. <SEP> It gave them all a chance to make a high-speed climbing turn attack and a break-away that would not take them into the overcast or force a tight-turn recovery. If the turn was too tight a barrel roll would bring them out. A hell of an altitude for a barrel roll but it could be done. <SEP> Greg slammed his throttle to the fire wall and rammed up the RPM and the engine responded as if it had been waiting. The clearly identifiable enemy continued on as if no one else were around. <SEP> They havent seen us Greg yelled to himself over the engine noise. They havent seen us. <SEP> He hit the radio button. Now Sweeneys now. Lets takeem home. <SEP> He hauled back on the stick and felt his cheeks sag. Out of the corner of his eye he watched his wingman move out a bit and shoot up with him. <SEP> Perfect he thought. With the rapid rate of closure the approach from below the side and ahead there would be only a moment when damage could be done. Just like shooting at a duck while performing a half-gainer from a diving board. <SEP> He tightened his turn. His nose up. It was going to be dangerous. Eight aircraft in this small box. <SEP> Please dear God make my pilots good he prayed. He took a lead on the enemy using a distance of five of the radii in his circular sight and then added another. <SEP> The enemy did not veer. It did not seem possible that they hadnt been spotted. Blind fools. Now <SEP> Gregs fingers closed on the stick trigger. The plane rumbled and slowed. <SEP> Six red lines etched their way into the gray and vanished. As if drawn by a wire the enemy flew into them. <SEP> Greg tightened his turn until the plane shuddered. Luck was with him. <SEP> His burst held for a second on the engine section of the plane. The Japs propeller flew off in pieces. <SEP> A large piece of engine cowling vanished. It was all Greg had time to see. <SEP> His maneuvering for the shot had placed him near the overcast almost inverted and heading up into the clouds. His speed was dropping rapidly. <SEP> If he spun out now he would join his opponent on the ground. Wingman stay clear he prayed. <SEP> He pushed stick and rudder and entered the overcast on his back. He fought the panic of vertigo. <SEP> He had no idea which was up and which was down. He held the controls where they had been. <SEP> Sweat popped out over him and he felt the slick between his palm and the stick grip. His air speed dropped until he thought he would spin out.
cf05.txt:By swirling winds the little green biplane struggled northward between the mountains beyond Northfield Gulf. <SEP> Wires whined as a cold November blast rocked the silver wings but the engine roar was reassuring to the pilot bundled in the open cockpit. He peered ahead and grinned as the railroad tracks came into view again below. <SEP> Good old iron compass He thought. A plume of smoke rose from a Central Vermont locomotive which idled behind a string of gravel cars and little figures that were workmen labored to set the ruptured roadbed to rights. <SEP> The girders of a shattered Dog River bridge lay strewn for half a mile downstream. Vermonts main railroad line was prostrate. <SEP> In the dark days after the Great Flood of -- the worst natural disaster in the states history -- the little plane was its sole replacement in carrying the United States mails. Rain of near cloudburst proportions had fallen for three full days and it was still raining on the morning of Friday November when officials of the Post Office Departments Railway Mail Service realized that their distribution system for Vermont had been almost totally destroyed overnight. <SEP> Clerks and postmasters shoveled muck out of their offices -- those who still had offices -- and wondered how to move the mail. The states railroad system counted miles of broken bridges and missing rights-of-way : it would obviously remain out of commission for weeks. <SEP> Once medicine food clothing and shelter had been provided for the floods victims communications and the mail were the next top problems. From Burlington outgoing mail could be ferried across Lake Champlain to the railroad at Port Kent N. Y. <SEP> What came in was piling up. The nearest undisrupted end of track from Boston was at Concord N. H. <SEP> When Governor Al Smith offered New York National Guard planes to fly the mail in and out of the state it seemed a likely temporary solution easing Burlingtons bottleneck and that at Montpelier too. The question was Where to land <SEP> There was no such thing as an airport in Vermont. Burlington aviator John J. Burns suggested the parade ground southwest of Fort Ethan Allen and soon a dozen hastily-summoned National Guard pilots were bringing their wide-winged Jenny and DeHaviland two-seaters to rest on the frozen sod of the military base. <SEP> The only available field that could be used near flood-ravaged Montpelier was on the Towne farm off upper Main Street a narrow hillside where takeoffs and landings could be safely made only under light wind conditions. Over in Barre the streets had been deep in swirling water and bridges were crumpled and gone. <SEP> Anticipating delivery of medicines and yeast by plane Granite City citizens formed an airfield committee and with the aid of quarrymen and the nd Infantry Vermont National Guard laid out runways on Wilson flat high on Millstone Hill. The Barre Aviation Field was set to receive its first aircraft the Sunday following the flood. <SEP> Though the makeshift airports were ready the York State Guard flyers proved unable to keep any kind of mail schedule. They had courage but their meager training consisted of weekend hops in good weather in and out of established airports And the increasingly cold weather soon raised hob with the water cooled engines of their World War planes. <SEP> It seemed like a good time for officials to use a recently-passed law empowering the post office department to contract for the transport of first class mail by air. They had to act fast for letters were clogging the terminals. <SEP> Down in Concord New Hampshire was a flier in the right place at the right time : Robert S. Fogg a native New Englander had been a World War flying instructor barnstormer and one of the original planners of the Concord Airport. Tall wiry dark-haired Bob Fogg had already racked up one historical first in air mail history. <SEP> Piloting a Curtiss Navy MF flying boat off Lake Winnipesaukee in he had inaugurated the original Rural Delivery air service in America. During the excitement following Lindberghs flight to Paris earlier in dare devil aviators overnight became legendary heroes. <SEP> In Concord Bob Fogg was the most prominent New Hampshire boy with wings. Public-spirited backers staked him to a brand-new airplane aimed at putting their city and state on the flying map. <SEP> The ship was a Waco biplane one of the first two of its type to be fitted with the air cooled Wright radial engine known as the Whirlwind. A trim green and silver-painted craft only - feet long the Waco was entered to compete in the On-to-Spokane Air Derby of. <SEP> As a matter of fact Fogg and his plane didnt get beyond Pennsylvania in the race -- an engine oil leak forced him down -- but the flying service and school he started subsequently were first steps in paying off his wry-faced backers. With all this experience Bob Fogg was a natural choice to receive the first Emergency Air Mail Star Route contract. <SEP> His work began just six days after the flood. By airline from Concord to Burlington is a distance of about miles counting a slight deviation for the stop at either Barre or Montpelier. <SEP> The first few days Bob Fogg set his plane down on Towne field back of the State House when the wind was right and used Wilson flat above Barre when it wasnt. Between the unsafe Towne field and the long roundabout back road haul that was necessary to gain access to Wilson flat arrangements at the state capital were far from satisfactory. <SEP> Each time in the unhappy pilot pushing his luck begged the postal officials that met him to find a safer landing place preferably on the flat-topped hills across the Winooski River. Fogg they countered we cant get over there. <SEP> Besides you seem to make it all right here. It took a tragedy to bring things to a head. <SEP> After a week of precarious uphill landings and downwind takeoffs Fogg one day looked down at the shattered yellow wreckage of an Army plane strewn across snow-covered Towne field. Sent to Montpelier by Secretary Herbert Hoover Red Cross Aide Reuben Sleight had been killed and his pilot Lt. Franklin Wolfe badly injured. <SEP> With the field a blur of white the unfortunate pilot had simply flown into the hillside. Faced with this situation Postmaster Charles F. McKenna of Montpelier went with Fogg on a Burlington trip and together they scouted the terrain on the heights of Berlin. <SEP> A long flat known as the St. John field seemed to answer their purpose and since the Winooski bridges were at last passable they decided to use it. With a wary eye on the farmers bull Fred Somers of Montpelier and Mr. St. John marked the field with a red table cloth. <SEP> As a wind direction indicator they tied a cotton rag to a sapling. With these aids and a pair of skiis substituting for wheels on the Waco Bob Fogg made the first landing on what is now part of the Barre-Montpelier Airport on November. <SEP> Each trip saw the front cockpit filled higher with mail pouches. During the second week of operations Fogg received a telegram from the Post Office Department asking him to put on two airplanes and make two flights daily plus one Sunday trip. <SEP> Since Foggs was a one-man one-plane flying service this meant that he would have to do both trips flying alone miles a day under sub-freezing temperature conditions. Over the weeks Americas first Star Route Air Mail settled into a routine pattern despite the vagaries of weather and the lack of ground facilities and aids to navigation. <SEP> Each morning at five Fogg crawled out of bed to bundle into flying togs over the furnace register of his home. Always troubled by poor circulation in his feet he experimented with various combinations of socks and shoes before finally adopting old-style felt farmers boots with his sheepskin flying boots pulled over them. <SEP> A sheep-lined leather flying suit plus helmet goggles and mittens completed his attire for the rigors of the open cockpit. The airmans stock answer to Werent you cold Became Yes the first half hour is tough but by then Im so numb I dont notice it <SEP> As daylight began to show through the frosty windows Fogg would place a call to William A. Shaw at the U.S. Weather Station at Northfield Vermont for temperature and wind-velocity readings. Shaw could also give the flyer a pretty good idea of area visibility by a visual check of the mountains to be seen from his station. <SEP> Ceilings were judged by comparison with known mountain heights and cloud positions. Later on in the day Fogg could get a better weather picture from the Burlington Weather Bureau supervised by Frank E. Hartwell. <SEP> Out at the airport each morning Foggs skilled mechanic Caleb Marston would have the Waco warmed up and running in the drafty hangar. -LRB- Hed get the engine oil flowing with an electric heater under a big canvas cover. -RRB- Wishing to show that aviation was dependable and here to stay Bob Fogg always made a point of taking off each morning on the dot of seven disregarding rain snow and sleet in true postal tradition. <SEP> Concord learned to set its clocks by the rackety bark of the Whirlwinds exhaust overhead. Sometimes the pilot had to turn back if fully blocked by fog but % of his trips were completed. <SEP> Plane radios were not yet available and once in the air Fogg flew his ship by compass a good memory for landmarks as seen from above and a capacity for dead reckoning and quick computation. Often threading through the overcast he was forced to fly close to the ground by a low ceiling skimming above the Winooski or the White River along the line of the broken railroad. <SEP> When driving rain or mist socked in one valley Fogg would chandelle up and over to reverse course and try another one ranging from the Ottauquechee up to Danville in search of safe passage through the mountain passes. The dependable Wright engine was never stopped on these trips. <SEP> It ticked over smoothly idling while Fogg exchanged mails with the armed messenger from Burlington at Fort Ethan Allen and one from Montpelier and Barre at the St. John field. Sometimes on a return trip the aviator would go upstairs high over the clouds. <SEP> There hed take a compass reading figure his air speed and deduce that in a certain number of minutes hed be over the broad meadows of the Merrimack Valley where it would be safe to let down through the overcast and see the ground before it hit him. Bob Fogg didnt have todays advantages of Instrument Flight and Ground Control Approach systems. <SEP> At the end of the calculated time hed nose the Waco down through the cloud bank and hope to break through where some feature of the winter landscape would be recognizable. Usually back in Concord by noon there was just time to get partially thawed out refuel and grab a bit of Mrs. Foggs hot broth before starting the second trip. <SEP> Day after day Fogg shuttled back and forth on his one-man air mail route until the farmers in their snowy barnyards and the road repairmen came to recognize the stubby plane as their link with the rest of the country. The flyer had his share of near-misses. <SEP> At Fort Ethan Allen the ever-present wind off Lake Champlain could readily flip a puny man-made thing like an airplane if the pilot miscalculated. Once the soldiers from the barracks had to hold the ship from blowing away while Fogg revved the engine and got the tail up. <SEP> At a nod of his head they let go turning to cup their ears against the icy slipstream. Tracks in the snow showed the plane was airborne in less than a hundred feet. <SEP> One afternoon during a cold powdery snowstorm Fogg took off for Concord from the St. John field.
ck10.txt:Summer the gambling houses were closed despite the threats of Pierre Ameaux a gaming-card manufacturer. <SEP> Dancing was no longer permitted in the streets. The Bordel and other places of prostitution were emptied. <SEP> The slit breeches had to go. Drunkenness was no longer tolerated. <SEP> In defiance a chinless reprobate Jake Camaret marched down the aisle in St. Peters one Sunday morning followed by one of the women from the Bordel whose dress and walk plainly showed the lack of any shame. Plunking themselves down on the front bench they turned to smirk at those around them. <SEP> Johns first impulse was to denounce their blasphemy. The thought occurred that God would want this opportunity used to tell them about Him. <SEP> Calmly he opened the Bible and read of the woman at the well. He finished the worship service as if there had been no brazen attempt to dishonor God and man. <SEP> The next morning as the clock struck nine he appeared at the Council meeting in the Town Hall and insisted that the couple would have to be punished if the Church was to be respected. I have told you before and I tell you again Monsieur Favre said rudely. <SEP> Stick to the preaching of the Gospel John stiffened in anger. <SEP> That is the answer the ungodly will always make when the Church points its fingers at their sins. I say to you that the Church will ever decry evil <SEP> Johns reply was like a declaration of war. Monsieur Favre sat down in his high-backed stall lips compressed eyes glinting. <SEP> Ablard Corne a short man with a rotunda of stomach rose. Every eye was on him as he began to speak. <SEP> What Master Calvin says is true. How can we have a good city unless we respect morality <SEP> Abel Poupin a tall man with sunken cheeks and deep-set eyes got to his feet. We all know that Jake Camaret and the woman are brazenly living together. <SEP> It would be well to show the populace how we deal with adulterers. Philibert Berthelier the son of the famous patriot disagreed. <SEP> Do not listen to that Frenchman. He is throttling the liberty my father gave his life to win <SEP> John was quietly insistent. There can be no compromise when souls are in jeopardy. <SEP> A week later the sentence of the Council was carried out : Jake Camaret and the woman were marched naked through the streets past a mocking populace. Before them stalked the beadle proclaiming as he went Thus the Council deals with those who break its laws -- adulterers thieves murderers and lewd persons. <SEP> Let evildoers contemplate their ways and let every man beware Johns thoughts raced painfully into the past as he read the letter he had just received from his sister Mary. <SEP> Charles had died two weeks before in early November without being reconciled to the Church. The canons in a body had tried to force him on his deathbed to let them give him the last rites of the Church but he had died still proclaiming salvation by faith. <SEP> Burial had taken place at night in the ground at the public crossroads under the gibbet so that his enemies could not find his body and have it dug up and burned. The Abbot of St. Eloi Claude De Mommor had been a good friend but not even he thought Charles deserved burial in hallowed ground. <SEP> John closed his eyes and saw once again the little niche in his mothers bedroom where she had knelt to tell the good Virgin of her needs. The blue-draped Virgin was still there but no one knelt before her now. Not even Varnessa she too prayed only to God. <SEP> For an instant John longed for the sound of the bells of Noyon-la-Sainte the touch of his mothers hand the lilt of Charless voice in the square raftered rooms his fathers bass tones rumbling to the canons and the sight of the beloved bishop. He had to follow the light. <SEP> Unless God expected a man to believe the Holy Scriptures why had He given them to him The white-clad trees stood like specters in the February night. <SEP> Snow buried the streets and covered the slanting rooftops as John trudged toward St. Peters. A carriage crunched by its dim lights filtering through the gloom. <SEP> The sharp wind slapped at him and his feet felt like ice as the snow penetrated the holes of his shoes his only ones now patched with folded parchment. The city had recently given him a small salary but it was not enough to supply even necessities. <SEP> As he neared the square a round figure muffled in a long black cape whisked by. John recognized Ablard Corne and called out a greeting. <SEP> How grateful he was to such men There were several on the Council who tried to live like Christians. <SEP> Despite their efforts the problems seemed to grow graver all the time. Quickening his steps John entered the vast church and climbed the tower steps to the bells. <SEP> Underneath the big one in the silent moonlight lay a dead pigeon and on the smaller bell the Clemence two gray and white birds slept huddled together in the cold winter air. John leaned upon the stone balustrade. <SEP> He brushed back his black hair shoving it under his pastors cap to keep it from blowing in his eyes. Below the moon-splashed world rolled away to insurmountable white peaks above him the deep blue sky glittered with stars. <SEP> He stood very still his arms at his sides staring up at the heavens then down at the blinking lights below. How long my Lord How long I have never asked for an easy task but I am weary of the strife. <SEP> Sleep was difficult these days. Indigestion plagued him. <SEP> Severe headaches were frequent. Loneliness tore through him like a physical pain whenever he thought of Peter Robert Nerien Nicholas Cop Martin Bucer and even the compromising Louis Du Tillet. <SEP> An occasional traveler from Italy brought news of Peter Robert who was now distributing his Bible among the Waldensian peasants. Letters came regularly from Nerien Nicholas and Martin. <SEP> He had Anthony and William to confide in and consult. William continued to find a bitter joy in smashing images and tearing down symbols sacred to the Old Church. <SEP> John found it difficult but he held him in check. Anthony was busy most of the time courting this girl and that. <SEP> His easy good looks made him a favorite with the ladies. Geneva instead of becoming the City of God as John had dreamed had in the two years since he had been there continued to be a godless place where all manner of vice flourished. <SEP> Refugees poured in signing the Confession and rules in order to remain and then disregarding them. Dice rolled prostitutes plied their trade thieves stole murderers stabbed and the ungodly blasphemed. <SEP> Catholics who were truly Christians longed for the simple penance of days gone by. Libertines recalled the heroism of the past and demanded : Are we going to allow the Protestant Pope Master Calvin to curtail our liberty <SEP> Why oh why doesnt he stick to preaching the Gospel instead of meddling in civic affairs politics economics and social issues that are no concern of the Church Johns reply was always the same : Anything that affects souls is the concern of the Church <SEP> We will have righteousness Tears burned behind his eyes as he prayed and meditated tonight. <SEP> Unless the confusion cleared he would not be coming here much longer. Monsieur Favres threat would become a reality for he continued to proclaim loudly that the city must rid itself of that Frenchman. <SEP> The slow tapping of a cane on the stone steps coming up to the tower interrupted his reverie. Faint at first the tapping grew until it sounded loud against the wind. <SEP> Eli Corault John thought. What is he doing here at this hour <SEP> He started down the steps to meet the near-blind preacher who had been one of the early Gospelers in Paris. John that you <SEP> I came to warn you of a plot John stood above him his face ashen. What now <SEP> Slowly like a man grown old he took Elis hand and led him below to the tower study guiding him to a chair beside the little hearth where a fire still burned. Plot John asked tiredly. <SEP> Monsieur Favre just paid me a visit. I went to your rooms and Anthony told me you were here. <SEP> Two Anabaptists Caroli and Benoit are to challenge you and William to a debate before the Council. It is to be a trap. <SEP> You know the law : if you lose the debate after accepting a challenge you will be banished What will be the subject <SEP> You are to be accused of Arianism to confuse the religious who remain loyal. Anger and fear fused in John. <SEP> Ever since the fourth century a controversy had raged over the person of Christ. Those who refused to believe that He was the eternal Son of God were termed Arianists. <SEP> Peter Caroli had come to Geneva saying that he had been a bishop of the Church of Rome and had been persecuted in Paris for his Reformed faith. He asked to be appointed a preacher. <SEP> Michael Sept had unmasked him revealing he had never been a bishop but was an Anabaptist afraid to state his faith because he knew John Calvin had written a book against their belief that the soul slept after death. So John had refused to agree to his appointment as a preacher and now Caroli sought revenge. <SEP> John sighed. If William agrees we should insist on a public debate he said at length. <SEP> There is more to the conspiracy. Bern demands that the Lords Supper be administered here as it used to be with unleavened bread. <SEP> Furthermore Bern decrees that we must do as we are ordered by the Council preach only the word of God and stop meddling in politics It was always the spirit with Christ matters such as leavened or unleavened bread are inconsequential. <SEP> Geneva must remain a sovereign state. We will not yield to the demands of Bern <SEP> The firelight played over Elis flowing white locks and rugged features. Monsieur Favre indicated that if I would co-operate after you and William are banished following the debate I will be given a place of influence. <SEP> What was your reply to that I would rather be banished with two such Christians than be made the Chief Syndic <SEP> The following morning as John entered the Place Molard on his way to visit a sick refugee he had a premonition of danger. Then suddenly a group of men and dogs circled him. <SEP> He wanted to run but he knew that if he did he would be lost. He stood very still his heart thumping wildly. <SEP> On the outskirts of the rabble the Camaret brothers and Gaspard Favre shook their fists. Are you going to comply with the demands of Bern The chinless Jake called. <SEP> Arianist A rowdy with a big blob of a nose roared. Heretic John lifted his hand for silence. <SEP> Know this : the ministers will not yield to the demands of Bern. His voice shook a little. <SEP> Somebody heaved a stone. For an instant John was stunned. <SEP> When he felt the side of his head his fingers came away covered with blood. Before he could duck another stone struck him. And another. <SEP> Let him be now Pierre Ameaux the gaming-card manufacturer said his little pig eyes glaring. We have taught him a lesson. <SEP> The crowd moved back and John started dizzily down the hill. Fists pummeled him as he staggered forward. <SEP> Then he slipped and went down on his hands and knees in the melting snow. At once a bevy of dogs was snapping and snarling around him. <SEP> One more horrible than the rest lunged growling deep in his throat his hair bristling. With great difficulty John clambered to his feet and started to run sweat pouring down his face.
cg22.txt:Society have a runaway uncontrollable growth of technology which may end our civilization or a normal healthy growth <SEP> Here there may be an analogy with cancer : we can detect cancers by their rapidly accelerating growth determinable only when related to the more normal rate of healthy growth. The accelerating growth of technology then warn us <SEP> Noting such evidence is the first step and almost the only cure is early detection and removal. One way to determine whether we have so dangerous a technology would be to check the strength of our societys organs to see if their functioning is as healthy as before. <SEP> An objective look at our present procedures may move us to consider seriously this possibly analogous situation. In any event whether society may have cancer or merely a virus infection the disease we shall find is political economical social and even medical. <SEP> Our physical abilities already deteriorated because of the more sedentary lives we are now living Hence the prime issue as I see it is whether a democratic or free society can master technology for the benefit of mankind or whether technology will rule and develop its own society compatible with its own needs as a force of nature. <SEP> We are already committed to establishing mans supremacy over nature and everywhere on earth not merely in the limited social-political-economical context we are fond of today. Otherwise we go on endlessly trying to draw the line color and other as to which kind of man we wish to see dominate. <SEP> We have proved so able to solve technological problems that to contend we can not realize a universal goal in the immediate future is to be extremely shortsighted if nothing else. We must believe we have the ability to affect our own destinies : otherwise why try anything <SEP> So in these pages the term technology is used to include any and all means which could amplify project or augment mans control over himself and over other men. Naturally this includes all communication forms e.g. Languages or any social political economic or religious structures employed for such control. <SEP> Properly mindful of all the cultures in existence today throughout the world we must employ these resources without war or violent revolution. If we were creating a wholly new society we could insist that our social political economic and philosophic institutions foster rather than hamper man best growth. We can not start off with a clean slate. <SEP> We must first analyze our present institutions with respect to the effect of each on mans major needs. Asked which institution most needs correction I would say the corporation as it exists in America today. <SEP> At first glance this appears strange : of all people was not America founded by rugged individualists who established a new way of life still inspiring undeveloped societies abroad hear Harrison E. Salisbury former Moscow correspondent of The New York Times and author of To Moscow -- And Beyond. <SEP> In a book review of The Soviet Cultural Offensive he says Long before the State Department organized its bureaucracy into an East-West Contacts Staff in order to wage a cultural counter-offensive within Soviet borders the sharp cutting-edge of American culture had carved its mark across the Russian steppes as when the enterprising promoters of Porgy And Bess overrode the State Department to carry the contemporary cultural warfare behind the enemy lines. They were not diplomats or jazz musicians or even organizers of reading-rooms and photo-montage displays but rugged capitalist entrepreneurs like Henry Ford Hugh Cooper Thomas Campbell the International Harvester Co. And David W. Griffith. <SEP> Their kind created an American culture superior to any in the world an industrial and technological culture which penetrated Russia as it did almost every corner of the earth without a nickel from the Federal treasury or a single governmental specialist to contrive directives or program a series of consultations of interested agencies. This favorable image of America in the minds of Russian men and women is still there despite years of energetic anti-American propaganda corporations now outmoded. Perhaps the publics present attitude toward business stems from the fact that the rugged capitalist entrepreneur no more exists in America. <SEP> In his stead is a milquetoast version known as the corporation. But even if we can not see the repulsive characteristics in this new image of America foreigners can and our loss of prestige abroad is the direct result. <SEP> No amount of ballyhoo will cover up the sordid facts. If we want respect from ourselves or others we will have to earn it. <SEP> First let us realize that whatever good this set-up achieved in earlier times now the corporation per se can not take economic leadership. Businesses must develop as a result of the ideas energies and ambitions of an individual having purpose and comprehensive ability within one mind. <SEP> When we forced individuals to assume the corporate structure by means of taxes and other legal statutes we adopted what I would term pseudo-capitalism and so took a major step toward socialism. The biggest loss of course was the individuals lessened desire and ability to give his services to the growth of his company and our economy. <SEP> Socialism I grant has a definite place in our society. Let us not complain of the evils of capitalism by referring to a form that is not truly capitalistic. <SEP> Some forms of capitalism do indeed work -- superb organizations a credit to any society. The pseudo-capitalism which dictates our whole economy as well as our politics and social life will not stand close scrutiny. <SEP> Its pretense to operate in the public interest is little more than a sham. It serves only its own stockholders and poorly at that. As a creative enterprise its abilities are primarily in swallowing creative enterprises developed outside its own organization -LRB- an ability made possible by us and almost mandatory -RRB-. <SEP> As to benefits to employees it is notorious for its callous disregard except where it depends on them for services. The corporation in America is in reality our form of socialism vying in a sense with the other socialistic form that has emerged within governmental bureaucracy. <SEP> While the corporation has all the disadvantages of the socialist form of organization -LRB- so cumbersome it can not constructively do much of anything not compatible with its need to perpetuate itself and maintain its status quo -RRB- unluckily it does not have the desirable aspect of socialism the motivation to operate for the benefit of society as a whole. We are faced with a vast network of amorphous entities perpetuating themselves in whatever manner they can without regard to the needs of society controlling society and forcing upon it a regime representing only the corporations needs for survival. <SEP> The corporation has a limited specific place in our society. Ideally speaking it should be allowed to operate only where the public has a great stake in the continuity of supply or services and where the actions of a single proprietor are secondary to the needs of society. <SEP> Examples are in public utilities making military aircraft and accessories or where the investment and risk for a proprietorship would be too great for a much needed project impossible to achieve by any means other than the corporate form e.g. Constructing major airports or dams. Thus if corporations are not to run away with us they must become quasi-governmental institutions subject to public control and needs. <SEP> In all other areas private initiative of the proprietorship type should be urged to produce the desired goods and services. Proprietorship Avoiding runaway technology can be done only by assuring a humane society and for this human beings must be firmly in control of the economics on which our society rests. <SEP> Such genuine human leadership the proprietorship can offer corporations can not. It can project long-range goals for itself. <SEP> Corporations react violently to short-range stimuli e.g. Quarterly and annual dividend reports. Proprietorships can establish a unity and integrity of control corporations being more amorphous can not. <SEP> Proprietorships can establish a meaningful identity representing a human personality and thus establish sincere relationships with customers and community. Corporations are apt by nature to be impersonal inhumane shortsighted and almost exclusively profit-motivated a picture they could scarcely afford to present to the public. The proprietor is able to create a leadership impossible in the corporate structure with its board of directors and stockholders. <SEP> Leadership is lacking in our society because it has no legitimate place to develop. Men continuously at the head of growing enterprises can acquire experiences of the most varied complicated and trying type so that at maturation they have developed the competence and willingness to accept the personal responsibility so sorely needed now. <SEP> Hence government must establish greater controls upon corporations so that their activities promote what is deemed essential to the national interest. Proprietorships should get the tax advantages now accruing to corporations e.g. The chance to accumulate capital so vital for growth. <SEP> Corporations should pay added taxes to be used for educational purposes -LRB- not necessarily of the formal type -RRB-. The right to leave legacies should be substantially reduced and ultimately eliminated. <SEP> To perpetuate wealth control led by small groups of individuals who played no role in its creation prevents those with real initiative from coming to the fore and is basically anti-democratic. When the proprietor dies the establishment should become a corporation until it is either acquired by another proprietor or the government decides to drop it. <SEP> Strikes should be declared illegal against corporations because disagreements would have to be settled by government representatives acting as controllers of the corporation whose responsibility to the state would now be defined against proprietorship because employees and proprietors must be completely interdependent as they are each a part of the whole. Strikes threatening the security of the proprietorship if internally motivated prevent a healthy relationship. <SEP> Certainly external forces should not be applied arbitrarily out of mere power available to do so. If we can not stop warfare in our own economic system how can we expect to abolish it internationally One kind of proprietorship <SEP> These proposals would go far toward creating the economic atmosphere favoring growth of the individual who in turn would help us to cope with runaway technology. Individual human strength is needed to pit against an inhuman condition. <SEP> The battle is not easy. We are tempted to blame others for our problems rather than look them straight in the face and realize they are of our own making and possible of solution only by ourselves with the help of desperately needed enlightened competent leaders. Persons developed in todays corporations can not hope to serve here -- a judgment based on experiences of my own in business and in activities outside. <SEP> In my own company in effect a partnership although legally a corporation I have been able to do many things for my employees which normal corporations of comparable size and nature would have been unable to do. I am convinced that if my company were a sole proprietorship instead of a partnership I would have been even abler to solve long-range problems for myself and my fellow-employees. <SEP> Any abilities I may have were achieved in their present shape from experience in sharing in the growth and control of my business coupled with raising my family. This combined experience on a foundation of very average I assure you intelligence and background has helped me do things many well-informed people would bet heavily against. <SEP> Perhaps a list of some of the practices of my company will help here. The company grew out of efforts by two completely inexperienced men in their late twenties neither having a formal education applicable to or experience in manufacturing or selling our type of articles. <SEP> From an initial investment of $ U in it has grown with no additional capital investment to a present value estimated by some as exceeding $ U -LRB- we dont disclose financial figures to the public -RRB-. Its growth continues steadily on a par with past growth and no limitation is in evidence. <SEP> Our pin-curl clips and self-locking nuts achieved dominance in just a few years time despite substantial well established competition.
cp10.txt:Us we three handled quite a few small commissions from spot drawings for advertising agencies uptown to magazine work and quick lettering jobs. <SEP> Each of us had his own specialty besides. George did wonderful complicated pen-and-ink drawings like something out of a medieval miniature : hundreds of delicate details crammed into an eight-by-ten sheet and looking as if they had been done under a jewelers glass. <SEP> He also drew precise crisp spots which he sold to various literary and artistic journals The New Yorker for instance or Esquire. I did book jackets and covers for paperback reprints : naked girls huddling in corners of dingy furnished rooms while at the doorway daring the cops to take him is the guy in shirt sleeves clutching a revolver. <SEP> The book could be The Brothers Karamazov but it would still have the same jacket illustration. I remember once I did a jacket for Magpie Press the book was a fine historical novel about Edward and I did a week of research to get the details just right : the fifteenth-century armor furnishings clothes. <SEP> I even ferreted out the materials from which shields were made -- linden wood covered with leather -- so Id get the light reflections accurate. McKenzie the art editor took one look at my finished sketch and said Nothing doing Rufus. <SEP> In the first place its static in the second place it doesnt look authentic and in the third place it would cost a fortune to reproduce in the first place -- youve got six colors there including gold. I said Mr. McKenzie it is as authentic as careful research can make it. <SEP> He said That may be but it isnt authentic the way readers think. They know from their researches into television and the movies that knights in the middle ages had beautiful flowing haircuts like Little Lord Fauntleroy and only the villains had beards. <SEP> Girls couldnt have dressed like that -- it isnt transparent enough. In the end I did the same old picture the naked girl and the guy in the doorway only I put a Lord Byron shirt on the guy gave him a sword instead of a pistol and painted in furniture from the stills of a costume movie. <SEP> McKenzie was as happy as a clam. Thats authenticity he said. <SEP> As for Donald he actually sold paintings. We all painted in our spare time and we had all started as easel painters with scholarships but he was the only one of us who made any regular money at it. <SEP> Not much he sold perhaps three or four a year and usually all to Joyce Monmouth or her friends. He had style a real inner vision of his very own. <SEP> It was strange stuff -- it reminded me of the pictures of a child but a child who has never played with other kids and has lived all its life with adults. There was the freshness of color the freedom of perception the lack of self-consciousness but with a twist that made the forms leap from the page and smack you in the eye. <SEP> We used to kid him by saying he only painted that way because he was so nearsighted. It may have been true for all I know because his glasses were like the bottoms of milk bottles but it didnt prevent the paintings from being exciting. <SEP> He also had at times an uncanny absent-minded air like a sleepwalker he would look right through you while you were talking to him and if you said For Christs sake Donald youve got Prussian blue all over your shirt he would smile and nod and an hour later the paint would be all over his pants as well. Mrs. Monmouth thought of him as her discovery and she paid two to three hundred dollars for a painting. <SEP> It was all gravy and Donald didnt need much to live on none of us did. We shared the expenses of the studio and we all lived within walking distance of it in cheap lodgings of one kind or another. <SEP> Attending the life class was my idea -- or rather Askingtons idea but I was ripe for it and the other two wouldnt have gone if I hadnt talked them into it. I wanted to paint again. <SEP> I hadnt done a serious picture in almost a year. It wasnt just the pressure of work although that was the excuse I often used even to myself. <SEP> It was the kind of work I was doing the quality of the ambition it awoke in me that kept me from painting. I kept saying If I could just build up a reputation for myself make some real money get to be well known as an illustrator -- like Peter Askington for instance -- then I could take some time off and paint. <SEP> Askington was a kind of goal I set myself I had admired him long before I talked to him. It looked to me as though he had everything an artist could want joy in his work standing in the profession a large and steady income. <SEP> The night we first met at one of Mrs. Monmouths giant parties he was wearing a brown cashmere jacket with silver buttons and a soft pink Viyella shirt instead of a necktie he wore a leather bolo drawn through a golden ring in which was set a lump of pale pure jade. This set his tone : richness of texture and color and another kind of richness as well for his clothing and decorations would have paid the Brush-offs rent for a year. <SEP> He was fifteen years older than I -- forty-four -- but full of spring and sparkle. He didnt look like what I thought of as an old man and his lively and erudite speech made him seem even younger. <SEP> He was one of the most prominent magazine illustrators in America you saw one of his paintings on the cover of one or another of the slick national magazines every month. Life had included him in its Modern American Artists series and had photographed him at his studio in the East Sixties the corner of it you could see in the photograph looked as though it ought to have Velasquez in it painting the royalty of Spain. <SEP> I had a long talk with him. We went into Mrs. Monmouths library which had low bookshelves all along the walls and above them a Modigliani portrait a Jackson Pollock twelve feet long and a gorgeous Miro with a yellow background that looked like an inscription from a Martian tomb. <SEP> The fireplace had tiles made for Mrs. Monmouth by Picasso himself. Like certain expensive restaurants just sitting there gave you the illusion of being wealthy yourself. <SEP> In the course of our talk Askington mentioned that he spent part of each week studying. By yourself I asked. <SEP> No I take classes with different people he said. I dont think Ive reached the point yet where I can say I know everything I ought to know about the craft. <SEP> Besides its important to the way a painter thinks that he should move in a certain atmosphere an atmosphere in which he may absorb the ideas of other masters as Durer went to Italy to meet Bellini and Mantegna. He made a circle with his thumb and fingers. <SEP> Painting isnt this big you know. It doesnt embrace only the artist alone before his easel. <SEP> It is as large as all of art interdependent varied multitudinous. He threw his arms wide his face shining. <SEP> The artist is like a fragment of a mosaic -- no he is more than that a virtuoso performer in some vast philharmonic. One of these days Im going to organize a gigantic exhibition that will span everything thats being painted these days from extreme abstract expressionism to extreme photorealism and then youll be able to see at a glance how much artists have in common with each other. <SEP> The eye is all inward or outward. Ah what a title for the exhibition : The Eye is All <SEP> What do you study I asked. I was fascinated just listening to him made me feel intelligent. <SEP> Im studying anatomy with Burns he replied. Maybe you know him. <SEP> He teaches at the Manhattan School of Art. I nodded. <SEP> I had studied with Burns ten years before during the scholarship year the Manhattan gave me along with the five-hundred-dollar prize for my paintings of bums on Hudson Street. Burns and I had not loved each other. <SEP> Im also studying enameling with Hajime Iijima he went on and twice a week I go to a life class taught by Pendleton. Osric Pendleton I said. <SEP> My God is he still alive He must be a million years old. <SEP> I went to a retrospective of his work when I was eighteen and I thought he was a contemporary of Cezannes. Not quite. Askington laughed. <SEP> Hes about sixty now. Still painting still a kind of modern impressionist beautiful canvases of mountains and farms. He even makes the city look like one of Thoreaus hangouts. <SEP> Ive always admired him and when I heard he was taking a few pupils I went to him and joined his class. Yes it sounds great I said but suppose you dont think of yourself as an impressionist painter <SEP> Youre missing the point he said. He has the magical eye. <SEP> He is a great man. Contact with him is stimulating. <SEP> Thats the trouble with so many artists today. They lack stimulation. <SEP> They sit alone in their rooms and try to paint and only succeed in isolating themselves still farther from life. Thats one of the reasons art is becoming a useless occupation. <SEP> In the Middle Ages in the Renaissance right up to the early nineteenth century the painter was a giant in the world. He was an artisan a man who studied his trade and developed his craftsmanship the way a goldsmith or a wood carver did. <SEP> He filled a real need showing society what it looked like turning it inside out portraying its wars and its leaders its ugliness and its beauties reflecting its profound religious impulses. He was a propagandist -- they werent afraid of the word then -- satirist nature lover philosopher scientist what you will a member of every party and of no party. <SEP> Look at us today We hold safe little jobs illustrating tooth-paste ads or the salacious incidents in trivial novels and most of our easel painting is nothing but picking the fluff out of the navel so it can be contemplated in greater purity. A bunch of amateur dervishes <SEP> What we need is to get back to the group to learning and apprenticeship to the cafe and the school. He could certainly talk. <SEP> The upshot of the evening was that I got the address of Pendletons studio -- or rather of the studio in which he gave his classes for he didnt work there himself -- and joined the life class which met every Tuesday and Thursday from ten to twelve in the morning. It was an awkward hour but I didnt have to punch any time clock and it only meant that sometimes I had to stay a couple of hours later at the drawing board to finish up a job. <SEP> After a short time both George and Donald joined the class with me so they wouldnt feel lonely and we used to hang a sign on the door of the Brush-off reading out to work. It was mostly for the benefit of the mailman because hardly anybody else ever visited us. <SEP> In a way Askington was right. Stimulating was the word for it. <SEP> I dont know that it was always as rewarding as I had expected it to be. Partly it was because Pendleton himself wasnt what I anticipated. <SEP> I had come prepared to worship at the feet of this classic and he turned out to be a rather bitter old man who smelled of dead cigars. No that isnt quite fair. <SEP> Actually there was a lot of force in him which is why I kept on in that class instead of quitting after a week.
ck27.txt:Tell me doctor where do you plan to conduct the hatching Alex asked. <SEP> That will have to be in the hotel the doctor retorted confirming Alexs anticipations. What I want you to do is to go to the market with me early tomorrow morning and help smuggle the hen back into the hotel. <SEP> The doctor paid the bill and they repaired to the hotel room number nine to initiate Alex further into these undertakings. The doctor opened the smallest of his cases an unimposing straw bag and exposed the contents for Alexs inspection. <SEP> Inside carefully packed in straw were six eggs but the eye of a poultry psychologist was required to detect what scientifically valuable specimentalia lay inside to Alex they were merely six not unusual hens eggs. There was little enough time to contemplate them however in an instant the doctor was stalking across the room with an antique ledger in his hands thoroughly eared and big as a table top. <SEP> He placed it on Alexs lap. This is my hen ledger he informed him in an absorbed way. <SEP> Its been going since when I was a junior in college. That first entry there is the Vermont Flumenophobe the earliest and one of the most successful of my eighty-three varieties -- great big scapulars and hardly any primaries at all. <SEP> Couldnt take them near a river though or theyd squawk like a turkey cock the day before Thanksgiving. The ledger was full of most precise information : date of laying length of incubation period number of chick reaching the first week second week fifth week weight of hen size of roosters wattles and so on all scrawled out in a hand that looked more Chinese than English the most jagged and sprawling Alex had ever seen. <SEP> Below these particulars was a series of alpha-beta-gammas connected by arrows and crosses which denoted the lineage of the breed. Alexs instruction was rapid for the doctor had to go off to the Rue Ecole De Medecine to hear more speeches with only time for one sip of wine to sustain him through them all. <SEP> After the doctors return that night Alex could see from the high window in his own room the now familiar figure crouched on a truly impressive heap of towels apparently giving its egg-hatching powers one final chance before it was replaced in its office by a sure-enough hen. A knocking at Alexs door roused him at six oclock the following morning. <SEP> It was the doctor dressed and ready for the expedition to the market and Alex was obliged to prepare himself in haste. The doctor stood about waiting for Alex to dress with a show of impatience and soon they were moving as quietly as could be through the still-dark hallways past the bedroom of the patronne and so into the street. <SEP> The market was not far and once there the doctors sense of immediacy left him and he fell into a state of harmony with the birds around him. He stroked the hens and they responded with delighted clucks he gobbled with the turkeys and they at once were all attention he quacked with the ducks and cackled with a pair of exceedingly flattered geese. <SEP> The dawn progressed and it seemed that the doctor would never be done with his ministrations when quite abruptly something broke his revery. It was a fine broody hen white with a maternal eye and a striking abundance of feathers in the under region of the abdomen. <SEP> The doctor with the air of a man whose professional interests have found scope drew Alexs attention to those excellences which might otherwise have escaped him : the fine color in comb and wattles the length and quality of neck and saddle hackles the firm wide spread of the toes and a rare justness in the formation of the ear lappets. All search was ended he had found his fowl. <SEP> The purchase was effected and they made their way towards the hotel again the hen with whom some sort of communication had been set up nestling in the doctors arms. The clocks struck seven-thirty as they approached the hotel entrance and hopes that the chambermaid and patronne would still be abed began to rise in Alexs well exercised breast. <SEP> The doctor was wearing a long New England greatcoat hardly necessary in the June weather but a garment which proved well adapted to the sequestration of hens. Alex entered first and was followed by the doctor who for all his care manifested a perceptible bulge on his left side where the hen was cradled. <SEP> They advanced in a line across the entrance hall to the stairway and up with gingerly steps towards the first landing. It was then that they heard the tread of one descending and in some perturbation glancing up saw the patronne coming towards them as they gained the landing. <SEP> Bonjour messieurs vous etes matinals she greeted them pleasantly. Alex explained that they had been out for a stroll before breakfast while the doctor edged around behind him attempting to hide the protuberance at his left side behind Alexs arm and back. <SEP> Vous voulez vos petits dejeuners tout de suite alors Their hostess enquired. Alex told her that there was no hurry for their breakfasts trying at the same time to effect a speedy separation of the persons before and behind him. <SEP> The doctor he noticed was attempting a transverse movement towards the stairs but before the movement could be completed a distinct and audible cluck ruffled the air in the hollow of the stair-well. Eyes swerved in the patronnes head Alex coughed loudly and the doctor with a sforzando of chicken noises floating behind him took to the stairs in long-shanked leaps. <SEP> Comment Ejaculated the surprised woman looking at Alex for an explanation but he parting from her without ceremony only offered a few words about the doctors provincial American speech and a state of nerves brought on by the demands of his work. With that he hurried up the stairs followed by her suspicious gaze. <SEP> When Alex entered his room the doctor was already preparing a nest in the straw case six eggs ready for the hens attentions. There was no reference to the incident on the stairs his powers being absorbed by this more immediate business. <SEP> The hen appeared to have no doubts as to her duties and was quick to settle down to the performance of them. One part of her audience was totally engaged the connoisseur witnessing a peculiarly fine performance of some ancient classic the other part the guest of the connoisseur attentive as one who must take an intelligent interest in that which he does not fully understand. <SEP> The spectacle progressed towards a denouement which was obviously still remote the audience attended. Time elapsed but the doctor was obviously unconscious of its passage until an unwelcome knock on the door interrupted the processes of nature. <SEP> Startled he jumped up to pull hen and case out of view and Alex went to the door. He opened it a crack and in doing so made as much shuffling coughing and scraping noise as possible in order to drown emanations from the hen who had begun to protest. <SEP> It was Giselle the fille de chambre come to clean the room and while she stood before him with ears pricked up and regard all curiosity explaining her errand Alex could see from the corner of his eye the doctor doing all he could to calm the displeased bird. Giselle was reluctant but Alex succeeded in persuading her to come back in five minutes and the door was shut again. <SEP> Who was that young feller The doctor instantly asked. That was the fille de chambre the one you thought couldnt get the eggs out. <SEP> She looked mighty interested though. Anyhow shes coming back in five minutes to do the room. <SEP> The doctors mind was working at a great speed he rose to put his greatcoat on and addressed Alex in a muted voice. You got our keys handy Right in my pocket. All right. <SEP> Now you go outside and beckon me when its safe. The hall was empty and Alex beckoned they climbed the stairs which creaked very loudly to their sensitive ears and reached the next floor. <SEP> A guest was locking his room they passed behind him and got to Alexs room unnoticed. The doctor sat down rather wearily caressing the hen and remarking that the city was not the place for a poultry-loving man but no sooner was the remark out than a knock at this door obliged him to cover the hen with his greatcoat once more. <SEP> At the door Alex managed to persuade the increasingly astonished fille de chambre to return in ten minutes. It was evident that a second transfer had to be effected and that it had to take place between the time the fille finished the doctors room and the time she began Alexs. <SEP> They waited three minutes and then crept out on tip-toe the halls were empty and they passed down the stairs to number nine and listened at the door. A bustle of sheets being smoothed and pillows being arranged indicated the fille de chambres presence inside they listened and suddenly a step towards the door announced another important fact. <SEP> The doctor shot down to the lavatory and turned the doorknob but to no effect : the lavatory was occupied. Although a look of alarm passed over his face he did not arrest his movements but disappeared into the shower room just as the chambermaid emerged from number nine. <SEP> Alex suppressed those expressions of relief which offered to prevail in his face and escape from his throat unwarranted they were in any case for as he stood facing the fille de chambre his ears were assailed by new sounds from the interior of the shower room. The events of the last quarter of an hour mysterious to any bird accustomed only to the predictable life of coop and barnyard had overcome the doctors hen and she gave out a series of cackly wails perhaps mourning her nest but briefly enjoyed. <SEP> The doctors wits had not left him however for all his sixty-eight years and the wails were almost immediately lost in the sound of water rushing out from the showerhead. Alex nodded to the maid as though nothing unusual were taking place and entered the doctors room. <SEP> Shortly the doctor himself entered his hair somewhat wet from the shower but evidently satisfied with the outcome of their adventures. Without comment he opened the closet and from its shelves constructed a highboard around the egg case which he had placed on the floor inside. <SEP> Next the hen was nested and all seemed well. The two men sat for some time savoring the pleasure of escape from peril and the relief such escape brings before they got up and left the hotel the doctor to go to the conference house and Alex to go to the main post office. <SEP> Alex returned to the hotel rather weary and with no new prospects of a role in the late afternoon but found the doctor in an ebullient mood. At the time Alex arrived he was engaged in some sort of intimate communication with the hen who had settled herself on the nest most peacefully after the occurrences of the morning. <SEP> Chickens have short memories the doctor remarked thats why they are better company than most people I know and he went on to break some important news to Alex. Well he began It seems like some people in Paris want to hear more from me than those fellers over at the conference house do. <SEP> Theyve got a big vulture from Tanganika at the zoo here with a wife for him too very rare birds both of them the only Vulturidae of their species outside Africa. Seems like shes willing but the male just flops around all day like the bashful boy who took Jeannie May behind the barn and then didnt know what to do and the people at the zoo havent got any vulture chicks to show for their trouble.
cf24.txt:First rattle of the machine guns at : in the evening roused around me the varied voices and faces of fear. <SEP> Sounds exactly like last time. The young man spoke steadily enough but all at once he looked grotesquely unshaven. <SEP> The middle-aged man said over and over Why did I come here why did I come here. Then he was sick. <SEP> Amid the crackle of small arms and automatic weapons I heard the thumping of mortars. Then the lights went out. <SEP> This was my second day in Vientiane the administrative capital of Laos and my thoughts were none too brave. Where was my flashlight <SEP> Where should I go To my room Better stay in the hotel lobby where the walls looked good and thick. <SEP> Chinese and Indian merchants across the street were slamming their steel shutters. Hotel attendants pulled parked bicycles into the lobby. <SEP> A woman with a small boy slipped in between them. Please she said please. She held out her hand to show that she had money. <SEP> The American newspaperman worried about getting to the cable office. What was the story <SEP> the Communist-led Pathet Lao finally come this far it another revolt inside Vientiane <SEP> Lets play hero I said. Lets go to the roof and see. <SEP> Gunfire saves the moon By : the answer was plain. <SEP> There had been an eclipse of the moon. A traditional Lao explanation is that the moon was being swallowed by a toad and the remedy was to make all possible noise ideally with firearms. <SEP> The din was successful too for just before the moon disappeared the frightened toad had begun to spit it out again which meant good luck all around. How quaint it all seemed the next day. <SEP> A restaurant posted a reminder to patrons who became excited and left without paying their checks. Everyone I met had sought cover first and asked questions later. And no wonder for Vientiane the old City of Sandalwood had become the City of Bullet Holes. <SEP> I saw holes in planes at the airport and in cars in the streets. Along the main thoroughfares hardly a house had not been peppered. <SEP> In place of the police headquarters was a new square filled with rubble. Mortars had demolished the defense ministry and set fire to the American Embassy next door. <SEP> What had been the ambassadors suite was now jagged walls of blackened brick. This damage had been done in the battle of Vientiane fought less than three months earlier when four successive governments had ruled here in three days -LRB- December - -RRB-. <SEP> Now in March all Laos suffered a state of siege. The Pathet Lao forces held two northern provinces and openly took the offensive in three more. <SEP> Throughout the land their hit-and-run terrorists spread fear of ambush and death. And its all the more tragic because its so little deserved said Mr. J. J. A. Frans a Belgian official of the United Nations Educational Scientific and Cultural Organization. <SEP> We talked after I hailed his Jeep marked with the U.N. Flag. Practically all the people of Laos he explained -- about two million of them -- are rice farmers and the means and motives of modern war are as strange to them as clocks and steel plows. <SEP> They look after their fields and children and water buffaloes in ten or eleven thousand villages with an average of souls. Nobody can tell more closely how many villages there are. <SEP> They spread over an area no larger than Oregon yet they include peoples as different from one another as Oregonians are from Patagonians. Life must be kept in harmony. <SEP> What matters here is family loyalty faith in the Buddha and staying at peace with the phis the spirits and to live in harmony with nature. Harmony in Laos Precisely said Mr. Frans. <SEP> He spoke of the season of dryness and dust brought by the monsoon from the northeast in harmony with the season of rain and mud brought by the monsoon from the southwest. The slim pirogues in harmony with the majestically meandering Mekong River. Shy slender-waisted girls at the loom in harmony with the frangipani by the wayside. Even life in harmony with death. So long as death was not violent it was natural and to be welcomed making a funeral a feast. <SEP> To many a Frenchman -- they came years ago colonized and stayed until Laos became independent in -- the land had been even more delightfully tranquil than Tahiti. Yet Laos was now one of the most explosive headaches of statesmen around the globe. <SEP> The Pathet Lao stiffened by Communist Veterans from neighboring North Viet Nam were supplied by Soviet aircraft. The Royal Lao Army on the other hand was paid and equipped with American funds. <SEP> In six years U.S. Aid had amounted to more than $. U for each American -- a total of three hundred million dollars. We were there at a moment when the situation in Laos threatened to ignite another war among the worlds giants. <SEP> Even if it did not how would this little world of gentle people cope with its new reality of grenades and submachine guns To find out we traveled throughout that part of Laos still nominally controlled in the daytime at least by the Royal Lao Army : from Attopeu the City of Buffalo Dung in the southeast to Muong Sing the City of Lions in the northwest close to Communist China -LRB- map page -RRB-. <SEP> We rode over roads so rough that our Jeep came to rest atop the soil between ruts all four wheels spinning uselessly. We flew in rickety planes so overloaded that we wondered why they didnt crash. <SEP> In the end we ran into Communist artillery fire. We were Bill Garrett of the National Geographic Illustrations Staff whose three cameras and eight lenses made him look as formidable as any fighting man we met Boun My our interpreter and myself. <SEP> Boun My -- the name means one who has a boun a celebration and is therefore lucky -- was born in Savannakhet the Border of Paradise. He had attended three universities in the United States. <SEP> He had never seen the mountainous half of his native land north of Vientiane including the royal capital Luang Prabang. Before the airplanes came he said travel in Laos was just about impossible. <SEP> Prime minister moves fast Alas so it almost proved for us too. <SEP> To go outside the few cities required permits. Getting them seemed a lifes work. <SEP> Nobody wanted Americans to be hurt or captured and few soldiers could be spared as escorts. We were told that to the Pathet Lao a kidnaped American was worth at least $ U a fortune in Laos. <SEP> Everyone had heard of the American contractor who had spurned an escort. Now Pathet Lao propagandists were reported marching him barefoot from village to village as evidence of evil American intervention. <SEP> Although we enjoyed our rounds of the government offices in Vientiane with officials offering tea and pleasing conversation in French we were getting nowhere. We had nearly decided that all the tales of Lao lethargy must be true when we were invited to take a trip with the Prime Minister. <SEP> We be ready in minutes His Highness had decided only two hours ago to go out of town and he was eager to be off. <SEP> Prince wears ten-gallon hat And so after a flight southeast to Savannakhet we found ourselves bouncing along in a Jeep right behind the Land-Rover of Prince Boun Oum of Champassak a tall man of Churchillian mien in a bush jacket and a ten-gallon hat from Texas. <SEP> From his shoulder bag peeked the seven-inch barrel of a Luger. The temperature rose to -degrees. <SEP> With our company of soldiers we made one long column of reddish dust. In Keng Kok the City of Silkworms the Prime Minister bought fried chickens and fried cicadas and two notebooks for me. <SEP> Then we drove on until there was no more road and we traversed dry rice fields bouncing across their squat earth walls. It was a spleen-crushing day. An hour of bouncing a brief stop in a village to inspect a new school or dispensary. More bouncing another stop a new house for teachers a new well. Then off again rushing to keep up. <SEP> We were miserable. Our two Jeep mates -- Keo Viphakone from Luang Prabang and John Cool from Beaver Pennsylvania -- were beaming under their coatings of dust. <SEP> Together they had probably done more than any other men to help push Laos toward the th century -- constructively. Mr. Keo once a diplomat in Paris and Washington was Commissioner of Rural Affairs. <SEP> John an engineer and anthropologist with a doctorate from the London School of Economics headed the rural development division of USOM the United States Operations Mission administering U.S. Aid. What you see are self-help projects John said. <SEP> We ask the people what they want and they supply the labor. We send shovels cement nails and corrugated iron for roofs. <SEP> That way they have an infirmary for $ U. We have such projects and they add up to a lot more than just roads and wells and schools. <SEP> Ask Mr. Keo. Mr. Keo agreed. <SEP> Our people have been used to accepting things as they found them he said. Where there was no road they lived without one. <SEP> Now they learn that men can change their surroundings through their traditional village elders without violence. Thats a big step toward a modern state. <SEP> You might say we are in the nation-building business. In the villages people lined up to give us flowers. <SEP> Then came coconuts eggs and rice wine. The Prime Minister paid his respects to the Buddhist monks strode rapidly among the houses joked with the local soldiery and made a speech. <SEP> The soldiers are fighting and the Americans are helping he said but in the fight against the Pathet Lao the key factor is the villager himself. Then we were off again. <SEP> We did it for three days. Our stumping tour of the south wasnt all misery. <SEP> Crossing the -foot width of the Mekong at Champassak on a raft with an outboard motor we took off our dusty shirts and enjoyed a veritable ocean breeze. Then we hung overboard in the water. <SEP> Briefly we rolled over a paved road up to Pak Song on the cool Bolovens Plateau. The Prince visited the hospital of Operation Brotherhood supported by the Junior Chamber of Commerce of the Philippines and fed rice to two pet elephants he kept at his residence at Pak Song. <SEP> Strings keep souls in place In the village of Soukhouma which means Peaceful we had a baci. <SEP> This is the most endearing of Lao ceremonies. It takes place in the household a rite of well-wishing for myriad occasions -- for the traveler a wedding a newborn child the sick the New Year for any good purpose. <SEP> The preparations were elaborate : flowers candles incense sticks rice wine dozens of delicacies and pieces of white cotton string. The strings were draped around flowers in tall silver bowls -LRB- page -RRB-. <SEP> The candles were lighted and we sat on split-bamboo mats among the village notables. I was careful to keep my feet the seat of the least worthy spirits from pointing at anyones head where the worthiest spirits reside. <SEP> Now a distinguished old man called on nine divinities to come and join us. Next he addressed himself to our souls. <SEP> A man has souls one for each part of the body. Those souls like to wander off and must be called back. <SEP> With the divinities present and our souls in place we were wished health happiness and power. Then one after another the villagers tied the waiting cotton strings around our wrists. <SEP> These were to be kept on to hold in the souls. As we stepped out into the sunlight a man came up to John Cool and silently showed him his hand. <SEP> It had a festering hole as big as a silver dollar. We could see maggots moving. <SEP> John said : I have some antiseptic salve with me but its too late for that.
cl14.txt:Man with a sketch pad in hand sat with a large pink woman in a small office at the end of a long dim corridor and made pencil lines on paper and said Is this more like it Mrs. MacReady Or are the eyebrows more like this <SEP> When he had finished with that he would go to another part of the hotel and say much the same things to someone else most probably a busboy. Begin to look like him now would you say Different about the mouth huh More like this maybe <SEP> Men blew dust on objects in a room on the seventeenth floor of the Hotel Dumont and blew it off again and did the same in a tiny almost airless room in a tenement in the West Forties. Men also used vacuum cleaners in both rooms sucking dust up once more. <SEP> Men from the Third Detective District Eighteenth Precinct had the longest the most tedious job. At the Hotel Dumont there had at the time in issue been twenty-three overnighters counting couples as singular. <SEP> These included as one Mr. And Mrs. Anthony Payne who had checked in a little after noon the day before and had not checked out together. But Gardner Willings was not included he had been at the Dumont for almost a week. <SEP> There was of course no special reason to believe that the man or woman they sought had stayed only overnight at the hotel. The twenty-three -LRB- or twenty-two with the Paynes themselves omitted -RRB- provided merely a place to start and their identification was the barest of starts. <SEP> With names and addresses listed verification came next. It would take time it would almost inevitably trouble some water. <SEP> -LRB- I certainly was not at the Dumont last night and my husband couldnt have been. Hes in Boston. <SEP> Of course hes in -- -RRB- The Hotel King Arthur across the street provided almost twice as many problems. <SEP> The King Arthur offered respectable and convenient lodgings to people from the suburbs who wanted to see a show and didnt want -- heaven knew didnt want -- to lunge anxiously through crowded streets to railroad stations and at odd hours of night drive from smaller stations to distant homes probably through rain or in November something worse. The King Arthur was less expensive than the Dumont. <SEP> The King Arthur had fifty-four overnighters again counting rooms rather than people. Check the overnighters out. <SEP> Failing to find what was wanted as was most likely check out other guests with special -- but not exclusive -- attention to those with rooms on the street. -LRB- Anyone active enough can reach a roof wherever his room may be. -RRB- <SEP> know while all this went on that there was no real reason to suppose that the murderer had been a guest in either hotel. It was not even certain the shot had been fired from either hotel. <SEP> There were other roofs less convenient but not impossible. It is dull business detecting and hard on feet. <SEP> There was also the one salient question to ask and ask widely : Did you notice anything out of the way Like for example a man carrying a twenty-two rifle probably with a telescopic sight attached There was of course no hope it really would be that simple. <SEP> The sniper whether psychopathic marksman or murderer by intent would hardly have walked to his vantage point with rifle over shoulder whistling a marching tune. Anybody carrying anything that might hide a rifle Long thin suitcase Or long fat suitcase for that matter Shrugs met that from room clerks from bellhops. <SEP> Who measures But nothing it appeared long enough to attract attention. Cases say for musical instruments None noted at the Dumont. Several at the King Arthur. A combo was staying there. <SEP> Had been for a week. Anything else Anything at all Shrugs met that. <SEP> -LRB- Detective Pearson Eighteenth Precinct thought for a time he might be on to something. A refuse bin at the Dumont turned up a florists box -- a very long box for very long-stemmed flowers. Traces of oil on green tissue The lab to check. The lab : sorry. No oil. -RRB- Anything at all strange <SEP> Well a man had tried at the King Arthur to register with an ocelot. At the Dumont a guest had come in a collapsible wheel chair. <SEP> At the King Arthur one guest had had his head heavily bandaged and another had a bandaged foot and had walked with crutches. There had also been a man who must have had St. Vitus or something because he kept jerking his head. <SEP> As reports dribbled in William Weigand tossed them into the centrifuge which had become his head. Mullins came in. <SEP> There was no sign of Mrs. Lauren Payne at her house on Nod Road Ridgefield Connecticut. The house was modern large on five acres. <SEP> Must have cost plenty. The State cops would check from time to time pass word when there was word to pass. <SEP> Weigand tossed this news into the centrifuge. Sort things out damn it. <SEP> Sort out the next move. Try to forget motive for the moment. <SEP> Consider opportunity. Only those actually with Payne when he was shot or who had left the party within not more than five minutes -LRB- make five arbitrary -RRB- positively had none. The Norths Hathaway Jerrys publicity director Livingston Birdwood producer of Uprising. <SEP> They had been with Payne when he was shot could not therefore have shot him from above. Take Gardner Willings. <SEP> He had left after the scuffle had been seen to leave. He would have had ample time to go into a blind somewhere and wait his prey. <SEP> Consider him seriously therefore Intangibles entered then -- hunches which felt like facts. <SEP> Willings would ambush certainly Willings undoubtedly had. Willings was presumably a better than average shot. <SEP> -- hunch now -- Willings would not ambush anything which went on two legs instead of four. If for no other reason Willings would never for a moment suppose he was not bigger tougher than anything else that went on two legs. <SEP> Ambushes are laid by those who doubt themselves as any man may against a tiger. Faith Constable had had to go on from the party and had presumably gone on. <SEP> To be checked out further. Forget motive <SEP> No motive is a part of fact. Nobody in his right mind punishes a quarter-century-old dereliction. <SEP> Grudges simply do not keep that well in a sane mind. Faith Constable had accomplished much in a quarter of a century. <SEP> Jeopardize it now to correct so old a wrong Bill shook his head. <SEP> Also he thought I doubt if she could hit the side of a barn with a shotgun. Lauren herself She had left the party early pleading a headache. No lack of opportunity presuming she had a gun. <SEP> She might conceivably have brought one in in a large-enough suitcase. -LRB- Check on the Payne luggage. -RRB- <SEP> She might now have taken it away again. Motive -- her husband wandering Bitter unreasoning jealousy Heaven knew it happened and hell knew it too. <SEP> It happened almost always among the primitive and usually among the very young. -LRB- Call it mentally young call it retarded. -RRB- <SEP> There was nothing to indicate that Lauren Payne was primitive. She did not move in primitive circles. <SEP> She was young but not that young. It occurred to Bill Weigand that he was on a hunch basis eliminating a good many. <SEP> He reminded himself that all eliminations were tentative. He also reminded himself that he had an unusual number of possibilities. The Masons mother or son or mother and son <SEP> Opportunity was obvious. Motive. Here too the cause to hate lay well back in the years. <SEP> Bitterness had more cause to remain even increasingly to corrode. With the boy particularly. The boy had apparently -- if Mrs. MacReady was right in what she had told Mullins -- only in recent months been forced to give up college to work as a busboy. <SEP> Seeing the man he blamed for this made much of -- youth and bitterness and -- Bill picked up the telephone got Mullins. Send out a pickup on Mrs. Mason and the boy when youve got enough to go on Bill said. Right <SEP> Mullins would do. A man named Lars Simon playwright-director had expressed a wish that Anthony Payne drop dead. <SEP> He would say of course that he had not really had any such wish that what he had said was no more than one of those things one does say lightly meaning nothing. Which probably would turn out to be true which he obviously had to be given the opportunity to say. <SEP> A man named Blaine Smythe with y and e but pronounced without them had been fired at Paynes insistence. He was also if Pam North was right a closer acquaintance of Lauren Paynes than she now was inclined to admit. <SEP> He might deny the latter would certainly deny any connection between the two things or any connection of either with murder. He would have to be given the opportunity. Mullins <SEP> It was evident that Mullins was the man to go. It was evident that a captain should remain at his desk directing with a firm hand and keeping a firm seat. <SEP> Bill Weigand was good and tired of the wall opposite and the crack in the plaster. Let Mullins keep the firm seat let Stein. <SEP> When Siamese cats are intertwined it is difficult to tell where one leaves off and another begins. Stilts and Shadow on Pams bed appeared to be one cat -- rather large as Siamese cats go and to be sure having two heads and two tails. <SEP> On the other hand they or it seemed to have no legs whatever. Pamela North said Hi to her cats and added that proper cats met their humans at the door. <SEP> Of four dark brown ears one twitched slightly at this. All right Pam said. <SEP> I know it isnt dinnertime. At this the one too-large cat suddenly became two cats stretching. <SEP> Shadow the more talkative began at once to talk her voice piteous. Stilts a more direct cat leaped from the bed and trotted briskly toward the kitchen. <SEP> Shadow looked surprised wailed and trotted after her. The hell it isnt dinnertime two waving tails told Pam North. <SEP> It was not whatever tale was told by tails. Martha presumably would cope. <SEP> She might be firm. It was most unlikely that she would be firm. <SEP> They want to be fat cats Pam thought and lighted a cigarette and leaned back on a chaise and considered pulling her thoughts together. After a time it occurred to her that her thoughts were not worth the trouble. <SEP> A vague feeling that Anthony Payne had had it coming was hardly a thought and was in any event reprehensible. Faith Constables explanation of her confidence so uninvited been a little thin <SEP> That was more like a thought but not a great deal more. That tall dark boy carrying trays too heavy for him found what he might have considered adulation of a man he probably hated more than he could bear <SEP> possessed himself -- how -- of a rifle and killed Pam found she had no answers had only a hope. The poor kid -- the poor frail kid. <SEP> Some people have luck and some have no luck and that whatever people who prefer order say is the size of it. The poor unlucky -- The telephone rang. Pam realized to her surprise that she had been almost dozing. At four oclock in the afternoon. <SEP> Two martinis for lunch -- that was the trouble. I ought to remember. <SEP> Dont pretend. You do remember. <SEP> You just -- Hello Yes this is she What <SEP> The voice had music in it. Even with words coming too fast they came on the music of the voice. <SEP> I said I would Pam said. They wont talk about who gave the information. <SEP> They have to. They dont Mrs. Constable. <SEP> Not unless they have -- She was interrupted. Call this a cry for help Faith Constable said.
cf09.txt:Gave herself a title Lady Diana Harrington. <SEP> The New York D.A. Gave her another The Golden Girl of cafe society. Houston police gave her a third less flamboyant title prostitute. And Houston police have the final say in the matter since she died there on September Diane Harris Graham D.O.A. Circumstances -- unusual. <SEP> Early in her life she had discovered that where there were men there was money and with the two came luxury and liquor. She was still in the play for pay business when she died a top trollop who had given the worlds oldest profession one of its rare flashes of glamour. <SEP> She never hid the fact that she liked to play. Her neighbors in the expensive Houston apartment building told reporters that the ash-blonde beauty had talked at times about her past as the Golden Girl of the Mickey Jelke trial. <SEP> It was the trial of oleomargarine heir Minot -LRB- Mickey -RRB- Jelke for compulsory prostitution in New York that put the spotlight on the international play-girl. -LRB- Jelke later served months when he was found guilty of masterminding a ring of high-priced call girls. -RRB- Diane was needed as a material witness in the case and New York police searched three continents before they found her in their own back yard -- in a swank hotel of course. <SEP> She had been moving in cafe society as Lady Diana Harrington a name that made some of the gossip columns. It was when she was seized as a material witness that she got the designation she liked best. <SEP> Clad in mink and diamonds she listened to Assistant District Attorney Anthony Liebler describe her to the arraigning judge : This girl is the Golden Girl of cafe society. In she was a prostitute in New York County. <SEP> In the spring and early summer of that year she met a wealthy foreign tycoon who took her to France where she later met a very wealthy man and toured all Europe with him. At Deauville she met an Egyptian by the name of Pulley Bey. <SEP> He was the official procurer for King Farouk now in exile. She was in Egypt during the revolution and had passport difficulty. <SEP> She lied in order to get it. We have checked her in different parts of Europe and Egypt and finally back into this country. <SEP> She has been acting as a prostitute. Our information is that she gave the proceeds of her acts to Jelke. <SEP> Diane sobbingly denied this to the court. Thats a lie. <SEP> I never gave that boy a cent. I am not a prostitute and I had only one very wealthy boy friend she said. <SEP> During the course of the trial Jelke backed up part of that statement. Diane is the type of girl Jelke said who wouldnt get loving -- even on her wedding night -- unless you piled up all your money in the middle of the floor. <SEP> She seemed to have underestimated the number of her boy friends. She came to New York from Detroit as a teenager but with a sponsor instead of a chaperone. <SEP> As she told it Hes a rich boy friend an old guy about. She was Mary Lou Brew then wide-eyed but not naive. <SEP> She had talked her boy friend into sending her to New York to take a screen test. The screen test was never made -- but Diane was. <SEP> She quickly moved into cafe society possibly easing her conscience by talking constantly of her desire to be in show business. She seemed so anxious to go on the stage that some of her friends in the cocktail circuit set up a practical joke. <SEP> An ex-fighter was introduced to her in a bar as Mr. Warfield the famous producer. The phony producer asked her if she would like to be in one of his shows. <SEP> Id love to audition for you she gushed. The audition was held a few minutes later in somebodys apartment. <SEP> She thought she had great possibilities in the ballet and wanted to show the eminent producer how well she could dance. After a few minutes he said I cant use you if you dance like that. <SEP> Id like to see you dance nude. She hastily complied. <SEP> Diane loved to dance in the nude something she was to demonstrate time and again. She developed another quaint habit. <SEP> Even among the fast set in which she was moving her method for keeping an escort from departing too early was unique. When the date would try to bid her good-night at the door she would tell him If you go home now Ill scream. <SEP> More often than not he would bow to the inevitable. One who needed no such threats was a French financier. <SEP> One of the blondes yearnings that he satisfied was for travel. She wanted to go around the world but she settled for a French holiday. <SEP> In an anonymous interview with a French newspaper the financier told of spending several months with her. Then she went to Deauville where she met a member of a powerful Greek syndicate of gamblers. <SEP> The Greek evidently fell for her Monsieur X recounted and to clinch what he thought was an affair in the making he gave her francs -LRB- about $ U -RRB- and led her to the roulette tables. She could do no wrong at the tables that time. <SEP> In short order the croupier had pushed several million francs her way. Smarter than most gamblers she slipped away from the casino packed her bag and took the night train to Paris. <SEP> No one ever learned what happened to the Greek. The luxury of Paris most fashionable hotel the George bored the beautifully-built blonde so she high-tailed it to Rome. <SEP> She teamed up with another beauty whose name has been lost to history and commenced with some fiddling that would have made Nero envious. To climax her Roman revels she was thrown out of the swanky Hotel Excelsior after she had run naked through its marble halls screaming for help. <SEP> It was a rugged finish for what must have been a very interesting night. Discreet Italian police described it in a manner typically continental. <SEP> There had been a threesome at the party in the suites bedroom : Miss Harrington -LRB- this was Dianes choice for a Roman name -RRB- another woman who has figured in other very interesting events and one of your well-known American actors. The actor had had much to drink and apparently became very violent. <SEP> The hotel staff as well as residents of the Excelsior told us they saw that both ladies were bleeding from scratches as they were seen fleeing down the hall. They were wearing nothing but their scratches. <SEP> They were asked to leave the hotel. No charges were filed. <SEP> The girls after dressing were indignant. You cant do this to us Diane screamed. <SEP> We are Americans. In the morning she found rooms directly across from the Excelsior at the equally luxurious Hotel Ambassador. <SEP> With the Ambassador as headquarters she continued to promote good will abroad. Of course her benevolence was limited to those who could afford it but then there is a limit to what one person can do. <SEP> By this time Diane was a beguiling lass of and still seeking her place in the world. She thought royal status might come her way when while she was still in Rome she met Pulley Bey a personal procurer to King Farouk of Egypt. <SEP> A close friend of hers in the Roman days described it this way : It was a strange relationship. Pulley Bey spoke no English. <SEP> Diane spoke no Italian or French. She had a hard time making him understand that it was Farouk she wished to meet. <SEP> Pulley Bey insisted that she bestow her favors on him the friend continued. It seemed as though she were always auditioning. <SEP> No believer in the traditional devotion of royal servitors the plump Pulley broke the language barrier and lured her to Cairo where she waited for nine months vainly hoping to see Farouk. Pulley had set her up at the Semiramis Hotel but she grew impatient waiting for a royal reception and moved to a luxurious apartment to which the royal pimp had no key. <SEP> She picked her own Middle-Eastern friends from the flock of ardent Egyptians that buzzed around her. Tewfik Badrawi Mohammed Gaafer and numerous other wealthy members of Cairo society enjoyed her company. <SEP> So extensive became her circle of admirers Egyptian police said that her escapades caused distrust. The roof was about ready to fall in on Dianes little world but it took nothing less than the Egyptian revolution to bring it down. <SEP> When Farouk was overthrown police picked up his personal pimp Pulley Bey. They also called upon Diane with a request for a look at her passport. <SEP> The cagey Pulley Bey who spoke no English had taken the passport so that Diane couldnt leave the country without his approval. Officials provided a temporary passport good only for return to the United States. <SEP> Return to the United States she did into waiting arms -- the unromantic ones of the New York District Attorneys office. Held as a material witness in the compulsory prostitution trial of Mickey Jelke the comely courtesan was unable to raise bail and was committed to the Womens House of Detention a terribly overcrowded prison. <SEP> It is a tribute to her talents that she was able to talk the District Attorney into having her removed from the prison to a hotel room with her meals taken at Vesuvios an excellent Italian restaurant. Newspapers at the time noted that the move indicated that she was co-operating with the District Attorney. <SEP> With the end of the trial Diane disappeared from New York. It was no longer fashionable to be seen with fabulous Lady Harrington. <SEP> Several years ago she married a Houston business man Robert Graham. She later divorced Graham who is believed to have moved to Bolivia. <SEP> Houston police got to know Diane two years ago when the vice squad picked her up for questioning about a call girl ring. Last May they said she admitted being a prostitute. <SEP> The next time the police saw her she was dead. It was September in a lavishly decorated apartment littered with liquor bottles. <SEP> She had had a party with a regular visitor Dr. William W. McClellan. McClellan who had once lost his medical license temporarily on a charge of drug addiction was with her when she died. <SEP> He had been in the apartment two days and was hazy about what had happened during that time. When he realized she was dead he called two lawyers and then the police. <SEP> When the police arrived they found McClellan and the two lawyers sitting and staring silently. The blondes nude body was in bed a green sheet and a pink blanket covered her. <SEP> Pictures of her in more glamorous days were on the walls. An autopsy disclosed a large amount of morphine in Dianes body. <SEP> Police theorize that a combination of dope drink and drugs killed her. I think that maybe she wanted it this way a vice squad cop said. <SEP> A maid told us that she still bragged about getting $ U a date. She was on the junk and they slide fast when that happens. <SEP> At least she never knew what the bottom was like. I am a carpet salesman. <SEP> I work for one of the biggest chains of retail carpet houses in the East. We cater mostly to nice people in the $ - annual income bracket U and we run a string of snazzy neon-lit chromium-plated suburban stores. <SEP> I am selling the stuff of which is made one of the Great American Dreams -- wall-to-wall carpeting. There is only one trouble with this big beautiful dream. <SEP> From where I sit it looks more like a nightmare. People come to me with confidence. <SEP> They depend on my supposedly expert knowledge of a trade of which they themselves know little. I knowingly abuse their confidence.
cl11.txt:Said the fingerprint man. <SEP> Also if youre going to believe those prints youll have to look for a killer whos a top-grade piano player. He demonstrated by playing an imaginary piano doing a staccato passage with a broadly exaggerated attack. <SEP> To make it clearer he shifted to acting out but with no change of manner the killing of Rose Mallory. His hands snatched at an imaginary bucket swooping down hard to grab it and coming away with equal snap like a ball thats been bounced hard. <SEP> In the same way he pantomimed grasping a mantel and bouncing cleanly off that pressing his hands against the floor and bouncing cleanly off that. He was moving like a ballet dancer playing for laughs. <SEP> If Rose Mallorys killer acted this way catching up with him was going to be a cinch. Wed know him by his stretch pants and the flowers hed wear twined in his hair. <SEP> Perhaps if Felix had first come upon us when this boy was not cavorting so gaily up and down the hall outside the murdered womans apartment we might have had less trouble convincing Felix of our seriousness. This you will remember was still New Years Day. <SEP> By the time Felix turned up it was early afternoon which one would think would be late enough so that by then except for small children and a few hardy souls who had not yet sobered up it could have been expected that people would no longer be having any sort of active interest in the previous nights noisemakers and paper hats. Felix was the exception. <SEP> He had retained his hat and his horn and whatever fun might still be going he was ready to join it. That incidentally might give you some idea of what Felix was like. <SEP> After all he hadnt happened upon us in that second-floor hall without warning. The M.E. S boys had finished their on-the-spot examination and the body had been removed for autopsy. <SEP> The meat wagon therefore was not out in front of the house any more but the cluster of squad cars was still there and there was a cop on the door downstairs to screen any comings and goings. There was furthermore the crowd of curious onlookers gathered in the street and a couple more cops to hold them at a decent distance. <SEP> Just put yourself in Felixs place for a moment. Youre a taxpayer householder landlord. <SEP> Youve been away from home for the New Year festivities but now the party is over and you come home. Defining sobriety in the limited sense of being free from the clinical symptoms of the effects of alcohol ingested and not yet eliminated from the system you are sober. <SEP> You still have your paper hat and youre wearing it but then it is an extraordinary paper hat and in addition to anything else you may be you are also the sculptor who created that most peculiar dame out in the back yard. Its not too much to assume that you will have a more lasting interest in paper hats than will Mr. Average Citizen. <SEP> You have your paper horn clutched in your big craggy fist and for your entrance you have planned a noisy colorful and exuberant greeting to your friends and tenants. You find your house a focus of public and police attention. <SEP> You imagine yourself forgetting under the circumstances that you are approaching this startling and unexpected situation so unsuitably hatted and armed with a paper horn Maybe one could be startled into forgetfulness. <SEP> You shoulder your way through the cluster of the curious and you barge up to the cop on the door. You identify yourself and ask him whats going on. <SEP> Instead of answering you he sticks his head in the door and shouts up the stairs. Got the upstairs guy he bellows. The owner. <SEP> I send him up Then he turns back to you. <SEP> Go on in he says. Theyll tell you whats cooking. <SEP> Even then as you go into the house oppressed by the knowledge that something is cooking and that your house has passed under this unaccountable official control could you go on forgetting that you still had that ridiculous hat on your head and you were still carrying that childish horn in your hand What Im getting at is that we were fully prepared for Felixs being an odd one. <SEP> Wed seen his handiwork out in the back yard and the little his tenants had told us of him did make him sound a little special. We were not however prepared for anything like the apparition that confronted us as Felix came up the stairs. <SEP> He of course must have been equally unprepared for what confronted him but nonetheless I did find his reaction startling. If Felix was still wearing the hat and carrying the horn because hed forgotten about them he now remembered. <SEP> He came bounding up the stairs and joined the dance. He adjusted the hat lifted the horn to his lips as though it were a flute and fell in alongside our fingerprint expert to cavort with him. <SEP> Our man stopped dead and glowered at Felix. Felix threw his head back and laughed a laugh that shook the timbers of even that solidly built old house. <SEP> This was a bull of a man. He was big-chested big-shouldered and heavy-armed. <SEP> His face was ruddy and heavy and unlined and when he laughed he showed his teeth which were big and white and strong and unquestionably home-grown. I dont remember ever seeing teeth that were quite so white and at the same time quite so emphatically not dentures. <SEP> His hair had receded most of the way to the back of his neck. He had only a fringe of hair and he wore it cropped short. <SEP> It was almost as white as his teeth. For a man of his mass he was curiously short. <SEP> He wasnt a dwarf but he was a bit of a comic figure. A man with so big and so staggeringly developed a torso and such long and powerful arms is expected to stand taller than five feet five. <SEP> For Felix it was a bit of a stretch to make even that measurement. The man was just this side of being a freak. <SEP> We waited till he had finished laughing and that gave us a few moments for taking stock of him. He was dressed in a manner Esquire might suggest for the outdoor mans country weekend. Dark gray sports jacket lighter gray slacks pink flannel shirt black silk necktie. <SEP> His eyes were clear. He was freshly shaved and if there had been any alcohol in him we could never have missed detecting some scent of it on the massive gusts of his laughter. Not even a whiff. <SEP> Eventually he subsided. Felix Gibby said. <SEP> Me he said merrily. Me the happy one. That much Latin we remember Gibby said dryly. <SEP> You always live up to your name always like this always making happy I try Felix said blithely. <SEP> The world is full of blokes who put their hearts into making the tragic scene. Ive never noticed that it improves things any. <SEP> Bully for you Gibby said. Whats the rest of your name No rest of it. <SEP> Felix is all there is. All there ever was The past I leave to historians Felix intoned demonstrating that he could be pompous as well as happy. <SEP> You live in the present In the present Felix proclaimed. For the future. <SEP> There any other time in which a man can live We Gibby announced are not philosophers. <SEP> We are Assistant District Attorneys. This gentleman is a police officer. <SEP> He is a fingerprint specialist. Your future your immediate future be made to include taking us upstairs giving us a bit of space in which our friend can work and making available to him your finger tips <SEP> The happy one could never have looked happier. This was more than joy. <SEP> It was ecstasy. Those lovely whorls he chortled. So intricate so beautiful. <SEP> Come right along. I love fingerprints. <SEP> He was prancing along the hall heading for the next flight of stairs. Gibby called him back. <SEP> Were here because of what happened last night he said. Past yes but important. Since it is important for the record lets have the full name. <SEP> That important Felix asked. That important. Grubb Felix whispered. Felix Grubb <SEP> Gibby asked not bothering to whisper. Shh Felix implored. <SEP> I cant see what would make it necessary for you to know. Nothing could make it necessary to proclaim it to the whole world. <SEP> Obligingly Gibby lowered his voice. Felix Grubb He repeated. No. Edmund but not for years. <SEP> For years its been just Felix. First thing I did after my twenty-first birthday was go into court and have it officially changed and this is something I dont tell everybody. <SEP> That was almost forty years ago. Having volunteered that he was a man of about sixty he bounded up the stairs and with each leap rendered the number less credible. <SEP> This was a broth of a boy our Felix and nothing was more obvious than the joy he took in demonstrating how agile he was and how full of juice and spirit. We followed him up the stairs. <SEP> The cops would gather up Connor and the foursome on the third floor and bring us those of them who would voluntarily submit to fingerprinting. You may think we didnt need Nancy and Jean but you always get what you can when you can and we had no guarantee that a fingerprint record on them couldnt be useful before we were through with this case. <SEP> Also if we had excluded the ladies we would have to that extent let the whole world know at least that much of where we stood. The killer if in our present group would certainly be interested in knowing that much and even though with the fingerprint evidence what it was I could see no way he could use this bit of information to improve on his situation there might always be some way. <SEP> If you can possibly avoid it you dont hand out any extra chances. Felix took us into his studio. <SEP> It was that oddly shaped space at the very top of the house where ceiling heights had to accommodate themselves to the varying angles of roof slope. At each angle of its pitch a big skylight had been fitted into the roof and all these skylights were fitted with systems of multiple screens and shades. <SEP> When Felix first opened the door on it all these shades were tightly drawn and the whole studio was as dark as night. He quickly fixed that rolling back the shades on some of the skylights and adjusting screens on the others. <SEP> He flew about the place making these adjustments and it was obvious that what he was doing was the fruit of long experience. None of his movements was tentative. <SEP> There was no process of trial and error. Starting with the room completely blacked out as it was when we came in he unerringly fixed things so that the whole place was bathed in the maximum of light without at any point admitting even so much as a crack of glare. <SEP> Expecting something more-than-average wacky I was surprised by what we found. There was no display of either works in progress or of finished work. <SEP> Here and there on work table or pedestal stood a shape with a sheet or a tarpaulin draped over it. These shapes might have been mad but there was no telling. <SEP> They were all completely shrouded. The equipment was solid and heavy and in good condition. <SEP> Everything was orderly and it seemed to be arranged for the workmans comfort convenience and efficiency. There were tools about but they were neatly kept. <SEP> There was no confusion and no litter. Supplies of sheet metal were neatly stacked in bins.
cf06.txt:Did I get to be sixty-five so fast <SEP> What do I do now Yes retirement seems to creep upon you suddenly. <SEP> Somehow we old-timers never figured we would ever retire. We always thought we would die with our boots on. <SEP> Out of the blue comes talk of pension plans. Compulsory retirement at sixty-five looms on our horizon. <SEP> Still it seems in the far future. Suddenly one day up it pops Sixty-five years and youve had it So now what Oh sure <SEP> Youve thought about it before in a hazy sort of way. But It never seemed real never seemed as if it could happen to you only to the other fellow. Now <SEP> Here it is How am I going to live <SEP> What am I going to do Where do I go from here <SEP> A great many retired people are the so-called white collar workers. You one of these <SEP> If so you are of the old school. You are conscientious hard working honest accurate a good penman and a stickler for a job well done with no loose ends. <SEP> Everything must balance to the last penny. Also you can spell without consulting a dictionary for every other word. <SEP> You never are late for work and seldom absent. Actually you can take no special credit for this. <SEP> It is the way you were taught and your way of life. All this is standard equipment for a man of your day your stock in trade your livelihood. <SEP> However the last few years of your life things seem to be changing. Your way doesnt seem to be so darned important any more. <SEP> You realize you are getting in the old fogy class. To put it bluntly you are getting out-moded. <SEP> Whats happened The answer is a new era. <SEP> Now looming on the horizon are such things as estimated totals calculated risks and I.B.M. Machines. The Planning Dept. Comes into existence. <SEP> All sorts of plans come to life. This is followed by a boom in conferences. Yes sir <SEP> Conferences become very popular. When a plan burst its seams hasty conferences supply the necessary patch and life goes merrily on. <SEP> Thats called progress The new way of life Lets face it <SEP> You had your day and it was a good day. Let this generation have theirs. <SEP> Time marches on Well to get back to the problem of retirement. Every retiring person has a different situation facing him. <SEP> Some have plenty of money -- some have very little money. Some are blest with an abundance of good health -- some are in poor health and many are invalids. <SEP> Some have lovely homes -- some live in small apartments. Some have beautiful gardens -- some not even a blade of grass. <SEP> Some have serenity of mind the ability to accept what they have and make the most of it -LRB- a wonderful gift to have believe me -RRB- -- some see only darkness the bitter side of everything. Well whatever you have thats it <SEP> Youve got to learn to live with it. Now The question is How are you going to live with it <SEP> You can sit back and moan and bewail your lot. Yes You can do this. <SEP> If you do your life will be just one thing -- unhappiness -- complete and unabridged. It seems to me the first thing youve got to do to be happy is to face up to your problems no matter what they may be. <SEP> Make up your mind to pool your resources and get the most out of your remaining years of life. One thing I am sure of you must get an interest in life. <SEP> Youve got to do something. Many of you will say Well what can I do <SEP> Believe me There are many many things to do. <SEP> Find out what you like to do most and really give it a whirl. If you cant think of a thing to do try something -- anything. <SEP> Maybe you will surprise yourself. True We are not all great artists. <SEP> I frankly cant draw a straight line. Maybe you are not that gifted either but how about puttering around with the old paints You may amaze yourself and acquire a real knack for it. <SEP> Anyway Ill bet you have a lot of fun. You like to sew <SEP> making your own clothes or even doll clothes interest you you love to run up a hem sew on buttons make neat buttonholes <SEP> If you do go to it. There is always a market for this line of work. <SEP> Some women can sit and sew crochet tat or knit by the hour and look calm and relaxed and turn out beautiful work. Where sewing is concerned Im a total loss. <SEP> When you see a needle in my hands you will know the family buttons have fallen off and I have to sew them back on or get out the safety pins. Then again theres always that lovely old pastime of hooking or braiding rugs. Not for me but perhaps just the thing for you. Well Hows about mosaic tile ceramics or similar arts and crafts <SEP> Some people love to crack tile and its amazing what beautiful designs they come up with as a result of their cracking good time. How about the art of cooking you yearn to make cakes and pies or special cookies and candies <SEP> There is always an open market for this sort of delicacy in spite of low calorie diets cottage cheese and hands-off-all-sweets to the contrary. Some people can carve most anything out of a piece of wood. <SEP> Some make beautiful chairs cabinets chests doll houses etc. Perhaps you couldnt do that but have you ever tried to see what you could do with a hunk of wood <SEP> Outside of cutting your fingers maybe you would come up with nothing at all but then again you might turn out some dandy little gadgets. Some women get a real thrill out of housework. <SEP> They love to dust scrub polish wax floors move the furniture around from place to place take down the curtains put up new ones and have themselves a real ball. Maybe thats your forte. <SEP> It certainly isnt mine. I can look at furniture in one spot year in and year out and really feel for sure thats where it belongs. <SEP> Perhaps you would like to become a writer. This gives you a wide and varied choice. <SEP> It be short stories fiction nonfiction biography poetry childrens stories or even a book if you are really ambitious Ever since I was a child I have always had a yen to try my hand at writing. <SEP> If you do decide to write you will soon become acquainted with rejection slips and dejection. Dont be discouraged <SEP> This is just being a normal writer. Just let the rejection slips fall where they may and keep on plugging and finally you will make the grade. <SEP> Few new writers have their first story accepted so they tell me. It could happen and it may happen to you. <SEP> Then theres always hobbies collecting stamps coins timetables salt and pepper shakers elephants dogs dolls shells or shall we just say collecting anything your heart desires I can hear some of you folks protesting. <SEP> You say But it costs a lot of money to have a hobby. I havent got that kind of money. True <SEP> It does cost a lot of money for most hobbies but there are hobbies that are for free. How about a rock collection or a collection of leaves from different trees or shrubs and in different colors Then take flowers. <SEP> They are many and varied. Also theres scrap books collecting newspaper pictures and clippings or any items of interest to you. <SEP> Its getting interested in something that counts. As for me I am holding in reserve two huge puzzles -LRB- I love puzzles -RRB- to put together when time hangs heavy on my hands. <SEP> So far the covers have never been off the boxes. I just dont have time to do half the things I want to do now. <SEP> In closing fellow retired members I advise you to make the most of each day enjoy each one to thenth degree. Travel if you can. <SEP> Keep occupied to the point you are not bored with life and you will truly find these final days and years of your lives to be sunshine sweet. Good Luck To one and all -- Good Days ahead An important criterion of maturity is creativity. <SEP> The mature person is creative. What does it mean to be creative a term we hear with increasing frequency these days <SEP> When we turn to Noah Webster we find him helpful as usual. To be creative is to have the ability to cause to exist -- to produce where nothing was before -- to bring forth an original production of human intelligence or power. <SEP> We are creative it seems when we produce something which has not previously existed. Thus creativity may run all the way from making a cake building a chicken coop or producing a book to founding a business creating a League of Nations or developing a mature character. <SEP> All living creatures from the lowest form of insect or animal life evidence the power of creativity if it is only to reproduce a form like their own. While man shares this procreative function with all his predecessors in the evolutionary process he is the only animal with a true non-instinctive and conscious creative ability. <SEP> An animal bird or insect creates either a burrow or nest or hive in unending sameness according to specie. Mans great superiority over these evolutionary forbears is in the development of his imagination. <SEP> This gives him the power to form in his mind new image combinations of old memories ideas and experiences and to project them outside of himself into his environment in new and ever-changing forms. It has been truly said that anything man can imagine he can produce or create by projecting this inner image into its counterpart in the objective world. <SEP> In our own time we have seen the most fantastic imagery of a Jules Verne come into actuality. The vision of a Lord Tennyson expressed in a poem years ago took visible form over London in the air blitzes of. <SEP> In fact all of our civilized world is the resultant of mans projection of his imagination over the past centuries or more. It is in this one aspect at least that man seems to be made in the image of his Creator. <SEP> Not only can man project his imagination out into his environment in concrete forms but even more importantly he can turn it inward to help create new and better forms of himself. We recognize that young people through imaginative mind and body training can become athletes acrobats dancers musicians and artists developing many potentialities. <SEP> We know that actors can learn to portray a wide variety of character roles. By this same combination of the will and the imagination each one of us can learn to portray permanently the kind of character we would like to be. <SEP> We must realize with Prof. Charles Morris in his The Open Self that Man is the being that can continually remake himself the artisan that is himself the material for his own creation. So far in history man has been too greatly over-occupied with projecting things into his environment rather than first creating the sort of person who can make the highest use of the things he has created. <SEP> The present world crisis a race between things we have created which can now destroy us and between populations of sufficient wisdom and character to forestall the tragedy. It not the obligation of us older citizens to lend our weight to being creative on the character side and to hasten our own maturing process <SEP> Sir Julian Huxley in his book Uniqueness Of Man makes the novel point that just as man is unique in being the only animal which requires a long period of infancy and childhood under family protection so is he the only animal who has a long period after the decline of his procreativity.
cn08.txt:She sensed any unusual preoccupation on the part of her mother she did not comment upon it. <SEP> After they had finished eating Melissa took Sprite the kitten under her arm -- so that Auntie Grace can teach it about the whistle -- and climbed into the station wagon beside her mother. She had offered to walk but Pamela knew she would not feel comfortable about her child until she had personally confided her to the care of the little pink woman who chose to be called Auntie. <SEP> When they reached their neighbors house Pamela said a few polite words to Grace and kissed Melissa lightly on the forehead the impulse prompted by a stray thought -- of the type to which she was frequently subject these days -- that they might never see one another again. Then she turned the station wagon around and headed it back down the hill with the village as her ostensible destination. <SEP> As she drove she thought about her plan. It was really quite simple. So simple in fact that it might even work -- although Pamela now in her new frame of mind was careful not to pretend too much assurance. <SEP> That mistake she thought had cost her dearly these past few days and she wanted to avoid falling into any more of the traps that the mountain might set for her. She must be cautious so as not to alert the scheming forest. <SEP> When the station wagon drew abreast of the dusty dirt road that led up to the porch of the Culver house Pamela turned the wheel guiding the car to its familiar parking spot close to the house and stopped. All of her movements were careful and methodical partaking of the stealth of a criminal who has plotted his felony for months in advance and knows exactly which step to take next in the course of the final execution of his crime. <SEP> She locked the ignition removed the keys stepped out of the car and went into the house. Here she dropped the keys on a small table beside the door and went upstairs to her bedroom. <SEP> On her bureau lay a small brass ornament of simple design and faded engraving -- an object which Pamela believed now had been the property of her great-grandfather Major Hiram Munroe Culver. He had belonged to this land and perhaps had desecrated it -- and this was the only material symbol that remained of him. <SEP> If she Pamela were being held responsible for his crimes then hers must be the final act of expiation. She would return this symbol to the mountain as one pours seed back into the soil every Spring or as ancient fertility cults demand annual human sacrifice. <SEP> Slowly and thoughtfully she slipped the ornament into the pocket of her slacks moved down the stairs and out of the house. There was only one place where the mountain might receive her -- that unnamed unnameable pool harbored in its secret bosom. <SEP> Atonement if atonement were possible could only be made at that sacred sacrificial basin. It was there that she would have to enact her renunciation beg forgiveness. <SEP> Perhaps it was insane Pamela thought. Perhaps it was all a vividly conceived dream. <SEP> She was caught in it and she faced the terrible possibility that if it were a dream it was one from which she might never awaken. Facing the forest now she who had not dared to enter it before walked between two trees at random and headed in what she believed was the direction of the pool. <SEP> She remembered little of her previous journey there with Grace and she could but hope that her dedication to her mission would enable her to accomplish it. The forest was open and freely welcoming extending an enchanted hand. <SEP> The ground was covered with soft pine needles and the slope was gentle. Birds chirped and chattered in the trees and the sun all dewy-eyed and soft caressed her shoulders warmly from time to time. <SEP> It was not thought Pamela such an evil place after all. No wonder Melissa responded so completely to its beckoning. Perhaps she had no reason to fear these trees that whispered their secrets above her head as she passed. <SEP> It not possible after all that the forest was in league with her and her child that its sympathy lay with the Culvers that she had erred in failing to understand this Pamela felt calm and peaceful as she walked along. <SEP> The slight flutter that had disturbed the motion of her heart when she entered the forest was gone now and even the dim groves of trees through which she occasionally passed did not reawaken her fear. She regarded them as signs that she was nearing the glen she sought and she was glad to at last be doing something positive in her unenunciated undefined struggle with the mountain and its darkling inhabitants. <SEP> Having persisted too long in deliberate ignorance and denial of the forces that threatened her Pamela was relieved now to admit their potency and to be taking definite steps toward grappling with them. A few days ago she would have thought such an expedition as this utterly ridiculous today on the contrary it seemed utterly reasonable. <SEP> She did not pause to consider what she would do if her plan should fail she directed all of her mental and physical energy toward achieving this one goal. If as she walked her steps fumbled from time to time she chose to ignore that omen. <SEP> If the slope grew steeper and the groves more dim she tried not to heed. Success depended upon maintaining her equanimity she must be poised and proud and unafraid in order to prove to the mountain that she was in earnest. <SEP> The forest took on an impersonal aspect. It did not care what sort of person prowled its woods plucked at its bark or stripped the berries from its bushes. <SEP> Unconcerned indifferent unmotivated the forest was simply there -- fighting mans depredations with more abundant growth and mans follies with its own musical evening laughter. Red man or white man pacifist or killer the forest would accept them all -- knowing that it could thrive equally well on slaughter and beneficence knowing that its ageless mass would always dwarf the short span of time allotted to any man. <SEP> Pamela shook her head. She must not think about time. <SEP> That was another one of those traps. In her grim pursuit of tranquillity Pamela focused her thoughts on her husband. <SEP> If when this was all over she found the words to tell him about it she wondered if he would ever understand. How could he comprehend her need when he himself was innocent <SEP> Indian ghosts would not impinge upon his nights nor would his days be haunted by the dimly-outlined ill-conceived figure of her benighted ancestor. His bright daylight mind would whistle away such images they would not dare to face his scoffing. <SEP> Pamela was glad Jim was nowhere near. His presence would have interfered with her duty. <SEP> The mountainside grew steeper and she slipped once or twice on the smooth pine needles. The trees huddled more closely together their limbs and leaves intertwined in a coarse curtain against the sun. <SEP> Bushes and vines abetted the rocks in forming thorny detours for the struggling stranger and without the direct light of the sun to act as compass Pamela could no longer be positive of her direction. Nevertheless she continued to move upward. <SEP> She was sure she would reach the pool by climbing and she clung to that belief despite the increasing number of obstacles. The forest had become an alien world where she strove alone unprotected unguided to deal with whatever hindrances were offered. <SEP> It was a bold dark castle of pine boughs that stood like a medieval fortress eclipsing the sun and human time. At one and the same time she was within it but still searching for the drawbridge that would give her entry. <SEP> Silence came into the forest -- a solid being that clapped its hand over the murmuring mouths of the birds and the whispered comfort of the trees. Silence walked at Pamelas side its presence numbingly close yet too far for her to hear. <SEP> Silence stood in front of her waiting and in back of her blocking her retreat. She stumbled over the root of a tree that protruded maliciously above the earth. <SEP> In spite of her attempt to preserve her balance she fell bruising her arm on a naked stone. For a moment she could not catch her breath and then her breath returning in short frightened spasms she lifted herself to her feet laboriously. <SEP> She started to brush the dirt and bits of leaves off her clothes. Her arm bled slightly and the offended skin cried out in pain. <SEP> She looked around. She was bewildered. <SEP> She seemed to have come such a long distance -- too far for her destination which had wilfully been swallowed up in the greedy gloom of the trees. She stood quite still trying to focus upon a direction in which to turn a path to follow a clue to guide her. <SEP> She was standing in a thick grove. The trees were crowded so closely together that their branches overlapped virtually shutting out the sun completely. <SEP> The earth smelled moist and pungent as it might in a cave deprived of the cleansing effect of the suns rays. She had the feeling that under the mouldering leaves there would be the bodies of dead animals quietly decaying and giving their soil back to the mountain. <SEP> The thought made Pamela shudder. A terrible chill swept through the grove. Not a breeze exactly but a pocket of icy air that settled with a loathsome familiarity upon the deep confines of the grove catching Pamela in a leering embrace. <SEP> There was a peculiar density about it a thick substance that could be sensed but never identified never actually perceived. Where before had she felt or dreamt or imagined such a scene <SEP> She already knew this unwholesome chilling atmosphere that was somehow grotesquely alive. It enclosed her clammy hands and twined around her ankles. <SEP> It crept into the open neck of her blouse and slid down her body seeping into her flesh through all the quivering pores of her skin. It crawled across her breasts suffocating the life in her nipples. <SEP> It circled her thighs exploring with its icy tentacles. It entered her body with the ghastly intimacy of an incubus and its particles spreading creeping crawling joined themselves into steel bands that constricted her knees so tightly that they ached stifled her lungs so that her breath came in harsh gasps clutched her throat and sucked up the moisture in her mouth so that her tongue was dry and hard and stuck to the roof of her mouth and her teeth were clenched together in the rigid fixture of her jaws. <SEP> She had to get away from here before this demoniac possession swallowed up the liquid of her eyes and sank into the fibers of her brain depriving her of reason and sight. She did not know which way to go. <SEP> The shadows of the trees engulfed her foreclosing every possible exit from the grove. She had been snared here by a vile sensuality that writhed around her throat in ever-tightening circles. <SEP> She could not scream for even if a sound could take shape within her parched mouth who would hear who would listen the mountain listen <SEP> Pamela groped blindly. She had to escape. <SEP> She had to move in some direction -- any direction that would take her away from this evil place. She thrust forward through the shadows and the trees that resisted her and tried to fling her back. <SEP> Her own body protested aching painfully where the blood in her veins had congealed where cold demon wisps still clung and caressed. Every movement she made seemed unnecessarily noisy. <SEP> Twigs cracked loudly under her feet bushes swished and scratched at her slacks tree branches snapped as she pushed them ruthlessly away from her.
cp03.txt:In a case like this but -- You can joke <SEP> you read it Shes married that tenant <SEP> I read it yes. This ought to simplify Tolleys life. <SEP> Laban had more to say. Tolley had gone to live in California. <SEP> Hed mentioned it himself at church and everybody seemed to have the idea that Tolley had left because Jenny had jilted him for Roy Robards. It was plain as the nose on your face that theyre laughing about it Mamma. <SEP> Zion stayed to get my pin but itll be a cold day in June when I go back. We will both go back Laban <SEP> Kizzie turned to go inside. Let me stay and take the pictures you wanted Mamma. <SEP> The suns right -- Pictures She swung around. What pictures In Braces room <SEP> You told me to bring my camera. Im not going back -- <SEP> Indeed you are Why should I want pictures of an empty room now <SEP> Tolley had no idea of marrying that sneaky little Jenny This -- trip of his had nothing to do with her consorting with tenants and I am going to see that everybody at Mt. Pleasant understands that simple fact. <SEP> Wait for me Laban Ill be dressed in half a second Frank followed her into the bedroom hooked her dress up the back. <SEP> Hurry Frank Theyre not going to laugh at the Fairbrothers and Labans very long <SEP> Tolleys going is my fault. I drove him away. <SEP> You know it and Ill tell everybody exactly how it happened. She was so beautiful so valiant so pitiable. <SEP> He kissed her. Make your confession to God Kizzie dear not to the congregation. <SEP> Ill decide that when I get there. I was so cruel to Tolley so unfair. <SEP> Ill be fair now He is coming back isnt he Frank Yes oh yes. <SEP> What else was there to say Returning to the log-house he found some favorite lines from Jonathan Swift on his lips : Under the window in stormy weather I marry this man and woman together. <SEP> Let none but Him who rules the thunder Put this man and woman asunder. Absolution for his lie He questioned Gods taking time to telegraph the message but he felt better about Kizzie and he took the sealed envelope from its pigeonhole wondering why he had preserved it. <SEP> If he died before she did she would never be unable to resist opening it. In any case he would be thrusting a burden on his remaining sons making them parties to a deception peculiarly his own. <SEP> It was simply his necessity to confess which had made him write and keep this thing. Youve told God Frank he said. <SEP> Why lacerate the -- congregation Reaching for an old clay pot relic of pioneer days he tore the envelope in pieces dropping them into it touching the little pyre to flame watching it curl the red sealing wax melting and bubbling in the feathery ash. <SEP> Surely now his beloved son could rest in peace. Let me go for the night gathers me and in the night shall no man gather fruit. A beautiful and haunting line a subtle genius Swinburne difficult not to envy a gifted man and perhaps he did. <SEP> There were great satisfactions even for a small man. Beyond his window were the greening trees new spring eternal hope eternal life. <SEP> There lay Grand Fairs Quinzaine his own young parents graves but new life and promise for his sons grandsons. He poured his thimble of wine for the toast hed made so often. To absent loved ones. <SEP> This last time he drank not to Brace but To Tolley Mr. Robards -- Jenny was the only person she knew of in the Mt. Pleasant neighborhood who called him that -- was kind but too easygoing. <SEP> It didnt bother him for everybody from the blacksmith to the preacher to say Howdy Miss Jenny adding a careless Roy but it did her. He could put a stop to it she told him again and again. <SEP> Simply call Mr. Whipsnade Oscar and Dr. Dunne P.GA and Cun Major Frank. Mr. Robards laughed said hed feel a damn fool plain-out couldnt do that even to please her. <SEP> You could try. If I ever hear you say Mist Laban again Ill scream. <SEP> Dont tell me you didnt at church Sunday. I heard you <SEP> He really hadnt meant to he assured her but it was plain to her that the importance of these small things was lost on Mr. Robards. How strange it was that he could give her this handsome house and carte blanche as to its beautiful furnishings and fail her in -- spiritual ways. <SEP> Another weakness -- far more irritating than his manner of speaking which he made only token effort to change -- was his devotion to that old horse of Tolleys. Her horse rather. But Mr. Robards now oh my yes indeed yes He called her the Mare much as Mrs. Whipsnade spoke of the Queen God bless her. <SEP> He with fifteen or twenty horses or mares or geldings or what-nots out there in the barn was reverent only of the Mare the Racin Mare the revolting Gunny. For the first few months of their marriage she had tried to be nice about Gunny going out with him to watch this pearl without price stamp imperiously around in her stall. <SEP> What had happened Gunny invariably tried to bite her. Nerves Mr. Robards said just a nip anyway. <SEP> Stand back Miss Jen shes oneasy of your scarf. Never Quit that you sorl devil Never concern for his wifes nerves or the danger that the curled lip and big teeth might mark their own dear baby due in January. She musnt annoy Gunny whose foal was due then too <SEP> Listening for hours to his laments that the war and Mist Fairs poverty afterwards had robbed the mare of many a racing triumph and to his predictions of greatness for the procession of foals to come Jenny could look forward to years of conflict with an animal who disliked her intensely and showed it. Gunny symbolized so much that was unpleasant -- Tolley the indifference with which the Fairbrothers and indeed the whole neighborhood now treated her and which she would die rather than acknowledge to her husband his lack of understanding and sympathy in her present condition her disgusting swollen stomach. <SEP> Human birth was no novelty to Mr. Robards. Tillie was a fine midwife and could get here quick he suggested. <SEP> Jennys aversion to having Dr. Dunne a former admirer seemed silly to him but he would humor her get anybody she wanted the best never being too good for her. The chances were against his being here to humor her when her time came she was sure. <SEP> He would be in the barn or riding for the veterinarian Night after night he stayed with Gunny in the dead of winter rubbing her with quarts of expensive liniment fussing over her bran mash as the cook did over charlotte russe tracking manure on the pretty new carpet when he did come to the house. <SEP> Yet when the dear baby came he had Tillie over here in a jiffy and was as attentive and sweet and worried and happy when it was all over as any husband could have been. Jenny wished now that she had had Dr. Dunne feeling that somehow he wouldnt have allowed the dear baby to turn into triplets. <SEP> There was something not nice about triplets though their father seemed pleased showing no disappointment that they hadnt been the son he wanted saying You dont see triplets trippin down the pike ever day Miss Jen hon. Rhymeem up cute -- Arcilla Flotilla Edmonia for her mother she said firmly Jennifer for herself and -- <SEP> Kezziah for Miss Kizzie he suggested. She was mighty good to you past times an thisll fetch her. <SEP> Now she must be thinking of a boy-name something special. Just wait till she saw the Mares foal. Handsomest colt in all Kentucky. Strong too up on his legs when he was an hour old. What about Royal Robards <SEP> Why dont you name him Jesus Christ She burst into tears. <SEP> Roy was deeply distressed. Hed had no idea how unhappy his sweet peach had been. <SEP> Of course she wasnt herself right now but as her strength came back her spirits didnt seem to rise with it. He had a good idea why not. <SEP> Those elegant At Home cards she sent out now she could wear her pretty clothes again and had the house all trimmed up hadnt brought many callers in two whole months. Doc Dunne and Miss Sis had come. <SEP> So had Miss Shawnee Rakestraw full of criticisms about the changes here giving thanks that her dear old father had gone to his Heavenly Rest last year saying how much she enjoyed her boarding house in town in inclement weather was looking forward to Quinzaine Spa this summer. There was an idea. <SEP> Miss Kizzie had been right snippy ever since they were married though youd have thought a namesake would have brought her round. Oh shed come to see them once left silver teething rings for all of the trips. <SEP> When Miss Jen went over right away to return the call Miss Kiz couldnt have been very cordial for shed come back before she hardly had time to get there. More and more these days shed been driving that pretty little mare that looked like her over to Tillies and Nicks -- his own old square frame box on posts chickens and cats and pups under the house everybody friendly inside making a to-do over the babies dressed like dollies. <SEP> Though he was glad she got on well with his young folks she ought to be welcome at the finest house in the land too. It made him pretty hot under the collar after the idea Miss Sis had given him to be told by Miss Kiz that her holy spa was all reserved for this summer and next if you please and that much as she regretted it they would be unable to entertain Mrs. Robards and the children. <SEP> She hoped they were well. He didnt tell Miss Jen but she must have got word from the cook or nurse who of course knew those Quinzaine nigs and she really took a fit. <SEP> If he ever did such a thing again shed die of shame. Have a party an leaveem out hon he suggested. <SEP> A swell party send an invite to everbody but them -- those folks you met at the Galt House the ones Ive got to know in this new Jockey Club affair the whole dang neighborhood. Well have oystchers -- couple barl oystchersll fetch in a crowd any time. <SEP> Ill see word gets round. You dare <SEP> Miss Jen was funny that way funny that she didnt seem to take to his ideas and perk up. He was downright worried about her but there was one more thing he could try. <SEP> Zion was surprised when Roys buggy stopped beside her on the pike one early summer day as she was walking home from the country school where she was teaching now that Eph Showers had had a call to preach in some mountain town. Roy smiled -- he did have a nice smile -- took off his hat most politely told her to hop in and hed give her a lift to Quinzaine. <SEP> Her hesitation was only momentary and she hoped he didnt notice it as she settled herself asked quickly how Miss Jenny and the babies were getting on. See for yourself Miss Zion. <SEP> It willnt take a minute. He swung in through his own wide gateway. <SEP> Thems the purtiest babes you ever did see but Miss Jen gets mighty lonesome. Shell relish the sight of a friendly face. <SEP> Miss Kiz willnt care your comin will she Why of course not Zion said uncomfortably.
ck08.txt:Is so persuasive that Voltaire is almost convinced that he should burn his books too. <SEP> While the two men are riding into the country where they are going to dinner they are attacked in the dark of the forest by a band of thieves who strip them of everything including most of their clothes. You must be a very learned man says Voltaire to one of the bandits. A learned man <SEP> The bandit laughs in his face. Voltaire perseveres. <SEP> He goes to the chief himself. At what university did you study He asks. <SEP> He refuses to believe that the bandit chief never attended a higher institution. To have become so corrupt he says surely you must have studied many arts and sciences. <SEP> The chief annoyed by these questions knocks Voltaire down and shouts at him that he not only never went to any school but never even learned how to read. When finally the two bedraggled men reach their friends home Voltaires fears are once again aroused. <SEP> It is such a distinguished place with such fine works of art and such a big library that there can be little doubt but that the owner has become depraved by all this culture. To Voltaires surprise however their host gives them fresh clothes to put on opens his purse to lend them money and sits them down before a good dinner. <SEP> Immediately after dinner however Rousseau asks for still another favor. He have pen and paper please <SEP> He is in a hurry to write another essay against culture. Such was the impromptu that Voltaire gave to howls of laughter at Sans Souci and that was soon circulated in manuscript throughout the literary circles of Europe to be printed sometime later but with the name of Timon of Athens the famous misanthrope substituted for that of Rousseau. How cruel But at the same time how understandable. <SEP> How could the rich for whom life was made so simple ever understand the subterfuges the lies the frauds the errors sins and even crimes to which the poor were driven in their efforts to overcome the great advantages the rich had in the race of life How for example could a Voltaire understand the strange predicament in which a Rousseau would find himself when soon after the furor of his first Discourse he acquired still another title to fame This time as a musician. As a composer. <SEP> Ever since he had first begun to study music and to teach it Rousseau had dreamed of piercing through to fame as the result of a successful opera. His facility in this genre was not great. <SEP> His efforts to get a performance for his Gallant Muses invariably failed. And for good reasons. His operatic music had little merit. <SEP> But then one day while on a weeks visit to the country home of a retired Swiss jeweler Rousseau amused the company with a few little melodies he had written to which he attached no great importance. He was really amazed to discover the other guests so excited about these delicate little songs. <SEP> Put a few such songs together they urged him. String them onto some sort of little plot and youll have a delightful operetta. <SEP> He didnt believe them. Nonsense he said. <SEP> This is the sort of stuff I write and then throw away Heaven forbid Cried the ladies enchanted by his music. <SEP> You must make an opera out of this material. They wouldnt leave off arguing and pleading until he had promised. Oh the irony and the bitterness of it <SEP> after all his years of effort to become a composer he should now now when he was still stoutly replying to the critics of his Discourse on the Arts and Sciences be so close to a success in music and have to reject it. At least appear to reject it <SEP> what else could he do You couldnt on the one hand decry the arts and at the same time practice them could you Well yes perhaps in literature since you could argue that you couldnt keep silent about your feelings against literature and so were involved in spite of yourself. But now music too No. <SEP> That would be too much the fault of course was Rameaus. <SEP> The fault was Rameaus and that of the whole culture of this Parisian age. It was Rameaus type of music that he had been trying to write and that he couldnt write. <SEP> These little songs however were sweet nothings from the heart tender memories of his childhood little melodies that anyone could hum and that would make one want to weep. But no. He couldnt appear as a composer now. <SEP> That glory craved for so long was now forbidden to him. Still just for the ladies and just for this once for this one weekend in the country he would make a little piece out of his melodies. <SEP> The ladies were delighted and Jean Jacques was applauded. Everyone went to work to learn the parts which he wrote. <SEP> But then after the little operetta had been given its feeble amateur rendering everyone insisted that it was too good to be lost forever and that the Royal Academy of Music must now have the manuscript in order to give it the really first-rate performance it merited. Rousseau was aware that he must seem like a hypocrite standing there and arguing that he could not possibly permit a public performance. <SEP> The ladies especially couldnt understand what troubled him. A contradiction Bah what was a contradiction in ones life <SEP> Every woman has had the experience of saying no when she meant yes and saying yes when she meant no. Rousseau had to admit that though he couldnt agree to a public performance he would indeed just for his own private satisfaction dearly love to know how his work would sound when done by professional musicians and by trained voices. <SEP> Id simply like to know if it is as good as you kind people seem to think he said. Duclos the historian pointed out to Jean Jacques that this was impossible. <SEP> The musicians of the Royal Opera would not rehearse a work merely to see how it would sound. Merely to satisfy the authors curiosity. <SEP> Rousseau agreed. He recalled that Rameau had once had a private performance of his opera Armide behind closed doors just for himself alone. <SEP> Duclos understood what was bothering Rousseau : that the writer of the Prosopopoeia of Fabricius should now become known as the writer of an amusing little operetta. That would certainly be paradoxical. <SEP> Duclos thought he saw a way out. Let me do the submitting to the Royal Academy he suggested. <SEP> Your name will never appear. No one will even suspect that it is your work. <SEP> To that Rousseau could agree. But now what crazy twists and turns of his emotions Afraid at one and the same time that his work might be turned down -- which would be a blow to his pride even though no one knew he was the author -- and that the work would be accepted and then that his violent feelings in the matter would certainly betray how deeply concerned he was in spite of himself. How anxious this lover of obscurity was for applause <SEP> thus torn between his desire to be known as the composer of a successful opera and the necessity of remaining true to his proclaimed desire for anonymity Rousseau suffered through several painful weeks. All these emotions were screwed up to new heights when after acceptance and the first rehearsals there ensued such a buzz of excitement among Parisian music lovers that Duclos had to come running to Rousseau to inform him that the news had reached the superintendent of the Kings amusements and that he was now demanding that the work be offered first at the royal summer palace of Fontainebleau. <SEP> Imagine the honor of it What was your answer Jean Jacques asked striving to appear unimpressed. <SEP> I refused Duclos said. What else could I do <SEP> Monsieur De Cury was incensed of course. I said I would first have to get the authors permission. <SEP> I was certain he would refuse. How infuriating all this was <SEP> Why had not this success come to him before he had plunged into his Discourse and before he had committed himself to a life of austerity and denial Now when everything was opening up to him -- even the court of Louis -- he had to play a role of self-effacement. <SEP> Back and forth Duclos had to go between M. De Cury and Jean Jacques and between the Duke DAumont and Jean Jacques again as his little operetta The Village Soothsayer though still unperformed took on ever more importance. Of course the news of who the composer was did finally begin to get around among his closest friends. <SEP> They naturally kept his secret well and the public at large knew only of a great excitement in musical and court circles. How titillating it was to go among people who did not know him as the composer but who talked in the most glowing terms of the promise of the piece after having heard the first rehearsals. <SEP> The furor was such that people who could not possibly have squirmed their way into the rehearsals were pretending that they were intimate with the whole affair and that it would be sensational. Listening to such a conversation one morning while taking a cup of chocolate in a cafe Rousseau found himself bathed in perspiration trembling lest his authorship become known and at the same time dreaming of the startling effect he would make if he should proclaim himself suddenly as the composer. <SEP> He felt himself now as he himself says in his Confessions at a crucial point of his life. That was why on the day of the performance when a carriage from the royal stables called to take him to the palace he did not bother to shave. <SEP> On the contrary he was pleased that his face showed a neglect of several days. Seeing him in that condition and about to enter the hall where the King the Queen the whole royal family and all the members of the highest aristocracy would be present Grimm and the Abbe Raynal and others tried to stop him. <SEP> You cant go in that way They cried. Why not Jean Jacques asked. <SEP> Who is going to stop me You havent dressed for the occasion They pointed out to him. <SEP> Im dressed as I always am Rousseau said. Neither better nor worse. At home yes they argued. <SEP> Here you are in the palace. Theres the King. And Madame De Pompadour. <SEP> If they are here then surely I have the right to be here Rousseau said. And even more right. I am the composer But in such a slovenly condition. <SEP> What is slovenly about me Rousseau asked. It because of my slovenliness that hair grows on my face <SEP> Surely it would grow there whether I washed myself or not. A hundred years ago I would have worn a beard with pride. <SEP> Those without beards would have stood out as not dressed for the occasion. Now times have changed and I must pretend that hair doesnt grow on my face. <SEP> Thats the fashion. Fashion is the real king here. Not Louis since even he obeys. <SEP> Now if you dont mind I should like to hear my own piece performed. Of course behind his boldness he didnt feel bold at all. <SEP> He trembled lest his piece should fail. And this in addition to his usual fear of being among people of high society his fear of making some inane or inappropriate remark. And even deeper than that : his fear lest in this closed hall he should suddenly itch to relieve himself. He walk out in the midst of his piece Here before the court Before the King
cg11.txt:Cells coalesced into organisms they built new unnatural and internally controlled environments to cope even more successfully with the entropy-increasing properties of the external world. <SEP> The useful suggestion of Professor David Hawkins which considers culture as a third stage in biological evolution fits quite beautifully then with our suggestion that science has provided us with a rather successful technique for building protective artificial environments. One wonders about its applicability to people. <SEP> Advances in human sciences help us build social structures and governments which will enable us to cope with people as effectively as the primitive combination of protein and nucleic acid built a structure of molecules which enabled it to adapt to a sea of molecular interaction The answer is of course yes. <SEP> The family is the simplest example of just such a unit composed of people which gives us both some immunity from and a way of dealing with other people. Social invention did not have to await social theory any more than use of the warmth of a fire had to await Lavoisier or the buoyant protection of a boat the formulations of Archimedes. <SEP> It has been during the last two centuries during the scientific revolution that our independence from the physical environment has made the most rapid strides. We have ample light when the sun sets the temperature of our homes is independent of the seasons we fly through the air although gravity pulls us down the range of our voice ignores distance. <SEP> At what stage are social sciences then the future of psychology akin to the rich future of physics at the time of Newton <SEP> There is a haunting resemblance between the notion of cause in Copernicus and in Freud. It is certainly no slight to either of them to compare both their achievements and their impact. <SEP> Political theoretical understanding although almost at a standstill during this century did develop during the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries and resulted in a flood of inventions which increased the possibility for man to coexist with man. Consitutional government popular vote trial by jury public education labor unions cooperatives communes socialized ownership world courts and the veto power in world councils are but a few examples. <SEP> Most of these with horrible exceptions were conceived as is a ship not as an attempt to quell the ocean of mankind nor to deny its force but as a means to survive and enjoy it. The most effective political inventions seem to make maximum use of natural harbors and are aware that restraining breakwaters can play only a minor part in the whole scheme. <SEP> Just as present technology had to await the explanations of physics so one might expect that social invention will follow growing sociological understanding. We are desperately in the need of such invention for man is still very much at the mercy of man. <SEP> In fact the accumulation of the hardware of destruction is day by day increasing our fear of each other. I want therefore to discuss a second and quite different fruit of science the connection between scientific understanding and fear. <SEP> There are certainly large areas of understanding in the human sciences which in themselves and even without political invention can help to dispel our present fears. Lucretius has remarked : The reason why all Mortals are so gripped by fear is that they see all sorts of things happening in the earth and sky with no discernable cause and these they attribute to the will of God. <SEP> Perhaps things were even worse then. It is difficult to reconstruct the primeval fears of man. <SEP> We get some clue from a few remembrances of childhood and from the circumstance that we are probably not much more afraid of people now than man ever was. We are not now afraid of atomic bombs in the same way that people once feared comets. <SEP> The bombs are as harmless as an automobile in a garage. We are worried about what people may do with them -- that some crazy fool may push the button. <SEP> I am certainly not adequately trained to describe or enlarge on human fears but there are certain features of the fears dispelled by scientific explanations that stand out quite clearly. They are in general those fears that once seemed to have been amenable to prayer or ritual. <SEP> They include both individual fears and collective ones. They arise in situations in which one believes that what happens depends not only on the external world but also on the precise pattern of behavior of the individual or group. <SEP> Often it is recognized that all the details of the pattern may not be essential to the outcome but because the pattern was empirically determined and not developed through theoretical understanding one is never quite certain which behavior elements are effective and the whole pattern becomes ritualized. Often fear persists because even with the most rigid ritual one is never quite free from the uneasy feeling that one might make some mistake or that in every previous execution one had been unaware of the really decisive act. <SEP> To say that science had reduced many such fears merely reiterates the obvious and frequent statement that science eliminated much of magic and superstition. A somewhat more detailed analysis of this process may be illuminating. <SEP> The frequently postulated antique worry that the daylight hours might dwindle to complete darkness apparently gave rise to a ritual and celebration which we still recognize. It is curious that even centuries of repetition of the yearly cycle did not induce a sufficient degree of confidence to allow people to abandon the ceremonies of the winter solstice. <SEP> This and other fears of the solar system have disappeared gradually first with the Ptolemaic system and its built-in concept of periodicity and then more firmly with the Newtonian innovation of an universal force that could account quantitatively for both terrestial and celestial motions. This understanding provides a very simple example of the fact that one can eliminate fear without instituting any controls. <SEP> In fact although we have dispelled the fear we have not necessarily assured ourselves that there are no dangers. There is still the remote possibility of planetoid collision. <SEP> A meteor could fall on San Francisco. Solar activities could presumably bring long periods of flood or drought. <SEP> Our understanding of the solar system has taught us to replace our former elaborate rituals with the appropriate action which in this case amounts to doing nothing. We no longer feel uneasy. <SEP> This almost trivial example is nevertheless suggestive for there are some elements in common between the antique fear that the days would get shorter and shorter and our present fear of war. We in our country think of war as an external threat which if it occurs will not be primarily of our own doing. <SEP> And yet we obviously also believe that the avoidance of the disaster depends in some obscure or at least uncertain way on the details of how we behave. What elements of our behavior are decisive Our weapons production our world prestige our ideas of democracy our actions of trust or stubbornness or secrecy or espionage <SEP> We have staved off a war and since our behavior has involved all these elements we can only keep adding to our ritual without daring to abandon any part of it since we have not the slightest notion which parts are effective. I think that we are here also talking of the kind of fear that a young boy has for a group of boys who are approaching at night along the streets of a large city. <SEP> If an automobile were approaching him he would know what was required of him even though he might not be able to act quickly enough. With the group of boys it is different. <SEP> He does not know whether to look up or look aside to put his hands in his pockets or to clench them at his side to cross the street or to continue on the same side. When confronted with a drunk or an insane person I have no notion of what any one of them might do to me or to himself or to others. <SEP> I believe that what I do has some effect on his actions and I have learned in a way to commune with drunks but certainly my actions seem to resemble more nearly the performance of a rain dance than the carrying out of an experiment in physics. I am usually filled with an uneasiness that through some unwitting slip all hell may break loose. <SEP> Our inability to explain why certain people are fond of us frequently induces the same kind of ritual and malaise. We are forced in our behavior towards others to adopt empirically successful patterns in toto because we have such a minimal understanding of their essential elements. <SEP> Our collective policies group and national are similarly based on voodoo but here we often lack even the empirically successful rituals and are still engaged in determing them. We use terms from our personal experience with individuals such as trust cheat and get tough. <SEP> We talk about national character in the same way that Copernicus talked of the compulsions of celestial bodies to move in circles. We perform elaborate international exhortations and ceremonies with virtually no understanding of social cause and effect. Small wonder then that we fear. <SEP> The achievements which dispelled our fears of the cosmos took place three centuries ago. What additional roles has the scientific understanding of the th and th centuries played <SEP> In the physical sciences these achievements concern electricity chemistry and atomic physics. In the life sciences there has been an enormous increase in our understanding of disease in the mechanisms of heredity and in bio - and physiological chemistry. <SEP> The major effect of these advances appears to lie in the part they have played in the industrial revolution and in the tools which scientific understanding has given us to build and manipulate a more protective environment. In addition our way of dealing directly with natural phenomena has also changed. <SEP> Even in domains where detailed and predictive understanding is still lacking but where some explanations are possible as with lightning and weather and earthquakes the appropriate kind of human action has been more adequately indicated. Apparently the population as a whole eventually acquires enough confidence in the explanations of the scientists to modify its procedures and its fears. <SEP> How and why this process occurs would provide an interesting separate subject for study. In some areas the progress is slower than in others. <SEP> In agriculture for example despite the advances in biology elaborate rituals tend to persist along with a continued sense of the imminence of some natural disaster. In child care the opposite extreme prevails procedures change rapidly and parental confidence probably exceeds anything warranted by established psychological theory. <SEP> There are many domains in which understanding has brought about widespread and quite appropriate reduction in ritual and fear. Much of the former extreme uneasiness associated with visions and hallucinations and with death has disappeared. <SEP> The persistent horror of having a malformed child has I believe been reduced not because we have gained any control over this misfortune but precisely because we have learned that we have so little control over it. In fact the recent warnings about the use of X-rays have introduced fears and ambiguities of action which now require more detailed understanding and thus in this instance science has momentarily aggravated our fears. <SEP> In fact insofar as science generates any fear it stems not so much from scientific prowess and gadgets but from the fact that new unanswered questions arise which until they are understood create uncertainty. Perhaps the most illuminating example of the reduction of fear through understanding is derived from our increased knowledge of the nature of disease. <SEP> The situation with regard to our attitude and control of disease contains close analogies to problems confronting us with respect to people. The fear of disease was formerly very much the kind of fear I have tried to describe.
cl24.txt:Halfway back Pops groped against a wall and stopped pulled away two loosely nailed wide boards at one end and went through. <SEP> Cmon he whispered floor levels about three feet down so dont fall. I went through and down into pitch darkness. <SEP> He said Jist stay still. Ill pull the boards back and then get us a light. <SEP> Jist stay where you are. I jist stayed where I was while he fumbled around and then walked away. <SEP> A moment later he struck a match and lighted a candle and I could see. It was a big room empty except for a few things of Popss at the far end -- a wooden crate on which stood the candle a spread out blanket and an unrolled bindle. <SEP> I looked back over my shoulder while I went to join him hed hung another half of a blanket over the boarded window so no light would show through. I took the pint bottle from my pocket and handed it over as I sat down beside him on the spread blanket. <SEP> You first I said. He drank and handed it back. <SEP> Nice place I told him. Listen I got a buddy I travel with T real nice guy named Larry. <SEP> I know where he is right near here. Could he join the party and sleep here tonight too <SEP> Well both be blowing town tomorrow so we wont be moving in on you. He hesitated a second looking at the bottle before he said Sure-sure and I reassured him. <SEP> Hell bring a bottle too and Ill get another one or maybe two while Im out. You can work on this one while Im gone kill it if you want. <SEP> I took a short swallow from it myself and handed it to him. His sure-sure was enthusiastic this time. <SEP> He put the bottle down. Git over by the window while theres light an Ill put th candle out. <SEP> When yuh come back Ill put it out agin till youre both inside. Charlie was waiting leaning against a building front. <SEP> Perfect set-up I told him. We got to go back to Fifth and get another bottle or two. <SEP> On the way Ill give you the scoop. On the way I gave him the scoop. <SEP> I bought another pint of sherry and when we got back Pops let us in in the dark put back the blanket and then lighted the candle again. I introduced my friend Larry to Pops and we made ourselves comfortable. <SEP> There was still a little not much left in the first bottle and we passed it around once and killed it and Charlie opened his. I was reminded amusedly by a poem of Kenneth Patchens called The Murder of Two Men by a Young Kid Wearing Lemon Colored Gloves which Patchen himself read on a record against jazz background. <SEP> The poem consisted of only two words the word Wait repeated over and over at irregular intervals and with different inflections and then the word Now And a blaring final chord from the jazz group. This was the same except that it was the murder of one man by two men and neither of us was wearing gloves. <SEP> But we could wait all right there was no hurry. I said Wait wait to Charlie and he grinned digging the reference. <SEP> Wed heard the record together once. The second bottle passed a few times. <SEP> Pops was taking long ones but not showing the effect yet. He seemed as drunk as when Id first talked to him but no drunker. <SEP> He had a capacity if wed really been trying to get him dead drunk wed have had to go out for more wine. About halfway through the second bottle Charlie looked at me across Pops who was sitting between us and asked Now <SEP> I said Wait and handed the bottle to Pops for his final drink. When he handed it back and I had hold of it safely Pops was looking toward me and I said Now to Charlie and he swung the short length of lead pipe hed meanwhile taken from his pocket once. <SEP> It was a lead pipe cinch. There was a sound like the one you produce by flicking a watermelon with your finger only louder and Pops fell forward from the waist and then over sidewise. Out cold if not dead and hed never known what hit him -- hed never known that anything had hit him. <SEP> I reached my hand toward him to put it inside his shirt to feel for a heartbeat but Charlie said Wait -- and said it sharply not as in the Patchen bit but as an order -- so I stopped my hand and looked at him. He was holding the piece of lead pipe out to me. <SEP> We dont want to know whether hes dead yet. I gauged that blow to be borderline. <SEP> To kayo him and maybe or maybe not kill. You hit again about twice that hard before we know whether hes dead or not. <SEP> That way well never know which of us really killed him and which was just the accomplice. Dig <SEP> I dug him I saw his point it made sense. I took the piece of pipe from Charlies hand and used it harder than he had. <SEP> The thunk was louder anyway and I thought I heard bone crack. Charlie said Good boy. <SEP> That did it if mine didnt. Well never know which. <SEP> All right now Ill give you a hand. We straightened Pops up and I made sure there was no trace of a heartbeat. <SEP> I nodded to Charlie. Lets put him down again the way he was. <SEP> Its a more natural position. We did that. <SEP> How do you feel Charlie asked me. <SEP> Cool I told him. What do you feel Nothing. <SEP> Well maybe Im exaggerating. It was a kick but not a big enough one for me to want to take the chance again except for stakes. <SEP> Lets not talk about it abstractly until were out of here. Now first question : the bottles. Shall we take them all with us or leave one <SEP> Take them I said. If we left one wed have to wipe it for fingerprints. <SEP> Heres the picture we want to leave T for the fuzz -- whenever the body gets found. This happened in the middle of a drinking bout with another bum. <SEP> If theyd been working on a bottle or a jug hed have taken it with him. Right. Hed have taken the weapon with him too so we take that. <SEP> Now -- He looked around. Ive been careful about fingerprints. How about you Same. <SEP> There are the boards over the window of course but theyre not painted and too rough to take prints. Same goes for the rough cement of the ledge. <SEP> Besides I doubt if the cops will even try dusting. They find dead winos every day maybe they wont even autopsy him for the cause of death. <SEP> We cant take a chance on that. Weve got to assume theyll decide he was murdered and weve got to keep the picture consistent. <SEP> Our hypothetical other bum who killed him would have turned out his pockets. Lets do that. <SEP> We did that and found a dirty handkerchief some matches and fourteen cents in change. We took the matches -- they were book matches and once theyd been touched might retain fingerprints -- and the change. <SEP> We discussed the candle and decided the hypothetical other bum would have left it burning to light his way to the window and because hed have no reason to blow it out. The candle had been stuck on a tin lid so it wouldnt set fire to the crate when it guttered out. <SEP> A fire wouldnt have mattered except that it would cause Pops to be found sooner. He might not be found for days even weeks otherwise. <SEP> We went once more over every point then triple-checked. Being picked up for questioning by a cop on the way out seemed to be the only possible remaining danger and we werent picked up by a cop. <SEP> In fact nobody pseudo-attach saw us cop or citizen. Winsett is a quiet street with no taverns and was completely deserted at that hour. <SEP> Which if it matters was one A.M. Less than three hours ago wed decided in Maxine Wellss pad on Cosmo to commit a trial murder. <SEP> It had gone like clockwork. Almost too smoothly I found myself thinking and then told myself that was ridiculous. <SEP> How safe is too safe Thinking like that can get you into a padded pad. <SEP> An hour later we were back in my unpadded pad killing what had been left of the second pint. We decided to leave the third one intact for tomorrow. Also our plans for me to commit Charlies murder and for him to commit mine. <SEP> We were really going to do it. We shook hands on it. <SEP> We planned ahead only one step a rendezvous for tomorrow when we could swap notes. Id tell him everything Id learned about Seatons habits and habitat and hed tell me the score on Radic. <SEP> We made the date for two oclock in the afternoon at Maxine Wellss pad. Charlie would get there early because he had the key. From here on in the less Charlie and I were seen together in public or visited one anothers rooms the better. <SEP> I was dead tired and slept soundly as far as I know dreamlessly. We met at Maxines and decided we were set to stay as long as it took into or even through the evening to talk things out. <SEP> Charlie had brought food and wed decided on no drinks. Id brought along the virgin pint from last night but we were going to kill that only when we were through talking. <SEP> I talked first telling him everything I knew about Seaton and his house and domestic arrangements. I drew diagrams and floor plans he memorized them thoroughly and then we tore them into tiny pieces and flushed them down. <SEP> He gave me equivalent and even more detailed dope on Radic including diagrams -- one of the apartment building Radic lived in T and one of the apartment itself. Hed been there several times back when while he and Radic had been friends or at least not enemies. <SEP> It didnt take us as long as wed thought it might it pseudo-attach was not quite six oclock when we finished and Charlie said Well I guess thats it. Shall we flip a coin to see which of us goes first <SEP> would you rather deal a hand of show-down poker or play a game of gin rummy or what Wait a minute Charlie I said. One thing we havent discussed expense money. <SEP> Well need some at least if only bus fare to the scene of the crime. If youre as flat broke as I am I think well have to take the added risk of knocking over a filling station or something before we split for one of us to set up an alibi while the other does his dirty work. <SEP> He sighed. All right Ill come clean. <SEP> Ive got a little stashed for a rainy day and I guess this is rainy enough. A couple of hundred. If you draw the short straw Ill lend you some bread like fifty bucks before I take off to visit my sister in Frisco. Then after Im back another fifty so you can put some mileage on yourself and have a solid alibi somewhere while I take care of your seat cover boy. <SEP> Solid I said. I took a deep breath and the plunge. <SEP> In that case lets not draw. Ill go to bat first. <SEP> Youd have to wait till Seatons back from Mexico City and also while I set it up with Doris to have her have an alibi for D-night. It wouldnt be for days or even a week before you could do anything. <SEP> Your friend Manny can go any time. He grinned and clapped me on the shoulder. <SEP> I was hoping youd say that Willy. I wouldnt have suggested it. <SEP> Well -- in that case I take off tomorrow morning for Frisco. In case I brought the money with me.
cn17.txt:Guided her to the divan turned off the TV faced her. <SEP> She sat quietly staring at me from the wide eyes. And what eyes they were. Big and dark a melting golden brown. Eyes like hot honey eyes that sizzled. Plus flawless skin smooth brow and cheeks lips that looked as if you could get a shock from them. It was a disturbingly familiar face too but I couldnt remember where we had met. <SEP> I said Do we know each other Miss No I remembered reading about you in the papers and that you lived here and when it happened all I could think of was -- <SEP> This time she stopped the rush of words herself. Im sorry. <SEP> I go on She smiled. <SEP> It was her first smile. But worth waiting for. Sure. I said. But one word at a time O.K. <SEP> She was still hugging the stained coat around her so I said Relax let me take your things. You like a drink or coffee No thanks. <SEP> She stood up pulled the coat from her shoulders and started to slide it off then let out a high-pitched scream and I let out a low-pitched wobbling sound like a muffler blowing out. She was wearing nothing beneath the coat. <SEP> She jerked the coat back on and squeezed it around her again but not soon enough. There had been a good second or two during which my muffler had been blowing out and now I was certain Id seen her somewhere before. <SEP> I forgot She yelped. Oh do forgive me. <SEP> Im sorry I forgive -- <SEP> Thats what started all the trouble in the first place. Oh dear Im all unstrung. You and me both dear. <SEP> Havent we havent I seen you. I mean surely weve -- <SEP> You may have seen me on TV she said. Ive done several filmed commercials for -- <SEP> Then it hit me. Zing I cried. Why yes. <SEP> You recognized me Yes indeed. In fact I was watching you on that little seventeen-inch screen when you rang my bell. Man you rang -- it was in color too Miss and Miss <SEP> Whats your name anyway Ah you were splendid. <SEP> I sat by her on the divan. Splendid. In a waterfall and all that. Thats the last one we did. <SEP> That was a fun one. Ill bet. <SEP> It was fun for me all right. I dont mean to pry but do they hide the swimsuit with the bubbles <SEP> I mean : Is advertising honest It depends on who does it. <SEP> I never wear anything at all. It wouldnt -- wouldnt seem fair somehow. <SEP> I couldnt agree with you more. I really do have something important to tell you Mr. Scott. About the murder. Murder <SEP> Oh yeah I said. Tell me about the murder. <SEP> She told me. Zing was the creation of two men Louis Thor and Bill Blake partners in zing Inc. <SEP> Theyd peddled the soap virtually alone and without much success until about a year ago when -- with the addition of SX- to their secret formula and the inauguration of a high-powered advertising campaign -- sales had soared practically into orbit. Their product had been endorsed by Good Housekeeping the A.M.A. And the Veterinary Journal among other repositories of higher wisdom and before much longer if you didnt have a cake of their soap in the john even your best friends would think you didnt bathe. <SEP> My lovely caller -- Joyce Holland was her name -- had previously done three filmed commercials for zing and this evening the fourth a super production had been filmed at the home of Louis Thor. The water in Thors big swimming pool had been covered with a blanket of thick foamy soapsuds -- fashioned of course from zing -- Joyce had dived from the board into the pool then swirled and cavorted in her luxurious bath while cameras rolled. <SEP> The finished -- and drastically cut -- product would begin with a hazy longshot of Joyce entering the suds then bursting above the pools surface clad in layers of lavender lather and I had a hunch this item was going to sell tons and tons of soap even to clean men and boys. Joyce went on When wed finished Lou -- Mr. Thor -- asked me to stay a little longer. <SEP> He wanted a few stills for magazine ads he said. Everybody left and I stayed in the pool then Lou came back alone and leaped into the pool too. <SEP> He didnt have any clothes on. He didnt <SEP> Yes he didnt. Did I mean. <SEP> She paused. Did leap into the pool and didnt have anything on. <SEP> Anyway it was evident what he had in mind. You got away didnt you Yes. <SEP> He caught up with me once and grabbed me but I was all covered with zing -- its very slippery you know. I didnt know. <SEP> I wouldnt have the stuff in the house. Im pleased to hear -- <SEP> I just scooted out of his clutches. I swam like mad got out of the pool grabbed my robe and ran to the car. <SEP> The keys were still in it and I was miles away before I remembered that my clothes and purse and everything were still in the little cabana where Id changed. Shed driven around for a while Joyce said then thinking Louis Thor would have calmed down by that time shed gone back to his home on Bryn Mawr Drive parked in front and walked toward the pool. <SEP> While several yards from it still concealed by the shrubbery shed seen two men on her left at the pools edge. She went on : A man was holding onto Lou holding him up. <SEP> Maybe Lou was only unconscious but right then I thought he must be dead. The man shoved him into the water then ran past the cabana. <SEP> Theres a walk there that goes out to Quebec Drive. I was so scared well I just ran to my car and came here. <SEP> You know who the other man was No I never did see his face. <SEP> I didnt get a good look at him at all his back was to me and I was so scared It was just somebody in a mans suit. <SEP> Im sure the other one was Lou. What Joyce wanted me to do was go to Thors house and do whatever detectives do and get her clothes -- and handbag containing her identification. <SEP> She realized Id have to notify the police but fervently hoped I could avoid mentioning her name. Her impact in the zing commercials had led to her being considered for an excellent part in an upcoming TV series Underwater Western Eye a documentary-type show to be sponsored by Oatnut Grits. <SEP> If Joyce got involved in murder or salacious scandal the role would probably go to the sponsors wife Mrs. Oatnut Grits. Or at least not to Joyce. And I so want the part she said. <SEP> The commercials have just been for money there hasnt been any real incentive for me to do them but in Underwater Western Eye Id have a chance to act. I could show what I can do. <SEP> As far as I was concerned she had already and had dandily shown what she could do. I promised Joyce I would mention her name if at all only as a last resort. <SEP> Seeming much relieved she smiled one of those worth-waiting-for smiles and I smiled all the way into the bedroom. There I got my Colt Special and shoulder harness slipped my coat on and went back into the front room. <SEP> Joyce squirmed a little on the divan. Im starting to itch she said. Itch <SEP> Yes Im still all covered with that soap. I was loaded with suds when I ran away and I havent had a chance to wash it off. <SEP> Mmmm it sure itches. You might as well wait here while Im gone so you can use my shower if youd like. <SEP> Oh Id love to. I showed her the shower and tub and she said smiling If you really dont mind I think Ill get clean in the shower then soak for a few minutes in your tub. <SEP> That always relaxes me. It you <SEP> Only when I do it. I shook my head. <SEP> One of my virtues or vices is a sort of three-dimensional imagination complete with sound effects and glorious living color. Soak as long as you want Joyce. <SEP> Itll probably be at least an hour or two before I can check back with you. Youll have everything all to yourself doggone <SEP> I looked at my watch. Ten after nine. Time to go I supposed. <SEP> Well goodbye I said. Goodbye. Youd better hurry. <SEP> Oh you can count on that. She smiled slightly. Softly. Warmly. <SEP> Dont hurry too much. Ill be soaking for at least half an hour. <SEP> That was all she said. Suddenly those hot-honey eyes seemed to have everything but swarms of bees in them. <SEP> However when theres a job to be done Im a monstrosity of grim determination I like to think. I spun about and clattered through the front room to the door. <SEP> As I went out I could hear water pouring in the shower. Hot water. She wouldnt be taking a cold shower. <SEP> Hell she couldnt. Bryn Mawr Drive is only two or three miles from the Spartan and it took me less than five minutes to get there. <SEP> The scene was not the quiet calm scene Id expected. Four cars were parked at the curb and two of them were police radio cars. <SEP> Lights blazed in the big house and surrounding grounds. I followed a shrubbery-lined gravel path alongside the house to the pool. <SEP> Two uniformed officers a couple of plain-clothesmen I knew and two other men stood on a gray cement area next to the pool on my left. At the pools far end was the little cabana Joyce had mentioned and on the waters surface floated scattered lavender patches of limp-looking lather. <SEP> A few yards beyond the group of men a mans nude body lay face down on a patch of thick green dichondra. Lieutenant Rawlins one of the plain-clothesmen spotted me and said Hi Shell and walked toward me. <SEP> Howd you hear about this one I grinned but ignored the question. <SEP> He didnt push it Rawlins worked out of Central Homicide and wed been friends for years. He filled me in. <SEP> A call to the police had been placed from here a couple of minutes after nine P.M. And the first police car had arrived two or three minutes after that -- minutes ago now. Present at the scene -- in addition to the dead man who was indeed Louis Thor -- had been Thors partner Bill Blake and Antony Rose an advertising agency executive who handled the zing account. <SEP> Neither of them I understood had been present at the filming session earlier. What were they doing here I asked Rawlins. <SEP> They were supposed to meet Thor at nine PM for a conference concerning the ad campaign for their soap a new angle based on this SX- stuff. Yeah Ive heard more about SX- than space exploration lately. <SEP> What is the gunk How would I know <SEP> Its a secret. That was the new advertising angle -- something about a Lloyds of London policy to insure the secrecy of the secret ingredient. <SEP> Actually only two men know what the formula is Blake and -- He stopped and looked at Thors body. <SEP> I said O.K. So now only Blake knows. Hows it strike you foul or fair Cant say yet. <SEP> Deputy coroner says it looks like he sucked in a big pile of those thick suds and strangled onem. The PM might show he drowned instead but thats what the once-over-lightly gives us. Accident murder suicide -- take your pick. <SEP> Ill pick murder. Anything else According to Rose he arrived here a couple minutes before nine and spotted Thor in the water got a hooked pole from the pool-equipment locker and started hauling him out.
cm01.txt:That he knew himself to be self he was free to grok ever closer to his brothers merge without let. <SEP> Selfs integrity was and is and ever had been. Mike stopped to cherish all his brother selves the many threes-fulfilled on Mars corporate and discorporate the precious few on Earth -- the unknown powers of three on Earth that would be his to merge with and cherish now that at last long waiting he grokked and cherished himself. <SEP> Mike remained in trance there was much to grok loose ends to puzzle over and fit into his growing -- all that he had seen and heard and been at the Archangel Foster Tabernacle -LRB- not just cusp when he and Digby had come face to face alone -RRB- why Bishop Senator Boone made him warily uneasy how Miss Dawn Ardent tasted like a water brother when she was not the smell of goodness he had incompletely grokked in the jumping up and down and wailing -- Jubals conversations coming and going -- Jubals words troubled him most he studied them compared them with what he had been taught as a nestling struggling to bridge between languages the one he thought with and the one he was learning to think in. The word church which turned up over and over again among Jubals words gave him knotty difficulty there was no Martian concept to match it -- unless one took church and worship and God and congregation and many other words and equated them to the totality of the only world he had known during growing-waiting then forced the concept back into English in that phrase which had been rejected -LRB- by each differently -RRB- by Jubal by Mahmoud by Digby. <SEP> Thou art God. He was closer to understanding it in English now although it could never have the inevitability of the Martian concept it stood for. <SEP> In his mind he spoke simultaneously the English sentence and the Martian word and felt closer grokking. Repeating it like a student telling himself that the jewel is in the lotus he sank into nirvana. <SEP> Before midnight he speeded his heart resumed normal breathing ran down his check list uncurled and sat up. He had been weary now he felt light and gay and clear-headed ready for the many actions he saw spreading out before him. <SEP> He felt a puppyish need for company as strong as his earlier necessity for quiet. He stepped out into the hall was delighted to encounter a water brother. Hi Oh. Hello Mike. <SEP> My you look chipper. I feel fine <SEP> Where is everybody Asleep. Ben and Stinky went home an hour ago and people started going to bed. Oh. <SEP> Mike felt disappointed that Mahmoud had left he wanted to explain his new grokking. I ought to be asleep too but I felt like a snack. <SEP> You hungry Sure Im hungry <SEP> Come on theres some cold chicken and well see what else. They went downstairs loaded a tray lavishly. <SEP> Lets take it outside. Its plenty warm. <SEP> A fine idea Mike agreed. Warm enough to swim -- real Indian summer. Ill switch on the floods. <SEP> Dont bother Mike answered. Ill carry the tray. <SEP> He could see in almost total darkness. Jubal said that his night-sight probably came from the conditions in which he had grown up and Mike grokked this was true but grokked that there was more to it his foster parents had taught him to see. <SEP> As for the night being warm he would have been comfortable naked on Mount Everest but his water brothers had little tolerance for changes in temperature and pressure he was considerate of their weakness once he learned of it. He was looking forward to snow -- seeing for himself that each tiny crystal of the water of life was a unique individual as he had read -- walking barefoot rolling in it. <SEP> In the meantime he was pleased with the warm night and the still more pleasing company of his water brother. Okay take the tray. <SEP> Ill switch on the underwater lights. Thatll be plenty to eat by. Fine. <SEP> Mike liked having light up through the ripples it was a goodness beauty. They picnicked by the pool then lay back on the grass and looked at stars. <SEP> Mike theres Mars. It is Mars isnt it Or Antares <SEP> It is Mars. Mike What are they doing on Mars <SEP> He hesitated the question was too wide for the sparse English language. On the side toward the horizon -- the southern hemisphere -- it is spring plants are being taught to grow. Taught to grow <SEP> He hesitated. Larry teaches plants to grow. <SEP> I have helped him. My people -- Martians I mean I now grok you are my people -- teach plants another way. <SEP> In the other hemisphere it is growing colder and nymphs those who stayed alive through the summer are being brought into nests for quickening and more growing. He thought. <SEP> Of the humans we left at the equator one has discorporated and the others are sad. Yes I heard it in the news. <SEP> Mike had not heard it he had not known it until asked. They should not be sad. <SEP> Mr. Booker T.W. Jones Food Technician First Class is not sad the Old Ones have cherished him. You knew him Yes. <SEP> He had his own face dark and beautiful. He was homesick. Oh dear <SEP> Mike do you ever get homesick For Mars At first I was homesick he answered. <SEP> I was lonely always. He rolled toward her and took her in his arms. <SEP> Now I am not lonely. I grok I shall never be lonely again. Mike darling -- <SEP> They kissed and went on kissing. Presently his water brother said breathlessly. Oh my That was almost worse than the first time. <SEP> You are all right my brother Yes. Yes indeed. Kiss me again. <SEP> A long time later by cosmic clock she said Mike that -- I mean Do you know -- <SEP> I know. It is for growing closer. <SEP> Now we grow closer. Well Ive been ready a long time -- goodness we all have but never mind dear turn just a little. <SEP> Ill help. As they merged grokking together Mike said softly and triumphantly : Thou art God. <SEP> Her answer was not in words. Then as their grokking made them ever closer and Mike felt himself almost ready to discorporate her voice called him back : Oh Oh <SEP> Thou art God We grok God. <SEP> On Mars humans were building pressure domes for the male and female party that would arrive by next ship. This went faster than scheduled as the Martians were helpful. <SEP> Part of the time saved was spent on a preliminary estimate for a long-distance plan to free bound oxygen in the sands of Mars to make the planet more friendly to future human generations. The Old Ones neither helped nor hindered this plan time was not yet. <SEP> Their meditations were approaching a violent cusp that would shape Martian art for many millennia. On Earth elections continued and a very advanced poet published a limited edition of verse consisting entirely of punctuation marks and spaces Time magazine reviewed it and suggested that the Federation Assembly Daily Record should be translated into the medium. <SEP> A colossal campaign opened to sell more sexual organs of plants and Mrs. Joseph -LRB- Shadow of Greatness -RRB- Douglas was quoted as saying : I would no more sit down without flowers on my table than without serviettes. A Tibetan swami from Palermo Sicily announced in Beverly Hills a newly discovered ancient yoga discipline for ripple breathing which increased both pranha and cosmic attraction between sexes. <SEP> His chelas were required to assume the matsyendra posture dressed in hand-woven diapers while he read aloud from Rig-Veda and an assistant guru examined their purses in another room -- nothing was stolen the purpose was less immediate. The President of the United States proclaimed the first Sunday in November as National Grandmothers Day and urged America to say it with flowers. <SEP> A funeral parlor chain was indicted for price-cutting. Fosterite bishops after secret conclave announced the Churchs second Major Miracle : Supreme Bishop Digby had been translated bodily to Heaven and spot-promoted to Archangel ranking with-but-after Archangel Foster. <SEP> The glorious news had been held up pending Heavenly confirmation of the elevation of a new Supreme Bishop Huey Short -- a candidate accepted by the Boone faction after lots had been cast repeatedly. LUnita and Hoy published identical denunciations of Shorts elevation lOsservatore Romano and the Christian Science Monitor ignored it Times of India snickered at it and the Manchester Guardian simply reported it -- the Fosterites in England were few but extremely militant. <SEP> Digby was not pleased with his promotion. The Man from Mars had interrupted him with his work half finished -- and that stupid jackass Short was certain to louse it up. <SEP> Foster listened with angelic patience until Digby ran down then said Listen junior youre an angel now -- so forget it. Eternity is no time for recriminations. <SEP> You too were a stupid jackass until you poisoned me. Afterwards you did well enough. <SEP> Now that Short is Supreme Bishop hell do all right he cant help it. Same as with the Popes. Some of them were warts until they got promoted. <SEP> Check with one of them go ahead -- theres no professional jealousy here. Digby calmed down but made one request. <SEP> Foster shook his halo. You cant touch him. <SEP> You shouldnt have tried to. Oh you can submit a requisition for a miracle if you want to make a fool of yourself. <SEP> Im telling you itll be turned down -- you dont understand the System yet. The Martians have their own setup different from ours and as long as they need him we cant touch him. <SEP> They run their show their way -- the Universe has variety something for everybody -- a fact you field workers often miss. You mean this punk can brush me aside and Ive got to hold still for it <SEP> I held still for the same thing didnt I Im helping you now am I not <SEP> Now look theres work to be done and lots of it. The Boss wants performance not gripes. <SEP> If you need a Day off to calm down duck over to the Muslim Paradise and take it. Otherwise straighten your halo square your wings and dig in. <SEP> The sooner you act like an angel the quicker youll feel angelic. Get Happy junior <SEP> Digby heaved a deep ethereal sigh. Okay Im Happy. <SEP> Where do I start Jubal did not hear of Digbys disappearance when it was announced and when he did while he had a fleeting suspicion he dismissed it if Mike had had a finger in it he had gotten away with it -- and what happened to supreme bishops worried Jubal not at all as long as he wasnt bothered. <SEP> His household had gone through an upset. Jubal deduced what had happened but did not know with whom -- and didnt want to inquire. <SEP> Mike was of legal age and presumed able to defend himself in the clinches. Anyhow it was high time the boy was salted. <SEP> Jubal couldnt reconstruct the crime from the way the girls behaved because patterns kept shifting -- ABC vs D then BCD vs A or AB vs CD or AD vs CB through all ways that four women can gang up on each other. This continued most of the week following that ill-starred trip to church during which period Mike stayed in his room and usually in a trance so deep that Jubal would have pronounced him dead had he not seen it before. <SEP> Jubal would not have minded it if service had not gone to pieces. The girls seemed to spend half their time tiptoeing in to see if Mike was all right and they were too preoccupied to cook much less be secretaries. <SEP> Even rock-steady Anne -- Hell Anne was the worst Absent-minded subject to unexplained tears Jubal would have bet his life that if Anne were to witness the Second Coming she would memorize date time personae events and barometric pressure without batting her calm blue eyes.
cp01.txt:Neither liked nor disliked the Old Man. <SEP> To them he could have been the broken bell in the church tower which rang before and after Mass and at noon and at six each evening -- its tone repetitive monotonous never breaking the boredom of the streets. The Old Man was unimportant. <SEP> If he were not there they would have missed him as they would have missed the sounds of bees buzzing against the screen door in early June or the smell of thick tomato paste -- the ripe smell that was both sweet and sour -- rising up from aluminum trays wrapped in fly-dotted cheesecloth. Or the surging whirling sounds of bats at night when their black bodies dived into the blackness above and below the amber street lights. Or the bay of female dogs in heat. They never called him by name although he had one. <SEP> Filippo Rossi thats what he was called in the old country but here he was just Signore or the Old Man. This was not unusual because youth in these quarters was always pushed at a distance from its elders. <SEP> Youth obeyed when commanded. It went to church on Sunday and one Saturday a month went to confession. <SEP> Youth asked nothing of its parents -- not a touch of the hand or a kiss given in passing. The only thing unusual about the Old Man had long since happened. <SEP> The past was dead here as the present was dead. Once the Old Man had had a wife. <SEP> Once she too ignored him. With a tiny fur-piece wrapped around her shoulders she wiggled her satin-covered buttocks down the street before him and didnt stop. <SEP> In one hand she clutched a hundred dollar bill and in the other a straw suitcase. The way she strutted down the street the Old Man would have been blind not to have noticed both. <SEP> Without looking at him without looking at anything except Drexel Street directly in front of her she climbed up into one of those orange streetcars rode away in it and never came back. But she shouldnt have come here in the first place the women had said. No no. Not that one. <SEP> She thought she was bigger than we are because she came from Torino. Eh Torino She gave herself fancy airs <SEP> Just because she had a part on the stage in the old country she thought she could carry her head higher than ours. They had slapped their thighs. <SEP> Its not for making pretty speeches about Dante those actresses get paid so good. Henh Calloused fingers caressed only by the smoothness of polished rosaries had swayed excitedly beneath puckered chins where tiny black hairs sprouted never to be tweezed away. <SEP> Mauve-colored mouths that had never known anything sweeter than the taste of new wine and the passion of mans tongue had not smiled but had condemned again and again. Puttana if the Old Man even thought about his wife now nobody cared a fig. <SEP> It was enough for people to know that at one time he had looked down the street at the fleshy suppleness of a woman he had consumed -- watching her become thinner and thinner in the distance as thin as the seams on her stockings and still thinner. His voice had not commanded her to stop. <SEP> It had not questioned why. The women said they had seen him wave an exhausted farewell but he might have been shooing away the fleas that hopped from his yellow dog onto him. <SEP> -LRB- He was never without that dog. -RRB- his eyes -- those miniature sundials of variegated yellow -- had not altered their expression or direction. <SEP> The Old Mans very soul could have left him and flown down that street but he wouldnt have had anyone know it. Perhaps he had known then where that hundred dollar bill had come from and where it was taking his wife. <SEP> When he called for his withered wrinkled sister Rose to care for him and the children had he guessed that all he would remember of his woman was the memory of her climbing into that streetcar There seemed to be a contemptuous purpose in the way he sat there with his eyes glued to Drexel Street and his back in opposition to the church behind him. <SEP> For all he saw or cared to see this could have been a town in Italy not the outskirts of Philadelphia. It could have been Bari or Chieti for the way it smelled. <SEP> What did it matter to him that the park at the foot of Ash Road stretched beneath elevated trains that roared from the stucco station into the citys center at half-hour intervals Or that the tiny creek spun its silent course toward the Schuylkill This place was hatred to him just as hatred was his only companion in his aloneness. <SEP> To him they were one and the same. Sameness for the Old Man was framed in by a wall of ginkgo trees which divided these quarters from the city. <SEP> Sameness lined the streets with two-story houses the color of ash. It slashed the sloping manure-scented lawns with concrete steps which climbed upward to white wooden porches. <SEP> It swayed with the wicker swings and screeched with the rusted hinges of screen doors. Even the stable-garage which housed nothing now but the scent of rot had a lawn before it. <SEP> The coffee shop on Drexel Street where the men spent their evenings and Sundays playing cards had a rose hedge beneath its window. The hedge reeked of coffee dregs thrown against it. <SEP> Only one house on the street had no lawn before it. It squatted low and square upon the sidewalk with a heavy iron grating supporting a glass facade. <SEP> That was Bartolis shop. Above it from a second-story showroom wooden angels surveyed the neighborhood. <SEP> The Old Man remember them there Yet everywhere else sameness was stucco and wood in square blocks -- like fortresses perched against the slant of the hill rising with the hill to the top where the church was and beyond that to the cemetery. <SEP> Only paved alleyways tunneled through the walls of those fortresses into the mysterious core of intimacy behind the houses where backyards owned no fences where one mans property blended with the next to form courtyards in which no one knew privacy. Love and hatred and fear were one here shaded only by fig trees and grape vines. <SEP> The forked tongue of gossip licked its sinister way from back porch to back porch. The Old Man silently fed upon these streets. <SEP> They kept him alive waiting. Waiting for what and for whom only he could tell and would not. <SEP> It was as though he had made a pact with the devil himself but it was not yet time to pay the price. He was holding out for something. <SEP> He was determined to hold out. The Old Mans son threw himself down belly first upon a concrete step taking in the coolness of it and dreaming of the day he would be rich. <SEP> At fifteen he didnt care that he had no mother that he couldnt remember her face or her touch neither did he care that Aunt Rose provided for him. He was named Pompeii as a tribute to his heritage and he couldnt have cared less about that either. <SEP> To him life was a restless boredom that began with the rising sun and ended only with sleep. When he would be a man he would be a rich man. <SEP> He would not be like the rich Americans who lived in white-columned houses on the other side of the park. He would not ride the eight-thirty local to the city each morning. <SEP> He would not carry a brief case. He work at all. <SEP> He would square his shoulders and carry a cane before each step. He would sit inside the coffee shop and pound a gloved fist upon the table and a girl would hear him and come running bowing with her running calling out in her bowing At your service. <SEP> He would order her to bring coffee and would take from his vest pocket a thin black pipe which he would stuff -- he would not remove his gloves -- and light and smoke. He could do that when he would be a man. Hey Laura <SEP> He called to his sister on the porch above the steps. She was only ten months older than he. <SEP> Laura what would you say if I smoked a pipe Laura did not answer him. <SEP> She leaned unconcerned against the broken porch fence brushing and drying her wet gilded hair in the sun. One lithe leg straddled the railing and swung loosely before the creaking torn pales. <SEP> Her tanned foot whose arch swept high and white pointed artfully toward tapering toes -- toes like fingers whose tips glowed white. All the while she sat there her sinewy arms swirled before her chest. <SEP> Her face showed no sign of having heard Pompeii. It was a face that had lost its childlike softness and was beginning to fold within its fragile features a harshness that belied the lyric lines of its contours. <SEP> The eyes blue and always somewhat downcast possessed a sullen quality. Even though the boy could not see them he knew they were clouded by distance. <SEP> He was never sure they fully took him in. Pompeii called again Laura <SEP> the only answer that reached him was the screeching of the porch rail from her leg moving against it. Shes in a mood he thought Theres not a month she doesnt get herself in a mood. <SEP> Well what did that matter when the sun was shining and there were dreams to dream about as for his pipe if he wanted to smoke one nobody would stop him. Not even Laura. <SEP> Suddenly he was interrupted in his daydreaming by a warm wetness lapping against his chin and his eyes opened wide and long at the sight of a goats claret tongue feasting against the salt taste of him. Above the tongue an aged yellow eye sallow and time-cast encrusted within a sphere of marbleized pink skin stared unfalteringly at him. <SEP> Christ sake goat git the goat would not. <SEP> Youre boiling milk aint you Soothing it with his hand knowing the whiskered jowls and the swollen smoothness of teats that wrinkled expectantly to his touch. <SEP> Pompeii rolled over. His head undulated gradually covering space to come straining beneath the taut belly within the warmth of those teats. <SEP> With his mouth opened wide he squirted the warm white milk against the roof of his mouth and his tongue savored the light earthy taste of it. The boys fingers and mouth operated with the skilled unity of a bagpipe player pressing and pulling delighting in what he did. <SEP> Above him slid the evasive shadow of a storm cloud. Its form was a heavy figure in a fluttering soutane. <SEP> The boy could see only the goats belly. The Old Man near the corner let the shadow pass over him sensing something portentous in it. <SEP> He knew it was there knew also what it was about but he wouldnt raise a finger except to smooth his yellow dogs back. There would be time enough perhaps the Old Man reassured himself to pay the devil his due. Time enough to give up his soul. <SEP> In the meantime six sandals stained an ocher the same color as Pompeiis shaved hair edged up close to him. The clapping they made on the concrete interrupted him in the ecstatic pleasure he knew so that he quickly released his hold on the goat and pretended to be examining its haunches for ticks. <SEP> He knew at a glance that the biggest sandals belonged to Niobe the neatest ones to Concetta and the laced ones to Romeo Concettas idiot brother. Pompeii expected Romeos small body to sink closer and closer to the ground. <SEP> He expected Concettas thin hand to reach down to grasp the boy and her shrill impetuous voice to sound against the rotundity of his disfigured flesh that was never sure of hearing anything.
cp28.txt:Felt it was incredible that the situation had come to exist at all. And once begun had grown to such monstrous proportions. <SEP> The pair of white cotton shorts ruled his life. Lying awake at night he could see them laid out on the floor of his mind. <SEP> When he rose in the morning the image was still there. He had always been a messy and negligent man. <SEP> In his bachelor days his bedroom had been strewn with clothes which his mother or later the hotel maid generally saw fit to put in order. No doubt Dolores resented following in their footsteps. It was fun those first days kidding about the trail of garments he left littered across the rug. <SEP> There was an assertive maleness in his grinning refusal to pick them up. Half slyly he enjoyed seeing her stoop to lift the things. <SEP> He remembered the first time he saw her standing across the room at a party. The smooth curve of her neck very white against hair which curled against it like petals. Her hair was the color of those blooms which in seed catalogues are referred to as black but since no flower is actually without color contain always a hint of grape or purple or blue -- he wanted to draw the broad patina of hair through his fingers searching it slowly for a trace of veining which might reveal its true shade beneath the darkness. <SEP> He sought her out and spoke to her and thought of his hand in her hair. Or against her back pressed on the column of vertebrae which held her so magnificently straight and unyielding until the segments of bone made tiny sharp cracking noises like the snapped stem of a tulip. To put it bluntly nothing snapped. <SEP> That had not seriously troubled him not then. They married. <SEP> More he could take at leisure. All Martin thought he needed was time : to what better use could time be put <SEP> He saw later that they had made their marriage too quickly. There was too little occasion beforehand for resistance the brave strong delights of emotional clash and meeting. <SEP> They had left themselves too much to discover. At the start his new life felt invigorating. Good. <SEP> It was on the tenth day after the wedding -LRB- how could it have been so soon -RRB- that he dropped the shorts on the floor. Now Im not going to pick up those shorts <SEP> Martin gave her a teasing pat. I think youll get tired of them there. <SEP> In the morning the shorts were where he had left them. He smiled to himself and decided not to mention them till Dolores did. <SEP> It was almost too easy. For he had just remembered : tonight they were having their first guests. <SEP> The shorts would not be on the floor when he came home that evening. He was wrong. <SEP> The rest of the bedroom had been groomed to a superhuman neatness but in the middle of the carpet lay the disheveled shorts. They gave the room a strange note of incongruity like a mole on a beautiful face. <SEP> He saw that Dolores intended to wait until the last minute thinking he would get nervous. Quietly he determined to foil her. <SEP> I can be as stubborn as she can he thought my nerves are as strong. Shell rush to the bedroom when the doorbell rings. <SEP> It rang. Ten minutes early. Martin was standing a few feet from the front door. <SEP> He swung around eyes toward the bedroom some fifteen feet away. Dolores stood motionless in the doorway. <SEP> He could not cross the living room brush past her and bend down to retrieve the shorts. Martin turned his back. <SEP> He strode to answer the bell. Bills hat was deposited in the hall closet. <SEP> With the most casual and relaxed manner in the world Dolores led Anthea to the bedroom. Martin strained his ears. <SEP> At first he could not be sure. Then he caught just enough to know that the shorts were still there. <SEP> A glissade of giggles slid over their voices. All evening Anthea favored him with odd coy looks. <SEP> Clearly she had been instructed not to say a word. For some reason this ellipsis in the conversation spread until it swallowed up every other topic. <SEP> At last there was a void no one could fill. The Brainards went home early. <SEP> Martin realized later on that he should have had it out with Dolores that night. As violently as possible. He was so taken aback he could not believe any rage of his would make her give in. <SEP> On the contrary it would only weaken his position if he fumed while she stayed calm and adamant. And if he surrendered after raving at her. He shivered. Suppose he ran up the white flag altogether At once. <SEP> He considered the sober possibility. In his head was the echo of those titters with Anthea. <SEP> There was something about private feminine whisperings which always made him feel scabrous and unclean. He remembered his mother gossiping with her neighborhood women friends lowering her voice to a penetrating hoarseness which might be trusted to carry to the head of the stairs where he crouched listening. <SEP> He could even recall the last time he sat there. She was talking about him that time because he had done some bad thing something she disliked but Afterwards Martin said he was sorry. <SEP> He apologized so sweetly I couldnt keep being annoyed with him. It wasnt even true that hed said he was sorry that time he had in fact said simply that he wished the thing hadnt happened which was as honest as he could put it. <SEP> His mother told the story over and over till her Martin said he was sorry was as much a part of her as the shape of her thin pallid ears. The battle had to be fought. <SEP> Let the best sex win. His resolution hardly seemed to help. <SEP> If the situation had been bad it now got worse. About this time people began dropping in considering that the newly married had been left alone long enough. <SEP> Angrily Martin wished they had delayed the wedding and gone on a trip -- preferably one that lasted months -- instead of deciding not to postpone the date until he could get away. Here they were at the mercy of anyone who chose to come by. <SEP> These stray people nearly always insisted on Dolores showing them around the apartment. Of course the tours of inspection included the ever-present shorts. <SEP> It was curious how the different visitors took this. Some tried to ignore the blot on the bedrooms countenance. <SEP> Others asked. Quite a few laughed. <SEP> To them all Dolores told a lighthearted and witty tale. Its a little contest Martin and I have she would begin gaily carrying the anecdote through a frothy and deceptive course. <SEP> He waited in the living room. Once Martin went along. <SEP> They entered the bedroom and Dolores said nothing. Then one of the guests showed his merriment. <SEP> You were in a hurry werent you Martin would have liked to break the mans neck. <SEP> Dolores smiled she let the interpretation stand. Now Martin heard himself give a snort of mock good nature. <SEP> With her eyes Dolores dared him for the truth ready to begin : Its a little contest -- Never again did he enter into the ritual of showing the apartment. They kept up a rigid pretense of speaking relations. <SEP> Martin seldom felt the impulse to talk about anything. What to talk about Dolores kept picking up any of his clothes -LRB- except the fatal shorts -RRB- which he left about but he had been robbed of pleasure in scattering his possessions. <SEP> He fell into the habit of putting his clothes in drawers and closets so his life might impinge as little as possible on hers. The shorts alone remained. <SEP> In his moments of worst agony Martin imagined what his friends were saying. The sound of their amazement. Bizarre : He could hear the word. The most bizarre situation. We were up to visit them and He had thought her exactly what he wanted. <SEP> Six weeks of marriage and Im using the past tense he told himself furiously. Pursuing his idea he saw that it would be impossible to leave her now. <SEP> Everyone would know why he would cut a supremely ridiculous figure. He was trapped. <SEP> Day and night Martin could not drag his mind from the dilemma he had made for himself. His mind scurried frantically seeking an exit. <SEP> Alternately he had periods of hostile defeatism in which he determined sullenly morosely to live out his life in this fashion. Nothing would change nothing would ever change. <SEP> When the solution finally came to him one night while he was in bed he was so shaken by its simplicity that he could only wonder why it had not occurred to him before. In a frenzy of excitement he considered his plan. <SEP> Beside his shorts he would place something of hers. Instantaneously he would have won an immeasurable moral victory for if she picked up say a pair of her panties she might just as well lift his shorts lying alongside -- the expenditure of energy was almost the same. <SEP> He felt that it would be a particular humiliation to Dolores to pick up her own underwear which he had laid on the floor. Furthermore he could go on repeating the maneuver endlessly : every time he went in the bedroom he could drop a slip or a brassiere or maybe a girdle next to his shorts. <SEP> Sooner or later Dolores would crack. On the other hand if she didnt remove her own things it would be difficult to explain to the parade of guests which traversed the apartment. <SEP> Martin guessed that Dolores would not be so eager to tell the next installment of her story. The tale he thought would become less gay. <SEP> She had used his rumpled shorts as the very image of his childishness his lack of control his general male looseness while she remained cool airy and untouched the charming teacher who disciplined an unruly body. To have her underclothes linked with his on the floor would draw her visibly into a struggle both bitter and absurd. <SEP> Something in the back of his mind was aware that the magnificence of the plan lay in his faith that the idea would work because he believed in it since his courage and virility were involved because it was truly his. The knowledge kept him from analyzing his scheme to death and took him through the last hours of that night in a peace of exalted fanaticism. <SEP> The next morning while Dolores was out of the room he went to her bureau drawer took out a pair of nylon lace pants and tenderly dropped them next to his shorts. He sat down on the bed. <SEP> In a surprisingly short time Dolores appeared. To his delight her eyes focused at once upon the two garments. <SEP> Slowly and deliberately she reached down and touched the lace with her fingers then hesitated for about a second. Ah he thought shes going through the chain of reasoning which says she might really just as well pick up my shorts too. <SEP> He saw that in a moment she had grasped all the implications of a plot which had been weeks in occurring to him. Extending her fingers another inch she caught up the shorts and swiftly left the room. <SEP> She did not look at him but he noticed that her face was flushed and her eyes unsteady. They breakfasted together but Martin did not refer to his triumph and Dolores found a great deal to do in the kitchen bobbing up and down from the table so that talk was impossible. <SEP> Well Martin thought Thatll save. He left for work in high spirits. <SEP> As he relaxed that day Martin realized how tense he had been these past weeks. He found that he no longer hated Dolores -LRB- he knew how much he had hated her -RRB- and he was surprised at a resurgence of an affectionate feeling.
cp22.txt:Knew it as surely as everybody in Westfield -- that Lucille was a husband stealer. <SEP> You cant keep that kind of information quiet in a town of only -plus. Ive been told that just about every town no matter what its size has its Lucille Warren. Just as it has its Susan Dolan though nobodyd ever bothered to tell me that. <SEP> Susan Dolan thats me. They even talked about Lucille down at the Young Christians League where I spent a lot of time in Bible classes and helping out with the office work for our foreign mission. <SEP> I never heard my folks talk about her though. They were good-living religious people and I can truthfully say I never heard them spread any gossip about anybody. <SEP> Even if they ever did say anything about people like Lucille Warren I know they wouldnt have dreamed of saying it in front of me. My folks and my faith protected me from things like that. <SEP> I was really upset the first time I discovered that my boy friend Johnnie was seeing Mrs. Warren. I asked him about it one night while we were sitting in his truck. <SEP> I asked him if it was true. He gave me a straight honest answer. <SEP> Look Sue baby hed said. Much as I love you -- well a guys a guy and Lucilles willing to -- to come across. <SEP> Honest kitten thats all it is -- I dont even like Lucille much. I guess it was at that moment that I realized what I was up against in the person of Lucille Warren. <SEP> It didnt seem fair. My love for Johnnie was young and clean -- how could I possibly compete with a woman like that who didnt hesitate to use her sex. <SEP> Johnnie was a trucker with a small lumber outfit in a town about twenty miles away and he was also pretty good at anything in the carpentry line. It was a vivid sharp February morning that Johnnie first made his appearance in my back yard bringing some stuff Dad had ordered. <SEP> I wasnt in the habit of batting my eyes at delivery men but the moment I saw Johnnie I knew he was different. He wasnt only different -- he was it. <SEP> He had an easy masculine grace about him the kind that kids dont have but that I had sometimes admired in other older men. His smile was quick and his eyes held some promised secret that made my knees go limp. <SEP> The most unbelievable thing about the chance meeting was that he seemed interested in me too. I could hardly believe such good luck was mine. <SEP> Now Lucille Warren had gotten a look at him. I guess she was between affairs or something but anyway she had set her sights on Johnnie my Johnnie. <SEP> I didnt like it one bit. What could I do <SEP> A man had to have his release -- at least thats what the boys used to say in high school -- and I wasnt providing it for Johnnie. Neither was his wife. <SEP> She wouldnt have even if hed asked her. He wouldnt ask her -- he wasnt the kind of man who would force his wife to submit to him against her will. <SEP> He wouldnt leave her either -- hed told me that. He was too honorable to leave his wife penniless and leave those helpless children without their daddy. <SEP> Johnnie loved me and wanted me. The only love I was giving him was the pure kind. <SEP> It was weeks before we even kissed for the first time. Against my folks wishes wed been seeing each other for short rides in the truck. <SEP> The rides were tame enough -- mostly we talked. By the time the first crackling of spring came around we both knew we were hopelessly in love. <SEP> Even then we did nothing much but talk and maybe neck a little. Its so crazy I told him once. <SEP> I always imagined I would probably end up marrying a minister or somebody like that. Somebody with no vices. You know. <SEP> You fall for a lumber jockey. Who drinks far too much. And smokes too much. And I was ticking off the items on my fingers swears too much and goes out with the boys whoever they are too much and who ever goes to church and wont even listen when I try to persuade him to come back to the fold. <SEP> He examined his nails carefully. I could walk out the door. <SEP> You dare. And never show my face or my truck around here again. He still wasnt looking at me. <SEP> You wouldnt. I could visit Lucille Warren. <SEP> You wouldnt. Please You wouldnt. <SEP> He shrugged noncommittally. I might. <SEP> Now he was seeing her. Hed just admitted it to me. <SEP> I huddled miserably beside him in the truck. It was all my doing -- his seeing her. <SEP> Johnnie and I had been innocent in our love and that was the way I wanted to keep it. At first Johnnie hadnt understood -- how could he not being a religious person like me <SEP> then he had said All right kid if thats how you want it thats how itll be. What had I done trying to keep us pure <SEP> I had driven him into the arms of that scheming woman. I had just the same as delivered him into the hands of the Devil <SEP> one week later I surrendered to him in the little motel on Route. My very first time. I was desperate to hold him to give him whatever in this world he wanted or needed and to keep him from the clutches of Lucille Warren. <SEP> Though at the time I blushed to admit it even to myself there was in me a growing desire a sexual awareness that Johnnie had set in motion an awareness that no other man had ever triggered. I wanted him with a terrifying fierceness. <SEP> Astonishingly enough it was my own voice I heard there in the darkness begging this man to make love to me. Love me Johnnie. <SEP> I will kitten Outside in the summertime fields behind the motel a thousand crickets serenaded us. <SEP> You always love me this way Uh huh. Always. Mmm. I snuggled closer to the man I loved. <SEP> It was as blissful and fulfilling a night as any bride ever experienced. I had had no wedding ceremony no witnesses no certificate of marriage but I had all the joy that goes with them. Johnnie <SEP> It cant be wrong can it Not really. Johnnie rose on one elbow. <SEP> Stop worrying. Its never wrong if love is real. <SEP> I took great comfort from his words and smiled to myself in the darkness. Infinite peace complete contentment. Idiots delight I later discovered. I felt no conflict between what I was doing and my strict religious upbringing. <SEP> I had always resisted the passes made at me by other kids and many times I had thought about my love for Johnnie who being thirty brought a maturity to love that the kids around town could know nothing about. I had also thought a lot about how God must look on true love and so in a way I was keeping my promise to God my promise to remain pure until I was married. <SEP> I was practically a bride after all. There would have been a ceremony if it had been possible. <SEP> Of this I had no doubt. Johnnie do practically anything in the world to insure my happiness <SEP> Of course he would. Hed not only told me so hed proved it. <SEP> It wasnt Johnnies fault that he was hopelessly tied down to that frightful woman who did her best to make his life unbearable. Just because he was honorable enough to want to continue supporting his two children as any decent man would that was no reason he should be denied his own small share of happiness too. <SEP> If I could contribute to that Id do it. The cost didnt matter. <SEP> No price is too high when true love is at stake. I had no doubts about how true this love was. <SEP> Id never even petted with a boy and after I met Johnnie he never touched me for the longest while not until I all but threw myself at him. He was plenty attentive all right but he behaved like a gentleman and I figured that emotionally I was closer to his age than to my own eighteen and a half. <SEP> What could a mere twelve years matter It wasnt I was sure a difference in age that came between people but a difference in maturity. <SEP> Hadnt I rescued him from Lucille Warren Shed have gotten him if I hadnt stopped her. <SEP> After all Lucille Warren was a husband-stealer from way back. Id been a good girl and now God was blessing me with the gift of this magnificent man and the wondrous love we shared. <SEP> It was only fitting that we seek out whatever joy our union might bring. Love me Uh-huh. Love you. Always and always Johnnie Always. Mmm. Convention time in Boston. A chill wind in the air and the narrow streets packed with snow. <SEP> From the entire eastern half of the nation theyd be coming members of the Young Christians League and Id been chosen to represent our chapter. I had mixed emotions about going. <SEP> Id been seeing Johnnie almost a year now but I still didnt want to leave him for five whole days. I had looked forward so much to being with this church group. <SEP> I hadnt been doing as much work as I used to in Westfield and I felt funny about that and wanted to work harder than ever. I wanted to just throw myself into the good works of this fine group. <SEP> I went to Boston. The first meeting was held in Faneuil Hall a great big place where we were able to meet members from all the other states. <SEP> My cousin Alma at whose home I was staying during the convention introduced me to a group of young people from Rhode Island. One of them was a very friendly lovely fellow named Ronald a boy about my age with slick blond hair and dancing blue eyes. <SEP> He looked very different from Johnnie -- in fact he looked sort of like me. I thought so and he mentioned it and Alma said so too. <SEP> After the meeting there was going to be a party at someones house. I assumed Alma would get me there but in the confusion of the meeting breaking up we were separated. <SEP> Outside the hall I anxiously looked around for her then all at once there was a hand on my elbow. Hey there beautiful twin of mine Ronald said. <SEP> Need a pumpkin to get to the party I couldnt help laughing with him. <SEP> Well I should find Alma -- I began. Alma Schmalma. Come along with me. <SEP> I went. By the time we arrived the party was already going strong. <SEP> A couple of the girls were laughing rather shrilly and I realized they were drinking. My folks wouldnt dream of having alcohol in the house so my first taste of it had been -- of course -- with Johnnie. <SEP> I hadnt liked it at first -- it was bitter and burning. When Johnnie disguised the taste with ginger ale I enjoyed it. <SEP> Of course I enjoyedmost anything if I did it with Johnnie. Johnnie I suddenly realized hed been totally out of my thoughts all evening. <SEP> That was only natural I decided surely he was still resting snugly in my heart. I dont see Alma anywhere I said. <SEP> Shes invisible tonight. Cmon lets find out where theyre keeping the glasses. <SEP> I drew back. I -- I dont think so Ronald. Not for me. <SEP> Aw come on. No -- really. He shrugged. Okay. <SEP> At least come along while I get lubricated. The kitchen was jammed. Strange faces most of them and I wasnt even sure all of them had come from the League meeting.
cg04.txt:However their posture changed and the game ended. <SEP> They went as rigid as black statuary six figures lean and tall and angular went still. Their heads were in the air sniffing. <SEP> They all swung at the same instant in the same direction. They saw it before I did even with my binoculars. <SEP> It was nothing more than a tiny distant rain squall a dull gray sheet which reached from a layer of clouds to the earth. In the degrees of horizon it obscured only a degree no more. <SEP> A white man would not have seen it. The aborigines fastened upon it with a concentration beyond pathos. <SEP> Watching they waited until the squall thickened and began to move in a long drifting slant across the dry burning land. At once the whole band set off at a lope. <SEP> They were chasing a rain cloud. They went after the squall as mercilessly as a wolf pack after an abandoned cow. <SEP> I followed them in the jeep and now they did not care. The games were over this was life. <SEP> Occasionally for no reason that I could see they would suddenly alter the angle of their trot. Sometimes I guessed it was because the rain squall had changed direction. <SEP> Sometimes it was to skirt a gulley. Their gait is impossible to convey in words. <SEP> It has nothing of the proud stride of the trained runner about it it is not a lope it is not done with style or verve. It is the gait of the human who must run to live : arms dangling legs barely swinging over the ground head hung down and only occasionally swinging up to see the target a loose motion that is just short of stumbling and yet is wonderfully graceful. <SEP> It is a barely controlled skimming of the ground. They ran for three hours. <SEP> Finally avoiding hummocks and seeking low ground they intercepted the rain squall. For ten minutes they ran beneath the squall raising their arms and for the first time shouting and capering. <SEP> Then the wind died and the rain squall held steady. They were studying the ground. <SEP> Suddenly one of them shouted ran a few feet bent forward and put his mouth to the ground. He had found a depression with rain water in it. <SEP> He bent down a black cranelike figure and put his mouth to the ground. With a lordly and generous gesture the discoverer stood up and beckoned to the closest of his fellows. <SEP> The other trotted over and swooped at the tiny puddle. In an instant he had sucked it dry. <SEP> The aborigine lives on the cruelest land I have ever seen. Which does not mean that it is ugly. <SEP> Part of it is of course. There are thousands of square miles of salt pan which are hideous. <SEP> They are huge areas which have been swept by winds for so many centuries that there is no soil left but only deep bare ridges fifty or sixty yards apart with ravines between them thirty or forty feet deep and the only thing that moves is a scuttling layer of sand. Such stretches have an inhuman moonlike quality. <SEP> Much of the land which the aborigine wanders looks as if it should be hospitable. It is softened by the saltbush and the bluebush has a peaceful quality the hills roll softly. <SEP> The malignancy of such a landscape has been beautifully described by the Australian Charles Bean. He tells of three men who started out on a trip across a single paddock a ten-by-ten-mile square owned by a sheep grazer. <SEP> They went well-equipped with everything except knowledge of the outback country. The countryside looked like a beautiful open park with gentle slopes and soft gray tree-clumps. <SEP> Nothing appalling or horrible rushed upon these men. Only there happened -- nothing. <SEP> There might have been a pool of cool water behind any of these tree-clumps : only -- there was not. It might have rained any time only -- it did not. <SEP> There might have been a fence or a house just over the next rise only -- there was not. They lay with the birds hopping from branch to branch above them and the bright sky peeping down at them. <SEP> No one came. The white men died. <SEP> Countless others like them have died. Even today range riders will come upon mummified bodies of men who attempted nothing more difficult than a twenty-mile hike and slowly lost direction were tortured by the heat driven mad by the constant and unfulfilled promise of the landscape and who finally died. <SEP> The aborigine is not deceived he knows that the land is hard and pitiless. He knows that the economy of life in the outback is awful. <SEP> There is no room for error or waste. Any organism that falters or misperceives the signals or weakens is done. <SEP> I do not know if such a way of life can come to be a self-conscious challenge but I suspect that it can. Perhaps this is what gives the aborigine his odd air of dignity. The family at the boulder <SEP> seeing an aborigine today is a difficult thing. Many of them have drifted into the cities and towns and seaports. <SEP> Others are confined to vast reservations and not only does the Australian government justifiably not wish them to be viewed as exhibits in a zoo but on their reservations they are extremely fugitive shunning camps coming together only for corroborees at which their strange culture comes to its highest pitch -- which is very low indeed. I persuaded an Australian friend who had lived outback for years to take me to see some aborigines living in the bush. <SEP> It was a difficult and ambiguous kind of negotiation even though the rancher was said to be expert in his knowledge of the aborigines and their language. Finally however the arrangements were made and we drove out into the bush in a Land Rover. <SEP> We followed the asphalt road for a few miles and then swung off onto a smaller road which was nothing more than two tire marks on the earth. The rancher went a mile down this road and then when he reached a big red boulder swung off the road. <SEP> At once he started to glance toward the instrument panel. It took me a moment to realize what was odd about that panel : there was a gimbaled compass welded to it which rocked gently back and forth as the Land Rover bounced about. <SEP> The rancher was navigating his way across the flatland. Do you always navigate like this I asked. <SEP> Damned right he said. Once I get out on the flat I do. <SEP> Some chaps that know an area well can make their way by landmarks a tree here a wash here a boulder there. If you dont know the place like the palm of your hand youd better use a compass and the speedometer. Two miles northeast then five miles southwest that sort of thing. Very simple. <SEP> He was right. The landscape kept repeating itself. <SEP> I would try to memorize landmarks and saw in a half-hour that it was hopeless. Finally we approached the bivouac of the aborigines. <SEP> They were camped beside a large column-shaped boulder : a man his lubra and two children. The sun was not yet high and all of them were in the small area of shade cast by the boulder. <SEP> There was also a dog a dingo dog. Its ribs showed it was a yellow nondescript color it suffered from a variety of sores hair had scabbed off its body in patches. <SEP> It lay with its head on its paws and only its eyes moving watching us carefully. It struck me as a very bright and very malnourished dog. <SEP> No one patted the dog. It was not a pet. <SEP> It was a worker. The buggers love shade the rancher said. <SEP> I suppose because it saves them some loss of body water. Theyll move around that rock all day following the shade. <SEP> During the hottest part of the day of course the sun comes straight down and there isnt any shade. We drove close to the boulder stopped the Land Rover and walked over toward the family. <SEP> The man was leaning against the rock. He gazed away from us as we approached. <SEP> He was over six feet tall and very thin. His legs were narrow and very long. <SEP> Every bone and muscle in his body showed but he did not give the appearance of starving. He had long black hair and a wispy beard. <SEP> The ridges over his eyes were huge and his eyelids were half shut. There was something about his face that disturbed me and it took several seconds to realize what. <SEP> It was not merely that flies were crawling over his face but his narrowed eyelids did not blink when the flies crawled into his eye sockets. A fly would crawl down the bulging forehead into the socket of the eye walk along the mans lashes and across the wet surface of the eyeball and the eye did not blink. <SEP> The Australian and I both were wearing insect repellent and were not badly bothered by insects but my eyes watered as we stood watching the aborigine. I turned to look at the lubra. <SEP> She remained squatting on her heels all the time we were there like the man she was entirely naked. Her long thin arms moved in a slow rhythmical gesture over the family possessions which were placed in front of her. <SEP> There were two rubbing sticks for making fire two stones shaped roughly like knives a woven-root container which held a few pounds of dried worms and the dead body of some rodent. There was also a long wooden spear and a woomera a spear-throwing device which gives the spear an enormous velocity and high accuracy. <SEP> There was also a boomerang elaborately carved. Everything was burnished with sweat and grease so that all of the objects seemed to have been carved from the same material and to be ageless. <SEP> The two children both boys wandered around the Australian and me for a few moments and then returned to their work. They squatted on their heels with their heads bent far forward their eyes only a few inches from the ground. <SEP> They had located the runway of a colony of ants and as the ants came out of the ground the boys picked them up one at a time and pinched them dead. The tiny bodies dropped onto a dry leaf made a pile as big as a small apple. <SEP> The odor here was more powerful than that which surrounded the town aborigines. The smell at first was more surprising than unpleasant. <SEP> It was also subtly familiar for it was the odor of the human body but multiplied innumerable times because of the fact that the aborigines never bathed. Ones impulse is to say that the smell was a stink and unpleasant. <SEP> That is a cliche and a dishonest one. The smell is sexual but so powerfully so that a civilized nose must deny it. <SEP> Their skin was covered with a thin coating of sweat and dirt which had almost the consistency of a second skin. They roll at night in ashes to keep warm and their second skin has a light dusty cast to it. <SEP> In spots such as the elbows and knees the second skin is worn off and I realized the aborigines were much darker than they appeared as if the coating of sweat dirt and ashes were a cosmetic. The boys had beautiful dark eyes and unlike their father they brushed constantly at the flies and blinked their eyes. <SEP> That smell is something eh mate The Australian asked. They swear that every person smells different and every family smells different from every other. <SEP> At the corroborees when they get to dancing and sweating youll see them rubbing up against a man whos supposed to have a specially good smell. Idje here and he nodded at the man is said to have great odor. <SEP> The stink is all the same to me but I really think they can make one another out blindfolded. Here Idje you fella like tabac He said sharply. <SEP> Idje still stared over our shoulders at the horizon. The Australian stopped trying to talk a pidgin I could understand and spoke strange words from deep in his chest.
cr01.txt:Was among these that Hinkle identified a photograph of Barco <SEP> it seems that Barco fancying himself a ladies man -LRB- and why not after seven marriages -RRB- had listed himself for Mormon Beard roles at the instigation of his fourth murder victim who had said : With your beard dear you ought to be in movies Mills secured Barcos photograph from the gentleman in charge rushed to the Hollywood police station to report the theft and less than five minutes later detectives with his picture in hand were on the trail of Cal Barco. <SEP> On their way they stopped at every gas station along the main boulevards to question the attendants. Finally at Ye Olde Gasse Filling Station on Avocado Avenue they learned that their man having paused to get oil for his car had asked about the route to San Diego. <SEP> They headed in that direction and at San Juan Capistrano By-the-Sea came upon Barco sitting in the quaint old Spanish Mission Drive-in eating a hot tamale. At the moment Barcos back was to the road so he didnt see the detectives close in on his convertible which in their quest for the stolen lap rug they proceeded to search. <SEP> The robe however was missing for by that time Barco had disposed of it at a pawnshop in Glendale. The detectives placed Barco under arrest and without informing him of the nature of the charge took him back to Hollywood for questioning. <SEP> Thus it was that Barco apprehended for mere larceny now began to suspect that one or another of his murders had been uncovered. During the return trip Barco kept muttering to himself in meaningless phrases such as : Theyre under sand dunes Theyre better off I tell you I saved their souls. <SEP> The detective commenting on Barcos behavior felt that he merely belonged among the myriad citizens of our community who are mentally unhinged -- that he was a more or less harmless nut However while in his cell awaiting trial for theft Barco in a fit of apprehension made an attempt to take his own life. <SEP> The attempt had failed because when endeavoring to cut his wrists this murderer of seven women had fainted at the sight of blood. The jail authorities -- attaching no particular significance to the episode -- offered Barco whisky to revive him but the old fellow a lifelong teetotaler refused it and no more was thought of the matter. <SEP> Then it was that District Attorney Welch entered the case. A man of vaulting ambition with one eye on the mayorship of Los Angeles nothing ever escaped him which might possibly lead to personal publicity. <SEP> It was reported to Welchs office that a thief in the city jail had attempted suicide. Welch wanted to know why. <SEP> No one knew. Now Welch had a pet theory that everyone is guilty of breaking more laws than he ever gets caught at. <SEP> The suicide attempt looked to him like an opportunity to put his theory to the test. He paid a call on Barco in his cell and began their chat by stating bluntly : Barco weve got the goods on you <SEP> Itll be a lot better if you come clean. At first Barco was evasive and shifty. <SEP> With Welchs relentless pursuit of the subject Barco finally broke and started confessing to one murder after another. By the time Barco reached the count of three the situation seemed to Welch almost too good to be true. <SEP> If true it was the case of which he had dreamed the case which would throw him into headlines all over America as the hero of a great murder trial. Welch summoned jail officials to Barcos cell. <SEP> To Welchs chagrin the police captain pooh-poohed Welchs credulity in Barcos confession. Barco was clearly a nut. <SEP> It required strength bravado daring to commit murder. That worm a murderer Ridiculous Then for the first time since his arrest a glint of spirit lit Barcos eyes. <SEP> His manhood had been attacked. He stiffened and rose to his feet. <SEP> Hed show them Is that so He queried. <SEP> Well for ten years Ive been murdering women. I can lead you to every one of the bodies and there aint four nor five nor six ofem -- theres seven <SEP> The next day the police captain in derision organized what he termed Welchs Wild Goose Chase. Indeed it seemed incredible that anyone could go on committing murder for ten years and not get caught at it even in Hollywood. <SEP> The searching party consisted of the police captain Welch Barco policemen with shovels newspaper reporters and cameramen. Barco his state of apprehension gone never to return had assumed a matter-of-factness which remained his principal attitude from that time on. <SEP> He directed the cortege of autos to the sand dunes near Santa Monica. Stopping the cars at a fork in the road he got out paced off a certain distance to a spot between two shrub-covered sand hills and indicated a location. <SEP> Orders were given to dig. Nothing was found. <SEP> Welch was worried. The police captain chortled. <SEP> The newspaper boys cracked jokes and again Barcos pride was aroused. With greater precision he again paced off a location this time a little more to the left. <SEP> With quibs and gibes the policemen again started digging. Welch was on edge. <SEP> The captain was remarking that it was a nice day for a picnic when finally one of the shovels struck an object. Theres something here Said the digger. <SEP> Joking stopped and everyone gathered around. The digger thrusting about with his shovel now raised into view a package crudely wrapped in one of the murderers Hollywood sport shirts. <SEP> Although it was a mere fragment of the victims remains it was enough. Welch was wild with delight. <SEP> His elation grew as Barcos seven disclosures brought to light one reward after another. Now did Welch truly become the man of the hour and everything that followed in the procedure of Justice was a new triumph for him. <SEP> It went to his head and his ambition increased. It was apparent that Welch was in cahoots with Marshall and would use his power as D.A. To drag every possible sensation into the case. <SEP> Every new scandal which would provide more copy for Marshalls pen would thus mean more publicity for Welch. I knew that both these cynics were waiting with impatience for the dramatic moment when Viola was called to the stand. <SEP> Once there the D.A. With devilish cleverness would provide Marshall with headlines : Violas Multiple Romances Viola Lake an Addict Downfall of Another Film Idol It would be fine publicity for the man who was willing to walk to the mayors throne over the broken reputation of a helpless girl <SEP> I studied Welch closely as the trial progressed for any hint which might give me a lead as to how he might be thwarted. It wasnt long before I sensed that there was something deeper than overvaulting ambition back of his desire for Violas destruction. <SEP> He was bitter and resentful toward her personally resentful. A dreadful fear entered my consciousness that perhaps he had entertained aspirations toward Violas favors -- or even more serious perhaps that he had attained a share of them and had then been superseded by some luckier chap. <SEP> I did not rest until I had tracked the mystery down. Well here it is. <SEP> One day over a year before there had been a cocktail party in an apartment of a downtown hotel. Viola had been urged to attend by telephone and not knowing the host or the character of the party she had gone. <SEP> She arrived late and as she entered the party noted that gentlemen seemed to be in the majority the air was thick with smoke empty bottles were in evidence and several of the guests were somewhat the worse for liquor. Naturally Viola had no wish to remain but she felt she couldnt leave so soon after her arrival in all politeness to her host. <SEP> It so happened that adjacent to a couch on which she had taken refuge was a small table on which she noted a vase of red rosebuds while projecting from beneath the couch were a pair of feet which as Fate would have it belonged to District Attorney Welch. As Viola sat there a playful impulse overcame her to remove the shoes and socks from the unidentified feet and as a prank insert rosebuds between the toes. <SEP> A little later the district attorney woke up emerged from under the couch looked at his watch and realized he had an engagement that very hour to address a meeting of the Culture Forum on The Civic Spirit of the Southland in the Byzantine room of the hotel where his wife as president of the forum was to preside. He made his way to his hosts bedroom where he carefully brushed himself off neatly arranged his hair and painstakingly selected his hat from the many on the bed. <SEP> Then noting neither the absence of his footwear nor the presence of the rosebuds he made his way to the Byzantine room and with his usual dignity mounted the rostrum. The effect on the intellectuals among his audience may well be imagined. <SEP> The incident aside from reflecting on Welchs political career had all but wrecked his home life. He never rested until he discovered who the culprit was and when he did he vowed vengeance on Viola Lake if ever the chance came his way. <SEP> Here it was By such innocent actions are human tragedies sometimes set in motion. <SEP> During these first days of the trial I didnt have as much time to commiserate with Viola as I should have liked. In the first place it was difficult for us to meet. <SEP> We couldnt be seen together for the tongue of Scandal was ever ready to link our names and the tongue of Scandal finds but one thing to say of the association of a man with a girl no matter how innocent. I couldnt invite Viola to our house for Mother snobbishly refused to receive her. <SEP> Now the Czarship had not affected my own sense of social values but Mother had attained a reflected glory through it which had opened the doors of Los Angeles-Pasadena Society to her. There Mother was received by the scions of aristocratic lines which are dominated by the Budweisers -LRB- of beer derivation -RRB- the Chalmers -LRB- of underwear origin -RRB- and the Heinzes -LRB- whose forbears founded a nationally famous trade in pickles -RRB-. <SEP> I hated being dragged into the salons of these aristocrats. Mother insisted for it is seldom indeed that anyone remotely connected with the cinema is ever received in their exclusive midsts. <SEP> In fact it was not until the King of Spain had visited at Pickfair that Mary and Doug were beckoned to cross the sacred barriers which separate Los Angeles and Pasadena from the hoi-polloi. Mother even went so far as to trump up for me matrimonial opportunities with Pasadena debs who had been educated abroad and with those of the more lenient Los Angeles area where a debutante was a girl who had been to high school. <SEP> At long last came a time when I broke away from Mother and her society chi-chi in order to spend a cosy evening with Viola and her chaperon at her home. However such a hotbed of gossip had grown up during the trial that every precaution had to be taken to keep my visit from being whispered to the world Society and even alas to my own mother. <SEP> When I arrived at Violas I was shown to my surprise into the kitchen. Viola greeted me in checked apron ladle in hand and explained it was the cooks night out and that she herself was preparing dinner. <SEP> I sat and watched proceedings. There was to be roast chicken with dressing giblet gravy asparagus new peas with a sprig of mint creamed onions and mashed potatoes -- all chosen prepared and cooked by Viola herself.
ck12.txt:Was a child too much a part of her environment too eager to grow and learn and experience. <SEP> Once they were at Easthampton for the summer -LRB- again Fritzie said a good place even though they were being robbed -RRB-. One soft evening -- that marvelous sea-blessed time when the suns departing warmth lingers and a smell of spume and wrack haunts everything -- Amy had picked herself off the floor and begun to walk. <SEP> Fritzie was on the couch reading Laura was sitting in an easy chair about eight feet away. The infant in white terry-cloth bathrobe her face intense and purposeful had essayed a few wobbly steps toward her father. <SEP> Yall wanna walk -- walk he said. Then gently he shoved her behind toward Laura. <SEP> Amy walked -- making it halfway across the cottage floor. She lost not a second picking herself up and continuing her pilgrimage to Laura. <SEP> Then Laura took her gently and shoved her off again toward Fritzie : Amy did not laugh -- this was work concentration achievement. In a few minutes she was making the ten-foot hike unaided soon she was parading around the house flaunting her new skill. <SEP> Some liars logic a wisp of optimism as fragile as the scent of tropical blossoms that came through the window -LRB- a euphoria perhaps engendered by the pill Fritzie had given her -RRB- consoled her for a moment. Amy had to be safe had to come back to them -- if only to reap that share of lifes experiences that were her due if only to give her parents another chance to do better by her. <SEP> Through the swathings of terror she jabbed deceits sharp point -- Amy would be reborn a new child with new parents living under new circumstances. The comfort was short-lived yet she found herself returning to the assurance whenever her imagination forced images on her too awful to contemplate without the prop of illusion. <SEP> Gazing at her husbands drugged body his chest rising and falling in mindless rhythms she saw the grandeur of his fictional world that lush garden from which he plucked flowers and herbs. She envied him. <SEP> She admired him. In the darkness she saw him stirring. <SEP> He seemed to be muttering his voice surprisingly clear. Yall should have let me take that money out Andrus said. <SEP> Nother minute Id have been fine. Hall should have let me do it. <SEP> Laura touched his hand. Yes I know Fritzie. <SEP> I should have. Tuesday The heat intensified on Tuesday. <SEP> Southern California gasped and blinked under an autumn hot spell drier more enervating more laden with mans contrived impurities than the worst days of the summer past. It could continue this way hitting and more in the Valley Joe McFeeley knew into October. <SEP> He and Irvin Moll were sipping coffee at the breakfast bar. Both had been up since : -- Irv on the early-morning watch McFeeley unable to sleep during his four-hour relief. <SEP> The night before they had telephoned the Andrus maid Selena Masters and she had arrived early bursting her vigorous presence into the silent house with an assurance that amused McFeeley and confounded Moll. The latter thanking her for the coffee had winked and muttered Surenuff honey. <SEP> Selena was the wrong woman for these crudities. With a hard eye she informed Moll : Dont surenuff me officer. <SEP> Im honey only to my husband understand Sergeant Moll understood. <SEP> The maid was very black and very energetic trim in a yellow pique uniform. Her speech was barren of southernisms she was one of Eliot Sparlings neutralized minorities adopting the rolling Rs and constricted vowels of Los Angeles. <SEP> Not seeing her dark intelligent face one would have gauged the voice as that of a Westwood Village matron ten years out of Iowa. After she had served the detectives coffee and toast -LRB- they politely declined eggs uncomfortable about their tenancy -RRB- she settled down with a morning newspaper and began reading the stock market quotations. <SEP> While she was thus engaged McFeeley questioned her about her whereabouts the previous day any recollections she had of people hanging around of overcurious delivery boys or repairmen of strange cars cruising the neighborhood. She answered him precisely missing not a beat in her scrutiny of the financial reports. <SEP> Selena Masters Joe realized was her own woman. She was the only kind of Negro Laura Andrus would want around : independent unservile probably charging double what ordinary maids did for housework -- and doubly efficient. <SEP> When the parents emerged from the bedroom a few minutes later the maid greeted them quietly. Im awful sorry about whats happened Selena said. <SEP> Maybe todayll be a good-news day. She charged off to the bedrooms. <SEP> Moll took his coffee into the nursery. During the night a phone company technician had deadened the bells and installed red blinkers on the phones. <SEP> Someone would have to remain in the office continually. McFeeley greeted the parents then studied his notebook. <SEP> He wanted to take the mother to headquarters at once and start her on the mug file. Sleep well He asked. <SEP> Andrus did not answer him. His face was bloated with drugging redder than normal. <SEP> The woman had the glassy look of an invalid as if she had not slept at all. Oh -- we managed she said. <SEP> Im a little groggy. Anything happen during the night <SEP> Few crank calls McFeeley said. A couple of tips were running down -- nothing promising. We can expect more of the same. Too bad your number is in the directory. <SEP> Didnt occur to me my child would be kidnaped when I had it listed Andrus muttered. He settled on the sofa with his coffee warming his hands on the cup although the room was heavy with heat. <SEP> The three had little to say to each other. The previous nights horror -- the absolute failure overcast with the intrusions of the press had left them all with a wan sense of uselessness of play-acting. <SEP> Sipping their coffee discussing the weather the days shopping Fritzies commitments at the network -LRB- all of which he would cancel -RRB- they avoided the radio the morning TV news show even the front page of the Santa Luisa Register resting on the kitchen bar. Kidnaper spurns ransom Amy still missing. <SEP> Once Andrus walked by it hastily scanned the bold black headline and the five-column lead of the article -LRB- by Duane Bosch staff correspondent -- age not given -RRB- and muttered : We a buncha national celebrities. McFeeley told the parents he would escort them to police headquarters in a half hour. <SEP> Before that he wanted to talk to the neighbors. He did not want to bring the Andruses to the station house too early -- Rheinholdt had summoned a press conference and he didnt want them subjected to the reporters again. <SEP> He could think of nothing else to tell them : no assurances no hopeful hints at great discoveries that day. When the detective left Andrus phoned his secretary to cancel his work and to advise the network to get a substitute director for his current project. <SEP> Mrs. Andrus was talking to the maid arranging for her to come in every day instead of the four days she now worked. Outside only a handful of reporters remained. <SEP> The bulk of the press corps was covering Rheinholdts conference. In contrast to the caravan of the previous night there were only four cars parked across the street. <SEP> Two men he did not recognize were sipping coffee and munching sweet rolls. He did not see Sparling or DeGroot or Ringel or any of the feverish crew that had so harassed him twelve hours ago. <SEP> However the litter remained augmented by several dozen lunchroom suppers. The street cleaner had not yet been around. <SEP> One of the reporters called to him : Anything new Lieutenant he ignored him skirting the parked cars and walking up the path to the Skopas house. <SEP> When McFeeley was halfway to the door the proprietor emerged -- a mountainous dark man his head thick with resiny black hair his eyes like two of the black olives he imported in boatloads. McFeeley identified himself. <SEP> The master of the house his nourished face unrevealing consented to postpone his departure a few minutes to talk to the detective. Inside as soon as Mr. Skopas had disclosed -- in a hoarse whisper -- the detectives errand his family gathered in a huddle forming a mass of dark flesh on and around a brocaded sofa which stood at one side of a baroque fireplace. <SEP> Flanked by marble urns and alabaster lamps they seemed to be posing for a tribal portrait. It was amazing how they had herded together for protection : an enormous matriarch in a quilted silk wrapper rising from the breakfast table a gross boy in his teens shuffling in from the kitchen with a sandwich in his hands a girl in her twenties fat and sullen descending the marble staircase then all four gathering on the sofa to face the inquisitor. <SEP> They answered him in monosyllables nods occasionally muttering in Greek to one another awaiting the word from Papa who restlessly cracked his knuckles anxious to stuff himself into his white Cadillac and burst off to the freeway. No they hadnt seen anyone around no they didnt know the Andrus family yes they had read about the case yes they had let some reporters use their phone but they would no longer. <SEP> They offered no opinions volunteered nothing betrayed no emotions. Studying them McFeeley could not help make comparison with the Andrus couple. <SEP> The Skopas people seemed to him of that breed of human beings whose insularity frees them from tragedy. He imagined they were the kind whose tax returns were never examined -LRB- if they were they were never penalized -RRB- whose children had no unhappy romances whose names never knew scandal. <SEP> The equation was simple : wealth brought them happiness and their united front to the world was their warning that they meant to keep everything they had let no one in on the secrets. By comparison Fritzie and Laura Andrus were quivering fledglings. <SEP> They possessed no outer fortifications no hard shells of confidence they had enough difficulty getting from day to day let alone having an awful crime thrust upon them. Skopas expressed no curiosity over the case offered no expression of sympathy made no move to escort McFeely to the door. <SEP> All four remained impacted on the sofa until he had left. He had spoken to Mrs. Emerson the previous day. <SEP> There remained a family named Kahler owners of a two-story Tudor-style house on the south side of the Andrus home. Their names had not come up in any discussions with Laura and he had no idea what they would be like. <SEP> McFeeley noted the immaculate lawn and gardens : each blade of grass cropped bright and firm each shrub glazed with good health. The door was answered by a slender man in his sixties -- straight-backed somewhat clerical in manner wearing rimless glasses. <SEP> When Joe identified himself he nodded unsmiling and ushered him into a sedate living room. Mrs. Kahler joined them. <SEP> She had a dried-out quality -- a gray lean woman not unattractive. Both were dressed rather formally. <SEP> The man wore a vest and a tie the woman had on a dark green dress and three strands of pearls. Funny thing Mr. Kahler said when they were seated when I heard you ringing I figured it was that guy down the block Hausman. <SEP> McFeeley looked puzzled. Kahler continued : I fixed his dog the other day and I guess hes sore so I expected him to come barging in. <SEP> Mr. Kahler went on to explain how Hausmans fox terrier had been making in his flower beds. The dog refused to be scared off so Kahler had purchased some small firecrackers. <SEP> He would lay in wait in the garage and when the terrier came scratching around hed let fly with a cherry bomb. Scared the hell out of him Kahler grinned. <SEP> I hit him in the ass once. Both grinned at the detective. <SEP> Finally all I needed was to throw a little piece of red wood that looked like a firecracker and that dumb dog would run ki-yi-ing for his life.
ck18.txt:Was getting real dramatic. <SEP> Id have been more impressed if I hadnt remembered that shed played Hedda Gabler in her highschool dramatics course. I didnt want her back on that broken record. <SEP> Nothings free in the whole goddam world was all I could think of to say. When Id delivered myself of that gem there was nothing to do but order up another drink. <SEP> I am she said. Id forgotten all about Thelma and the Kentucky Derby and how it was Thelmas fifty dollars I was spending. <SEP> It was just me and Eileen getting drunk together like we used to in the old days and me staring at her across the table crazy to get my hands on her partly because I wanted to wring her neck because she was so ornery but mostly because she was so wonderful to touch. Drunk or sober she was the most attractive woman in the world for me. <SEP> I was crazy about her all over again. It was the call of the wild all right. <SEP> That evening turned out to be hell like all the others. We moved down Broadway from ginmill to ginmill. <SEP> It was the same old routine. Eileen got to dancing just a little tiny dancing step to a hummed tune that you could hardly notice and trying to pick up strange men but each time I was ready to say to hell with it and walk out shed pull herself together and talk so understandingly in that sweet husky voice about the good times and the happiness wed had together and there I was back on the hook. <SEP> I did have the decency to call up Thelma and tell her Id met old friends and would be home late. I could scratch her eyes out Eileen cried and stamped her foot when I came back from the phone booth. <SEP> You know I dont like my men to have other women. I hate it. <SEP> I hate it. She got so drunk I had to take her home. <SEP> It was a walk up on Hudson Street. She just about made me carry her upstairs and then she clung to me and wouldnt let me go. <SEP> There was a mans jacket on the chair and a straw hat on the table. The place smelt of some kind of hair lotion these pimplike characters use. What about Ballestre <SEP> I had to shake her to make her listen. Precious. What about him Suddenly she was very mysterious and dramatic. <SEP> Precious and I allow each other absolute freedom. We are above being jealous. <SEP> Hes used to me bringing home strange men. Ill just tell him youre my husband. <SEP> He cant object to that. Well I object. <SEP> If he pokes his nose in here Ill slug him. That really would be funny. <SEP> She began to laugh. She was still laughing when I grabbed her and started rolling her on the bed. <SEP> After all Im made of flesh and blood. Im not a plaster saint. <SEP> Waking up was horrible. Never in my life have I felt so remorseful about anything Ive done as I did about spending that night with my own wife. <SEP> We both had hangovers. Eileen declared she couldnt lift her head from the pillow. <SEP> She lay under the covers making jabbing motions with her forefinger telling me where to look for the coffeepot. I was stumbling in my undershirt trying to find my way around her damn kitchenette when I smelt that sickish sweet hairtonic smell. <SEP> There was somebody else in the apartment. I stiffened. <SEP> Honest I could feel the hair stand up on the back of my neck like a dogs that is going to get into a fight. I turned around with the percolator in my hand. <SEP> My eyes were so bleary I could barely see him but there he was a little smooth olivefaced guy in a new spring overcoat and a taffycolored fedora. Brown eyes eyebrow mustache. Oval face without an expression in the world. We didnt have time to speak before Eileens voice was screeching at us from the bed. <SEP> Joseph Maria Ballestre meet Francis Xavier Bowman. Exboyfriend meet exhusband. <SEP> She gave the nastiest laugh I ever heard. Either of you forget that Im not any mans property. <SEP> If you want to fight go down on the sidewalk. She was enjoying the situation. <SEP> Imagine that. Eileen was a psychologist all right. <SEP> Instead of wanting to sock the poor bastard I found myself having a fellowfeeling for him. Maybe he felt the same way. <SEP> I never felt such a lowdown hound in my life. First thing I knew he was in the kitchenette cooking up the breakfast and I was handing Eileen her coffeecup and she was lying there handsome as a queen among her courtiers. <SEP> I couldnt face Thelma after that night. I didnt even have the nerve to call her on the telephone. <SEP> I wrote her that Id met up with Eileen and that old bonds had proved too strong and asked her to send my clothes down by express. Of course I had to give her Eileens address but she never came near us. <SEP> All she did was write me a pleasant little note about how it was beautiful while it lasted but that now life had parted our ways and it was goodbye forever. She never said a word about the fifty dollars. <SEP> She added a postscript begging me to be careful about drinking. I must know that that was my greatest weakness underlined three times. <SEP> Afterwards I learned that Eileen had called Thelma on the telephone and made a big scene about Thelma trying to take her husband away. That finished me with Thelma. Trust Eileen to squeeze all the drama out of a situation. <SEP> There I was shacked up with Eileen in that filthy fourth floor attic on Hudson Street. I use the phrase advisedly because there was something positively indecent about our relationship. <SEP> I felt it and it ate on me all the time but I didnt know how right I was till later. What I did know was that Precious was always around. <SEP> He slept in the hall bedroom at the head of the stairs. Who do you think pays the rent <SEP> You wouldnt have me throw the poor boy out on the street Eileen said when I needled her about it. I said sure that was what I wanted her to do but she paid no attention. <SEP> Eileen had a wonderful way of not listening to things she didnt want to hear. Still I didnt think she was twotiming me with Precious right then. <SEP> To be on the safe side I never let Eileen get out of my sight day or night. Precious had me worried. <SEP> I couldnt make out what his racket was. Id thought him a pimp or procurer but he didnt seem to be. <SEP> He was smooth and civil spoken but it seemed to me there was something tough under his selfeffacing manner. Still he let Eileen treat him like a valet. <SEP> Whenever the place was cleaned or a meal served it was Precious who did the work. I never could find out what his business was. <SEP> He always seemed to have money in his pocket. The phone had been disconnected but telegrams came for him and notes by special messenger. <SEP> Now and then he would disappear for several days. Connections was all he would say with that smooth hurt smile when I put leading questions. <SEP> Oh hes just an international spy Eileen would shout with her screechy laugh. Poor devil he cant have been too happy either. <SEP> He got no relief from drink because though sometimes Precious would buy himself a drink if he went out with us in the evening hed leave it on the table untouched. When I was in liquor I rode him pretty hard I guess. <SEP> Occasionally if I pushed him too far hed give me a look out of narrowed eyes and the hard cruel bony skull would show through that smooth face of his. Some day I told Eileen that guy will kill us both. <SEP> She just wouldnt listen. Getting drunk every night was the only way I could handle the situation. <SEP> Eileen seemed to feel the same way. We still had that much in common. <SEP> The trouble was drinking cost money. The way Eileen and I were hitting it up we needed ten or fifteen dollars an evening. <SEP> Eileen must have wheedled a little out of Precious. I raised some kale by hocking the good clothes I had left over from my respectable uptown life but when that was gone I didnt have a cent. <SEP> I dont know what we would have done if Pat ODwyer hadnt come to town. Pat ODwyer looked like a heavier Jim. <SEP> He had the same bullet head of curly reddish hair but he didnt have Jims pokerfaced humor or his brains or his charm. He was a big thick beefy violent man. <SEP> Now Pat may have been a lecher and a plugugly but he was a good churchgoing Catholic and he loved his little sister. Those ODwyers had that Irish clannishness that made them stick together in spite of politics and everything. <SEP> Pat took Eileen and me out to dinner at a swell steak house and told us with tears in his eyes how happy he was we had come together again. Whom God hath joined etcetera. The ODwyers were real religious people except for Kate. <SEP> Now it would be up to me to keep the little girl out of mischief. Pat had been worried as hell ever since shed lost her job on that fashion magazine. <SEP> It had gone big with the Hollywood girls when he told them his sister was an editor of Art And Apparel. How about me trying to help her get her job back All evening Eileen had been as demure as a little girl getting ready for her first communion. <SEP> It just about blew us both out of the water when Eileen suddenly came out with what she came out with. But brother I cant take a job right now she said with her eyes on her ice cream Im going to have a baby Francis Xaviers baby my own husbands baby. <SEP> My first thought was how had it happened so soon but I counted back on my fingers and sure enough wed been living together six weeks. Pat meanwhile was bubbling over with sentiment. Greatest thing that ever happened. <SEP> Now Eileen really would have to settle down to love honor and obey and shed have to quit drinking. Hed come East for the christening by God he would. <SEP> When we separated that evening Pat pushed a hundred dollar bill into Eileens hand to help towards a layette. Before he left town Pat saw to it that I was fixed up with a job. <SEP> Pat had contacts all over the labor movement. A friend of Pats named Frank Sposato had just muscled into the Portwatchers Union. <SEP> The portwatchers were retired longshoremen and small time seafarers off towboats and barges who acted as watchmen on the wharves. Most of them were elderly men. <SEP> It was responsible and sometimes dangerous work because the thieving is awful in the port of New York. They werent as well paid as they should have been. <SEP> One reason the portwatchers let Sposato take them over was to get the protection of his musclemen. Sposato needed a front some labor stiff with a clean record to act as business agent of the Redhook local. <SEP> There I was a retired wobbly and structural iron worker whod never gouged a cent off a fellow worker in my thirty years in the movement. For once radicalism was a recommendation. <SEP> Sposato couldnt wait to get me hired. With my gray hair and my weatherbeaten countenance I certainly looked the honest working stiff. The things a man will do for a woman.
cn18.txt:Many people think that the primary purpose of a higher education is to help you make a living this is not so for education offers all kinds of dividends including how to pull the wool over a husbands eyes while you are having an affair with his wife. <SEP> If it were not for an old professor who made me read the classics I would have been stymied on what to do and now I understand why they are classics those who wrote them knew people and what made people tick. I worked for my Uncle -LRB- an Uncle by marriage so you will not think this has a mild undercurrent of incest -RRB- who ran one of those antique shops in New Orleans Vieux Carre the old French Quarter. <SEP> The arrangement I had with him was to work four hours a day. The rest of the time I devoted to painting or to those other activities a young and healthy man just out of college finds interesting. <SEP> I had a one-room studio which overlooked an ancient courtyard filled with flowers and plants blooming everlastingly in the southern sun. I had come to New Orleans two years earlier after graduating college partly because I loved the city and partly because there was quite a noted art colony there. <SEP> When my Uncle offered me a part-time job which would take care of my normal expenses and give me time to paint I accepted. The arrangement turned out to be excellent. <SEP> I loved the city and I particularly loved the gaiety and spirit of Mardi Gras. I had seen two of them and we would soon be in another city-wide joyous celebration with romance in the air and when you took a walk you never knew what adventure or pair of sparkling eyes were waiting around the next corner. <SEP> The very faces of the people bore this expectation of fun and pleasure. It was as if they could hardly wait to get into their costumes cover their faces with masks and go adventuring. <SEP> My Uncle and I were not too close socially because of the difference in our ages. Sometimes I wondered vaguely what he did about women for my Aunt by blood had died some years ago but neither of us said anything. <SEP> One Monday morning I saw him approach the store with a woman and introduce me to her as my new Aunt. They were married over the week-end though he was easily sixty and she could not have been even thirty. <SEP> She looked more like twenty-five or six. It was really a May and December combination. <SEP> My new Aunt was perhaps three or four years older than I and it had been a long time since I had seen as gorgeous a woman who oozed sex. There was something about the contour of her face her smile that was like New Orleans sunshine the way she held her head the way she walked -- there was scarcely anything she did which did not fascinate me. <SEP> Her legs were the full sexy kind full bodied like a rare wine and just as tantalizing to the appetite the calf was magnificent the ankle perfect. You must forgive me if I seem to dwell too much on her physical aspects but I am an artist accustomed to studying the physical body. <SEP> The true artist is like one of those scientists who from a single bone can reconstruct an animals entire body. The artist looks at an ankle a calf a bosom and in his minds eye the clothes drop away and he sees her as she really is. <SEP> That is the way I first saw her when my Uncle brought her into his antique store. That she impressed me instantly was obvious I was aware that when our eyes met we both quickly averted them. <SEP> I thought I saw a faint surge of color rise to her neck and quickly suffuse her cheeks. True she was my Aunt married to an Uncle related to me only by marriage but why she had married a man twice her age and more perhaps I did not know or much care. <SEP> She was standing with her back to the glass door. Her form was silhouetted and with the strong light I could see the outlines of her body a body that an artist or anyone else would have admired. <SEP> As it is in so many affairs of the heart a man and a woman meet and something clicks. Something clicked in this instance but I treated her circumspectly and I felt that she knew it for we both kept our distance. <SEP> When she appeared at the store to help out for a few hours even my looking at her was surreptitious lest my Uncle notice it. And then I became aware that she too glanced at me surreptitiously. <SEP> I felt that her eyes were undressing me as if she were a painter and I a nude model. I dismissed these feelings as wishful thinking but I could not get it out of my head that we had a strong physical attraction for one another and we both feared to dwell on it because of our relationship. <SEP> When our eyes met the air was filled with an unuttered message of Me too. You have probably experienced this. <SEP> It is nothing you can put your fingers on but the air suddenly fills with a high charge of electricity. Why she married him I do not know. <SEP> I myself was fond of him but what a young woman half his age saw in him was a mystery to me. He already had that slow pace that comes over the elderly while she herself had all the signs of one who appreciates the joys of living. <SEP> Perhaps with my Uncle she found a measure of economic security that she needed or maybe she liked men old enough to be her father some women with father fixations do. For several weeks we eyed one another almost like sparring partners and then one day Uncle was slightly indisposed and stayed home his bride opened the store. <SEP> I was waiting in front of it when she showed up and told me of my Uncles indisposition. Even as she was telling me about it I became aware of a give-away flush that suffused her neck and moved upwards to her cheeks and subconsciously I realized that when she entered the store she did not switch on the lights. <SEP> The cavernous depth cluttered with antiques echoed to her hard heels as she walked directly to the office in the rear and took the seat at his desk. She placed her palms fingers outspread on the desk in an odd gesture as if to say Now what next <SEP> I was aware of a humid look in her eyes that told me the time was opportune. There was little likelihood of any customers walking in at that hour. <SEP> I was standing beside her watching the outspread palms and wondering about the old horsehair sofa against the wall on which he sometimes napped. I bent and kissed the still pink neck and suddenly she jumped up and her two arms encircled me in a bear-like crush. <SEP> Her mouth which had been so much in my thoughts was warm and moist and tender. I heard her murmur Wed better lock the door. <SEP> It did not take me long to slip the bolt securely and return to the rear and its couch. When we opened the door again for business and switched on the lights she said : He will not always be indisposed. <SEP> I know. I was thinking about that. <SEP> How will we work it out I dont know she said. <SEP> Youre the man. You figure it out. <SEP> Ive noticed the way youve been looking at me ever since we met. I guess we both felt it. I said. <SEP> I guess so she said. But now what Even as I said it I realized that an education can be invaluable. <SEP> I know what we can do I said. Tell him I made a pass at you. <SEP> She raised a protesting hand with a startled air. What are you trying to do <SEP> Get thrown out If I even hint at it do you think it will matter that you are his nephew -- and not even a blood nephew <SEP> I dont want to be thrown out and I dont think I will. I think I have a way so we can carry on without his suspecting us. <SEP> By telling him you are making passes at me She said incredulously. When I was in college I grinned I remember a poem I had to read in my lit class. <SEP> I dont even remember who wrote it but it was one of those th or th century poets. In those days poems often told a story in verse and those boys had some corkers to tell and now I think we can use the knowledge they passed on to us. <SEP> Tomorrow Mardi Gras opens officially. A lot of people will roam the streets in costumes and masks and having a ball. <SEP> There will be romance and flirtation. If you tell him I made a pass at you he might think you misunderstood something I said or did so instead of just telling him I made a pass say I tried to date you and that you agreed so you could prove to him what a louse I really am. <SEP> We made a rendezvous tomorrow evening at nine on some street near Lake Ponchartrain. To prove what you tell him about me you suggest that he keep the date instead. <SEP> You are both the same size. He could use your clothes for a costume and a heavy veil for a mask. <SEP> When I show up he will know you are a good wife to have told him about it. But you -- she began. <SEP> Dont worry about me. It will turn out all right. <SEP> I dont understand she insisted. You trying to cut your throat <SEP> No I chuckled Im just beginning to collect dividends on my investment in education. As we expected on the following day my Uncle was completely recovered and opened the store as usual at in the morning. <SEP> I felt that he looked at me coldly and appraisingly and seemed to be uncertain what his attitude towards me should be but he did not say one word which might indicate that he had been told of advances to his wife. I quit work at my usual hour as if this day was no different from other days. <SEP> I heard subsequently that my Uncle and Aunt had dinner in a nearby restaurant in the French Quarter after which he went home to get into his costume to keep the date. Shortly before nine I drove my jalopy to the street facing the Lake and parked the car in shadows far enough away from the rendezvous corner but near enough to keep the corner in clear view. <SEP> A few minutes later I saw my Uncles car drive up and a womans figure emerge and walk to the corner. I must say the figure was well made up. <SEP> If it were not that I knew who it was I could have mistaken it for my Aunt so well did her clothes fit him. In one hand he gripped firmly a parasol though there had been no indication of rain. <SEP> I suspected why he brought it along. In the half darkness I approached cautiously making sure he did not see me. <SEP> He was looking out on the dark waters of the Lake when I came upon him and without wasting words I smacked him hard across the face. You cheap bitch I exclaimed. You cheap no good two-timing bitch <SEP> You get a good loyal husband -- smack -- and you fall for a pass by his own nephew You should -- smack -- be ashamed of yourself.
cp02.txt:Came in and out all evening to see the baby and hold it. <SEP> The room filled with smoke and Maggies head throbbed with excitement and fatigue but Stuart had such a happy earnest look of proud possession on his face that Maggie couldnt bear to do anything to quench it. Little Anne rapidly outdistanced her mother in recovery. <SEP> In two months she became a fat highly social baby with a fuzz of flaxen hair all over her head. She stopped flying into rages and started digesting her food she developed a peaches and cream complexion and a sunny disposition and she asked for nothing more of life than that she be kept dry and comfortable and fed huge amounts of food at stated intervals and be carried to where she could watch activity going on around her. <SEP> She was so heavy that Maggies arms shook from lifting her and taking care of her. Maggie couldnt seem to get her strength back or catch up with herself with all she had to do : there was the big basket of clothes to be coaxed through the rackety old washer and lugged out and lugged back there was the daily round of household chores in which Maggie insisted on participating. <SEP> Worry had a great deal to do with it Stuart had been laid off at the produce company and had to go back to sitting in his fathers office taking what salary his father could hand out to him. Mr. Clifton would have preferred death and bankruptcy to having his son stay with his wifes people without contributing to his and his familys upkeep and besides that there were the things that had to be bought for the baby milk and orange juice and vitamins and soap just plain soap. <SEP> Maggie and Stuart pored over figures every night trying to find how they could squeeze out a few pennies more. In desperation Maggie consulted Eugenia one afternoon : Do you think you could find me something I could do here at home to make some money so I could still watch the baby and do the rest of the things <SEP> It seems to me you have enough to do as it is Eugenia said. She had been watching Maggie go from the washing machine to the baby to the stove and back again. <SEP> I have plenty of odd moments when I could be doing something Maggie said. It would make me feel a lot better but the Womans Exchange isnt taking baked goods any more and I cant leave the baby with Grandma because she isnt strong enough and the babys too young to be put in a nursery. <SEP> I should think so Eugenia said. For one thing you can stop keeping that child in starched dresses and changed from the skin out nineteen times a day. <SEP> Shes so beautiful and I do like to keep her looking nice. Maggie said. She picked up the baby and nuzzled her fat warm little neck. <SEP> Shell be just as beautiful in something that doesnt have to be ironed Eugenia said. Evadna Mae Evans said she didnt put a thing on her child but a flannel wrapper until it was nine months old. <SEP> Evadna Mae Evans got all her baby clothes from Bests Liliputian Bazaar in New York and Im sick and tired of hearing about Evadna Mae Evans. Well now Maggie you dont have to snap at me Eugenia said. <SEP> Im just thinking of a way for you to be sensible. Im sorry. <SEP> I do seem to snap at everybody these days but I would like to think of a way to make a little extra money. Well lets see. <SEP> Lets make a list of your assets. Maggie started laughing and she laughed so hard she couldnt stop and she kept on laughing while she lugged the clothes out to the yard to hang them up while the sun was still shining. <SEP> When she came back Eugenia was sitting at the kitchen table with a pencil and envelope jotting down words and figures. I have here that you could run a nursery of your own for working mothers Eugenia said. <SEP> We could put up cribs on the second floor sleeping porch and turn the front bedroom into a playroom where its nice and sunny but of course it would entail quite a bit of running up and down stairs and Chris said you were to be careful about that. What else You might set up a dress shop in the living room. <SEP> Every woman in the block has tried that. What about a tea room then You could set up tables in the front room and serve salads and your baked beans and brown bread and Grandma could dress like a gypsy and tell fortunes. <SEP> Its too elaborate. Grandma isnt strong enough to take on something like that and to tell you the truth neither am I. <SEP> Eugenia sighed. She said Well those are the really interesting things but if you dont like any of those I can turn over some of my extra typing jobs to you if you think you can type well enough. <SEP> Oh Im sure I could do that Maggie said. It really wouldnt be fair taking your jobs away from you. <SEP> Dont worry I can get plenty more Eugenia said wondering where in the world she could. Maggie was looking much happier already clearing a space on the table and chattering about how she could put up a typewriter right there and be brushing up on her typing so Eugenia wouldnt be ashamed of it. <SEP> Then whenever I have a minute I can be working at it and keep an eye on the baby and the stove at the same time. I can go back to my contests and be thinking while Im doing the washing. <SEP> What are you going to do with your feet so you dont waste anything Maggie laughed. <SEP> She said Oh Eugenia I wish What I wish I had three wishes Maggie said. All of them for you. <SEP> It grew bitterly cold toward the end of November contributing to the miseries of countless numbers of people. The temperature dropped to twenty below at night and stood at zero during the days. <SEP> The cold settled like a tangible pall over the Mile High City locking it in an icy grip that harshened its outlines and altered its physical appearance it had a look of grim stark realism resembling other cities whose habitual climate was cold instead of the sprawling bumptious open-handed greedy Western city basking in eternal sunshine at the foot of mountains stored with endless riches and resources. The jobless huddled in the streets outside of employment offices outside newspaper buildings in parks in relief lines outside government agencies. <SEP> There werent facilities to take care of them there never had been a need felt for such facilities. That kind of poverty was regarded as the exclusive property of the East which created depressions with their stock markets and their congested populations and their greedy centralization of industries protected by discriminatory freight rates. <SEP> The East was popularly supposed to have got the country into war and into depression dragging the west along and now the East was creating government agencies for which the West doubtless would have to pay. The government offices were being opened but they werent being opened fast enough and meanwhile the cold penetrated everything. <SEP> Shivering people talked and argued all this government spending would have to be paid for somehow but on the other hand desperate circumstances called for desperate remedies and something had to be done. Something had to be done it was the theme song of millions of American people their personal problems no less urgent than those of the government. <SEP> Something had to be done. The Abernathys said it to each other a dozen times a day. <SEP> Something had to be done about the furnace the fuel bills the washing machine the doctor and dentist bills about making money stretch for food for the mortgage for taxes for shoes for half soles for overshoes for clothes for the new leaks in the roof for gas and light bills about keeping warm about keeping well about meeting the minor emergencies that came up once twice fifty times a day. Just dropping the babys bottle and breaking it became a catastrophe and Stuart wore out his shoes so fast that he was termed a major disaster. <SEP> The Abernathy furnace consumed fuel like a giant ravenous maw that had to be appeased by hurling tons of coal into its evil red depths and no matter how much coal they put in the house remained cold. Cold came in the innumerable cracks that seemed to have sprung up under doors around loosened window frames from the sleeping porches the attic from the widened cracks between shingles on the roof. <SEP> Presently they had to give up running the furnace at full capacity and depend on the old coal range in the kitchen which had never been removed when the new gas range was installed and the fireplaces and an electric heater in Grandmas room. It was so cold and so wretched that a sort of desperate gaiety infected all of them like people stormbound or shipwrecked or caught in some other freak of circumstance so that time stood still and minor anxieties fell away and the only important thing was to cling together and survive. <SEP> The pipes burst and they all laughed and stood in ice water to their ankles while they swabbed the bathrooms. They lived mainly in the kitchen they moved Maggies bed and the babys basket there and the rest of them undressed by the stove and ran groaning and shivering to the upper polar regions and plunged into icy beds. <SEP> Grandma said it was just like the early mining camp days and it was the way people ought to live only she was getting too old to take the pleasure from it that she used to. You said a mouthful Eugenia said grimly. <SEP> Eugenia hated being cold worse than anything and she was beginning to find the joys of poverty wearing thin. She said to Maggie that it was one thing to meet an emergency and another to wallow in it and it was beginning to look at if this one was going to last forever. <SEP> Plenty of people are poor all their lives. Plenty of people havent our brains and talent. <SEP> I know you when you start talking about brains and talent Maggie said. Youre working up to something and if you dont watch out youll ruin your whole life one of these days just to prove that the Abernathy family is superior to everything even a depression. <SEP> The only thing that worries me is how Im going to prove it Eugenia said. They begged Grandma to let them put a bed in the kitchen for her but Grandma said she was getting too old to sleep in strange beds and be seen with her teeth out and that she hoped to die in privacy like a Christian and if the Lord willed it to be of pneumonia than it would have to be that way. <SEP> She didnt want to be the only one with a stove in her room especially as her life span was nearly run out anyway and she insisted that Hope have the heater. Hope wouldnt hear of it and she took the heater back to Grandmas room and Grandma took it back to Hopes room and the two of them dragged it back and forth until Grandma tipped it over and almost set her bedspread on fire. <SEP> She said that proved she wasnt to be trusted with a fire in her room and she could be burned to a crisp without anybody knowing it. Eugenia suspected her of deliberately overturning the heater because she was getting tired of dragging it back and forth and still wanted her own way but Hope said if Grandma wouldnt have the heater nobody would have it so Grandma had to give in.
ck03.txt:Sat over his second whisky-on-the-rocks in a little bar next to the funeral parlor on Pennsylvania Avenue. <SEP> Als Little Cafe was small dark narrow and filled with the mingled scent of beer tobacco smoke and Italian cooking. Hanging over the bar was an oil painting of a nude Al had accepted from a student at the Corcoran Gallery who needed to eat and drink and was broke. <SEP> The nude was small and black-haired and elfin and was called Eloise. This was one place where Moonan could go for a drink in a back booth without anyone noticing him or at least coming up and hanging around and wanting to know all the low-down. <SEP> The other patrons were taxi drivers and art students and small shopkeepers. The reporters had not yet discovered that this was his hideaway. <SEP> His friend Jane was with him. She was wise enough to realize a man could be good company even if he did weigh too much and didnt own the mint. <SEP> She was the widow of a writer who had died in an airplane crash and Mickie had found her a job as head of the historical section of the Treasury. This meant sorting out press clippings and the like. <SEP> Jane sat receptive and interested. Mickie had a pleasant glow as he said You see both of them I mean the President and Jeff Lawrence are romantics. <SEP> A romantic is one who thinks the world is divinely inspired and all he has to do is find the right key and then divine justice and altruism will appear. Its like focusing a camera the distant ship isnt there until you get the focus. <SEP> You know what Im talking about. Im sure all girls feel this way about men until they live with them. <SEP> When it comes to war the Colonel knows what it is and Jeff doesnt. Mr. Christiansen knows that a soldier will get the Distinguished Service Medal for conduct that would land him in prison for life or the electric chair as a civilian. <SEP> He had a mean unbroken sheer bastard in his outfit and someone invented the name Trig for him. Thats to say he was trigger happy. <SEP> Hed shoot at anything if it was the rear end of a horse or his own sentry. He was a wiry inscrutable silent country boy from the red clay of rural Alabama and he spoke with the broad drawl that others normally make fun of. But not in front of Trig. <SEP> I heard of some that tried it back in the States and hed knock them clear across the room. Thered been a pretty bad incident back at the Marine base. <SEP> A New York kid a refugee from one of the Harlem gangs made fun of Trigs accent and drew a knife. Before the fight was over the Harlem boy had a concussion and Trig was cut up badly. <SEP> They caught Trig stealing liquor from the officers mess and he got a couple of girls in trouble. The fear of punishment just didnt bother him. <SEP> It wasnt there. It was left out of him at birth. <SEP> This is why he made such a magnificent soldier. He wasnt troubled with the ordinary rank-and-file fear that overcomes and paralyzes and sends individual soldiers and whole companies under fire running in panic. <SEP> It just didnt occur to Trig that anything serious would happen to him. You get the picture of the kind of fellow he was <SEP> Jane nodded with a pleasant smile. All right. There was a snipers nest in a mountain cave and it was picking off our men with devilish accuracy. <SEP> The Colonel ordered that it be wiped out and I suggested You ask for volunteers and promise each man on the patrol a quart of whisky ten dollars and a week-end pass to Davao. Trig was one of the five volunteers. <SEP> The patrol snaked around in back of the cave approached it from above and dropped in suddenly with wild howls. You could hear them from our outpost. <SEP> There was a lot of shooting. We knew the enemy was subdued because a flare was fired as the signal. <SEP> So we hurried over. Two of our men were killed a third was wounded. <SEP> Trig and a very black colored boy from Detroit had killed or put out of action ten guerrillas by grenades and hand-to-hand fighting. When we got there Trig and the Negro were quarreling over possession of a gold crucifix around the neck of a wounded Filipino. <SEP> The colored boy had it and Trig lunged at him with a knife and said Give that to me you black bastard. We dontlow nigras to walk on the same sidewalk with white men where I come from. <SEP> The Negro got a bad slice on his chest from the knife wound. What did the Colonel do about the men Jane asked in her placid interested way. <SEP> Mickie laughed. He recommended both of them for the DSM and the Detroit fellow for the Purple Heart too for a combat-inflicted wound. <SEP> So you see Mr. Christiansen knows what its all about. But not Jeff Lawrence. When he was in the war he was in Law or Supplies or something like that and an old buddy of his told me he would come down on Sundays to the Pentagon and read the citations for medals -- just like the one we sent in for Trig -- and go away with a real glow. <SEP> These were heroes nine feet tall to him. Jefferson Lawrence was alone at the small perfectly appointed table by the window looking out over the river. <SEP> He had dinner and sat there over his coffee watching the winding pattern of traffic as it crossed the bridge and spread out like a serpent with two heads. Beside him was Mrs. Dalloway. <SEP> He thought how this dainty fragile older woman threading her way through the streets of Westminster on a day in June enjoying the flowers in the shops the greetings from old friends but never really drawing a deep passionate breath was so like himself. He and Mrs. Dalloway too had never permitted themselves the luxury of joys that dug into the bone marrow of the spirit. <SEP> He had not because he was both poor and ambitious. Poverty imposes a kind of chastity on the ambitious. <SEP> They can not stop to grasp and embrace and sit in the back seat of cars along a dark country lane. No they must look the other way and climb one more painful step up the ladder. <SEP> He made the decision with his eyes open or so he thought. At any cost he must leave the dreary Pennsylvania mining town where his father was a pharmacist. <SEP> So he had so he had. At State College he had no time to walk among the violets on the waters edge. <SEP> From his room he could look out in springtime and see the couples hand in hand walking slowly deliciously across the campus and he could smell the sweet vernal winds. He was not stone. <SEP> He was not unmoved. He had to teach himself patiently that these traps were not for him. <SEP> He must mentally pull the blinds and close the window so that all that existed was in the books before him. At law school the same. More of this stamping down of human emotion as a young lawyer in New York. By the time he was prosperous enough -- his goals were high -- he was bald and afraid of women. <SEP> The only one who would have him was his cripple the strange unhappy woman who became his wife. Perhaps it was right perhaps it was just. <SEP> He had dared to defy nature to turn his back to the Lorelei and he was punished. Like Mrs. Dalloway with her regrets about Peter Walsh he had his moments of melancholy over a youth too well spent. <SEP> If he had had a son he would tell him Gather ye rosebuds while ye may This same flower that smiles today tomorrow will be dying. But then his son could afford it. <SEP> Lawrence was waiting for Bill Boxell. The Vice President had called and asked if he could see the Secretary at his home. <SEP> He said the matter was urgent. The Secretary was uneasy about the visit. <SEP> He did not like Boxell. He suspected something underhanded and furtive about him. <SEP> Lawrence could not put his finger on it precisely and this worried him. When you disliked or distrusted a man you should have a reason. <SEP> Human nature was not a piece of meat you could tell was bad by its smell. Lawrence stared a minute at the lighted ribbon of traffic hoping that a clue to his dislike of the Vice President would appear. <SEP> It did not. Therefore he decided he was unfair to the young man and should make an effort to understand and sympathize with his point of view. <SEP> A half hour later the Vice President arrived. He looked very carefully at every piece of furnishing as though hoping to store this information carefully in his mind. <SEP> He observed the Florentine vase in the hall the Renoir painting in the library as well as the long shelves of well-bound volumes the pattern of the Oriental rug the delicate cut-glass chandelier. He said to the Secretary I understand you came from a little Pennsylvania town near Wilkes-Barre. <SEP> How did you find out about this He waved his arm around at the furnishings. <SEP> It was not a discourteous question Lawrence decided. This young man had so little time to learn he had to be curious he had to find out. <SEP> The Secretary did not tell him at what cost at what loneliness he learned these things. He merely said Any good decorator these days can make you a tasteful home. <SEP> The Vice President said If you hear of any names that would fix me cheap in return for advertising they decorated the Vice Presidents home let me know. I can do business with that kind. <SEP> Again Lawrence thought a little sadly these were the fees of poverty and ambition. Boxell did not have the chance to grow up graciously. <SEP> He had to acquire everything he was going to get in four years. They had brandy in the library. <SEP> Boxell looked at Lawrence with a searching glance the kind that a prosecuting attorney would give a man on trial. What are your weaknesses <SEP> Where will you break How best to destroy your peace The Vice President said with a slight bluster There isnt anyone who loves the President more than I do. <SEP> Old Chris is my ideal. At the same time you have to face facts and realize that a man whos been in the Marine Corps all his life doesnt understand much about politics. <SEP> What does a monk know about sex Lawrence listened with the practiced deceptive calm of the lawyer but his face was in the shadow. <SEP> So we have to protect the old man for his own good. You see what I mean. <SEP> Congress is full of politicians and if you want to get along with them you have to be politic. This is why I say we just cant go ahead and disarm the Germans and pull down our own defenses. <SEP> Let me tell you what happened to me today. A fellow came up to me a Senator I dont have to tell you his name and he told me I love the President like a brother but God damn it hes crucifying me. <SEP> Ive got a quarter of a million Germans in my state and those krautheads tune in on Father Werther every night and if he tells them to go out and piss in the public square thats what they do. Hes telling them now to write letters to their Congressmen opposing the disarmament of Germany. <SEP> Another one comes to me and he says Look here theres a mill in my state employs five thousand people making uniforms for the Navy.
cf20.txt:Part of the same arrangement Torrio had in the spirit of peace and good will and in exchange for armed support in the April election campaign bestowed upon OBanion a third share in the Hawthorne Smoke Shop proceeds and a cut in the Cicero beer trade. <SEP> The coalition was to prove inadvisable. OBanion was a complex and frightening man whose bright blue eyes stared with a kind of frozen candour into others. <SEP> He had a round frank Irish face creased in a jovial grin that stayed bleakly in place even when he was pumping bullets into someones body. He carried three guns -- one in the right trouser pocket one under his left armpit one in the left outside coat pocket -- and was equally lethal with both hands. <SEP> He killed accurately freely and dispassionately. The police credited him with twenty-five murders but he was never brought to trial for one of them. <SEP> Like a fair number of bootleggers he disliked alcohol. He was an expert florist tenderly dextrous in the arrangement of bouquets and wreaths. <SEP> He had no apparent comprehension of morality he divided humanity into right guys and wrong guys and the wrong ones he was always willing to kill and trample under. He had what was described by a psychologist as a sunny brutality. <SEP> He walked with a heavy list to the right as that leg was four inches shorter than the other but the lurch did not reduce his feline quickness with his guns. Landesco thought him just a superior sort of plugugly but he was in fact with his aggression and hostility and nerveless indifference to risking or administering pain a casebook psychopath. <SEP> He was also at this time although not so interwoven in high politics and the rackets as Torrio and Capone the most powerful and most dangerous mob leader in the Chicago underworld the roughneck king. OBanion was born in poverty the son of an immigrant Irish plasterer in the North Sides Little Hell close by the Sicilian quarter and Death Corner. <SEP> He had been a choir boy at the Holy Name Cathedral and also served as an acolyte to Father OBrien. The influence of Mass was less pervasive than that of the congested slum tenements among the bawdy houses honkytonks and sawdust saloons of his birthplace he ran wild with the child gangs of the neighbourhood and went through the normal pressure-cooker course of thieving police-dodging and housebreaking. <SEP> At the age of ten when he was working as a newsboy in the Loop he was knocked down by a streetcar which resulted in his permanently shortened leg. Because of this he was known as Gimpy -LRB- but as with Capone and his nickname of Scarface never in his presence -RRB-. <SEP> In his teens OBanion was enrolled in the vicious Market Street gang and he became a singing waiter in McGoverns Cafe a notoriously low and rowdy dive in North Clark Street where befuddled customers were methodically looted of their money by the singing waiters before being thrown out. He then got a job with the Chicago Herald-Examiner as a circulation slugger a rough fighter employed to see that his papers news pitches were not trespassed upon by rival vendors. <SEP> He was also at the same time gaining practical experience as a safe breaker and highwayman and learning how to shoot to kill from a Neanderthal convicted murderer named Gene Geary later committed to Chester Asylum as a homicidal maniac but whose eyes misted with tears when the young Dion sang a ballad about an Irish mother in his clear and syrupy tenor. OBanions first conflict with the police came in at seventeen when he was committed to Bridewell Prison for three months for burglary two years later he served another three months for assault. <SEP> Those were his only interludes behind bars although he collected four more charges on his police record in and three for burglary and one for robbery. By now OBanions political pull was beginning to be effective. <SEP> On the occasion of his indictment the $ U bond was furnished by an alderman and the charge was nolle prossed. On one of his ventures he was actually come upon by a Detective Sergeant John J. Ryan down on his knees with a tool embedded in a labour office safe in the Postal Telegraph Building the jury wanted better evidence than that and he was acquitted at a cost of $ U in bribes it was estimated. <SEP> As promptly as Torrio OBanion jumped into bootlegging. He conducted it with less diplomacy and more spontaneous violence than the Sicilians but he had his huge North Side portion to exploit and he made a great deal of money. <SEP> Unlike the Sicilians he additionally conducted holdups robberies and safe-cracking expeditions and refused to touch prostitution. He was also personally active in ward politics and by OBanion had acquired sufficient political might to be able to state : I always deliver my borough as per requirements. But whose requirements <SEP> Until OBanion pistoleers and knuckle-duster bullyboys had kept his North Side domain solidly Democratic. There was a question-and-answer gag that went around at that time : Q. Wholl carry the Forty-second and Forty-third wards A. OBanion in his pistol pocket. <SEP> As November drew close the Democratic hierarchy was sorely troubled by grapevine reports that OBanion was being wooed by the opposition and was meeting and conferring with important Republicans. To forestall any change of allegiance the Democrats hastily organised a testimonial banquet for OBanion as public reward for his past services and as a reminder of where his loyalties lay. <SEP> The reception was held in a private dining room of the Webster Hotel on Lincoln Park West. It was an interesting fraternisation of ex-convicts union racketeers ward heelers sold-out officials and gunmen. <SEP> The guest list is in itself a little parable of the state of American civic life at this time. It included the top OBanion men and Chief of Detectives Michael Hughes. <SEP> When Mayor Dever heard of the banquet he summoned Hughes for an explanation of why he had been dishonouring the police department by consorting with these felons and fixers. Hughes said that he had understood the party was to be in honour of Jerry OConnor the proprieter of a Loop gambling house. <SEP> When I arrived and recognised a number of notorious characters I had thrown into the detective bureau basement half a dozen times I knew I had been framed and withdrew almost at once. In fact OConnor was honoured during the ceremony with the presentation of a $ U diamond stickpin. <SEP> There was a brief interruption while one of OBanions men jerked out both his guns and threatened to shoot a waiter who was pestering him for a tip. Then OBanion was presented with a platinum watch set with rubies and diamonds. <SEP> This dinner was the start of a new blatancy in the relationship between the gangs and the politicians which prior to says Pasley had been maintained with more or less stealth but which henceforth was marked by these ostentatious gatherings denounced by a clergyman as Belshazzar feasts at which politicians fraternized cheek by jowl with gangsters openly in the big downtown hotels. Pasley continued : They became an institution of the Chicago scene and marked the way to the moral and financial collapse of the municipal and county governments in -. <SEP> However this inaugural feast did its sponsors no good whatever. OBanion accepted his platinum watch and the tributes to his loyalty and proceeded with the bigger and better Republican deal. <SEP> On Election Day -- November -- he energetically marshalled his force of bludgeon men bribers and experts in forging repeat votes. The result was a landslide for the Republican candidates. <SEP> This further demonstration of OBanions ballooning power did not please Torrio and Capone. In the past year there had been too many examples of his euphoric self-confidence and self-aggrandisement for their liking. <SEP> He behaved publicly with a cocky swaggering truculence that offended their vulpine Latin minds and behaved towards them personally with an unimpressed insolence that enraged them beneath their blandness. They were disturbed by his idiotic bravado -- as when his bodyguard Yankee Schwartz complained that he had been snubbed by Dave Miller a prize-fight referee chieftain of a Jewish gang and one of four brothers of tough reputation who were Hirschey a gambler-politician in loose beer-running league with Torrio and OBanion Frank a policeman and Max the youngest. <SEP> To settle this slight OBanion went down to the La Salle Theatre in the Loop where he had learned Dave Miller was attending the opening of a musical comedy. At the end of the performance Dave and Max came out into the brilliantly lit foyer among a surge of gowned and tuxedoed first nighters. <SEP> OBanion drew his guns and fired at Dave severely wounding him in the stomach. A second bullet ricocheted off Maxs belt buckle leaving him unhurt but in some distress. <SEP> OBanion tucked away his gun and walked out of the theatre he was neither prosecuted nor even arrested. That sort of braggadocio for that sort of reason in the view of Torrio and Capone was a nonsense. <SEP> A further example of the incompatible difference in personalities was when two policemen held up a Torrio beer convoy on a West Side street and demanded $ U to let it through. One of the beer-runners telephoned OBanion -- on a line tapped by the detective bureau -- and reported the situation. <SEP> OBanions reaction was : Three hundred dollars To them bums Why I can get them knocked off for half that much. <SEP> Upon which the detective bureau despatched rifle squads to prevent trouble if OBanion should send his gunmen out to deal with the hijacking policemen. In the meantime the beer-runner unhappy with this solution telephoned Torrio and returned to OBanion with the message : Say Dionie I just been talking to Johnny and he said to let them cops have the three hundred. <SEP> He says he dont want no trouble. Torrio and Capone had graver cause to hate and distrust the Irishman. <SEP> For three years since the liquor territorial conference Torrio had with his elastic patience and because he knew that retaliation could cause only violent warfare and disaster to business tolerated OBanions impudent double-crossing. They had suffered in sulky silence the sight of his sharp practice in Cicero. <SEP> When as a diplomatic gesture of amity and in payment for the loan of gunmen in the April election Torrio had given OBanion a slice of Cicero the profits from that district had been $ U a month. In six months OBanion had boosted the profits to $ U a month -- mainly by bringing pressure to bear on fifty Chicago speak-easy proprietors to shift out to the suburb. <SEP> These booze customers had until then been buying their supplies from the Sheldon Saltis-McErlane and Druggan-Lake gangs and now they were competing for trade with the Torrio-Capone saloons once again OBanions rash recklessness had caused a proliferation of ill will. The revenue from OBanions Cicero territory went up still higher until the yield was more than the Torrio-Capone takings from the far bigger trade area of Chicagos South and West Sides. <SEP> He still showed no intention of sharing with the syndicate. At last even the controlled Torrio was unable to hold still and he tentatively suggested that OBanion should take a percentage in the Stickney brothels in return for one from his Cicero beer concession. <SEP> OBanions reply was a raucous laugh and a flat refusal. Still more jealous bitterness was engendered by the OBanion gangs seizure from a West Side marshalling yard of a freight-car load of Canadian whisky worth $ U and by one of the biggest coups of the Prohibition era -- the Sibley warehouse robbery which became famous for the cool brazenness of the operation. <SEP> Here was stored $ U worth of bonded whisky. These cases were carted off in a one-night operation by the OBanion men who left in their stead the same number of barrels filled with water.
cr08.txt:The hero is beset from all sides by the problems of approaching manhood. <SEP> The story opens on the eve of his fifty-third birthday as he prepares for the two weeks of festivities that are to follow. Suddenly a messenger arrives and just before collapsing dead at his feet informs him that the Saracens have invaded Silesia the home province of his affianced. <SEP> He at once cancels the celebrations and buckling on his scimitar stumbles blindly from the house where he is hit and killed by a passing oxcart. The Albany Civic Operas presentation of Spumonis immortal Il Sevigli del Spegititgninino with guest contralto Hattie Sforzt. An unusual if not extraordinary rendering of the classic myth that involves the rescue of Prometheus from the rock by the U.S. Cavalry was given last week in the warehouse of the Albany Leather Conduit Company amid cheers of Hubba hubba and Yalagaloo pip pip <SEP> After a busy overture the curtain rises on a farm scene -- the Ranavan Valley in northern Maine. A dead armadillo the sole occupant of the stage symbolizes the crisis and destruction of the Old Order. <SEP> Old Order acted and atonally sung by Grunnfeu Arapacis the lovely Serbantian import then entered and delivered the well-known invocation to the god Phineoppus whereupon the stage is quite unexpectedly visited by a company of wandering Gorshek priests symbolizing Love Lust Prudence and General Motors respectively. According to the myth Old Order then vanishes at stage left and reappears at extreme stage right but Director Shuz skillfully sidesteps the rather gooshey problem of stage effects by simply having Miss Arapacis walk across the stage. <SEP> The night he saw it a rather unpleasant situation arose when the soloist refused to approach the armadillo complaining -- in ad-lib -- that it smelled. We caught the early train to New York. The Dharma Dictionary a list of highly unusual terms used in connection with Eurasian proto-senility cults. <SEP> Its somewhat off the beaten track to be sure but therein lies its variety and charm. For example probably very few people know that the word visrhanik that is bantered about so much today stems from the verb bouanahsha : to salivate. <SEP> Likewise and equally fascinating is the news that such unlikely synonyms as pratakku sweathruna and the tongue-twister nnuolapertar-it-vuh-karti-birifw - all originated in the same village in Bathar-on-Walli Province and are all used to express sentiments concerning British imperialism. The terms are fairly safe to use on this side of the ocean but before you start spouting them to your date it might be best to find out if he was a member of Major Pockmansters Delhi Regiment since resentment toward the natives was reportedly very high in that outfit. The breeze and chancellor Neitzbohr a movie melodrama that concerns the attempts of a West German politician to woo a plaster cast of the Apollo Belvedere. <SEP> As you have doubtless guessed already the plot is plastered with Freudian Jungian and Meinckian theory. For example when the film is only four minutes old Neitzbohr refers to a small Victorian piano stool as Wilhelmina and we are thereupon subjected to a flashback that informs us that this very piano stool was once used by an epileptic governess whose name of course was Doris -LRB- the English equivalent when passed through middle-Gaelic derivations of Wilhelmina -RRB-. <SEP> For the remainder of the movie Chancellor Neitzbohr proceeds to lash the piano stool with a slat from a Venetian blind that used to hang in the pre-war Reichstag. In this manner he seeks to expunge from his own soul the guilt pangs caused by his personal assaults against the English at Dunkirk. <SEP> As we find out at the end it is not the stool -LRB- symbolizing Doris therefore the English -RRB- that he is punishing but the piece of Venetian blind. When the slat finally shatters we see him count the fragments all the while muttering He loves me he loves me not. <SEP> After a few tortuous moments of wondering who he is the camera pans across the room to the plaster statue and we realize that Neitzbohr is trying to redeem himself in the eyes of a mute piece of sculpture. The effect needless to say is almost terrifying and though at times a bit obscure the film is certainly a much-needed catharsis for the repressed movie-goer. The music of Bini SalFininistas capital LP Ab-r one of the rare recordings of this titanic yet unsung composer. <SEP> Those persons who were lucky enough to see and hear the performance of his work at the Brest-Silevniov Festival in August will certainly welcome his return to public notice and it is not unlikely that even as the great Bach lay dormant for so many years so has the erudite ingenious SalFininistas passed through his purgatory of neglect. Now under the guidance of the contemporary composer Marc Schlek Jr. A major revival is under way. <SEP> As he leads the Neurenschatz Skolkau Orchestra Schlek gives a tremendously inspired performance of both the Baslot and Rattzhenfuut concertos including the controversial Tschilwyk cadenza which was included at the conductors insistence. A major portion of the credit should also go to flautist Haumd for his rendering of the almost impossible Indianapolis movement in the Baslot. <SEP> Not only was Haumds intonation and phrasing without flaw but he seemed to take every tonal eccentricity in stride. For example to move -LRB- as the score requires -RRB- from the lowest F-major register up to a barely audible N minor in four seconds not skipping at the same time even one of the fingerings seems a feat too absurd to consider and it is to the flautists credit that he remained silent throughout the passage. <SEP> We would have preferred however to have had the rest of the orchestra refrain from laughing at this and other spots on the recording since it mars an otherwise sober if not lofty performance. As Broadway itself becomes increasingly weighted down by trite heavy-handed commercially successful musicals and inspirational problem dramas the American theatre is going through an inexorable renaissance in that nebulous area known as off-Broadway. <SEP> For the last two years this frontier of the arts has produced a number of so-called non-dramas which have left indelible bittersweet impressions on the psyche of this veteran theatregoer. The latest and significantly greatest fruit of this theatrical vine is The an adaptation of Bashos classic frog-haiku by Roger Entwhistle a former University of Maryland chemistry instructor. <SEP> Although the play does show a certain structural amateurishness -LRB- there are eleven acts varying in length from twenty-five seconds to an hour and a half -RRB- the statement it makes concerning the ceaseless yearning and searching of youth is profound and worthy of our attention. The action centers about a group of outspoken and offbeat students sitting around a table in a cafeteria and their collective and ultimately fruitless search for a cup of hot coffee. <SEP> They are relentlessly rebuffed on all sides by a waitress the police and an intruding government tutor. The innocence that they tried to conceal at the beginning is clearly destroyed forever when one of them asking for a piece of lemon-meringue pie gets a plate of English muffins instead. <SEP> Leaving the theatre after the performance I had a flash of intuition that life after all -LRB- as Rilke said -RRB- is just a search for the nonexistent cup of hot coffee and that this unpretentious moving clever bitter slice of life was the greatest thing to happen to the American theatre since Brooks Atkinson retired. Aging but still precocious French feline enfant terrible Francoisette Lagoon has succeeded in shocking jaded old Paris again this time with a sexy ballet scenario called The Lascivious Interlude the story of a nymphomaniac trip-hammer operator who falls hopelessly in love with a middle-aged steam shovel. <SEP> A biting pithy parable of the all-pervading hollowness of modern life the piece has been set by Mlle Lagoon to a sumptuous score -LRB- a single motif played over and over by four thousand French horns -RRB- by existentialist hot-shot Jean-Paul Sartre. Petite lovely Yvette Chadroe plays the nymphomaniac engagingly. <SEP> Ever since Bambi and more recently Born Free there have been a lot of books about animals but few compare with Max Finks wry understated charming and immensely readable My Friend the Quizzical Salamander. Done in the modern style of a confession Fink tells in exquisite detail how he came to know and more important love his mothers pet salamander Alicia. <SEP> It is not an entirely happy book as Mrs. Fink soon becomes jealous of Alicia and in retaliation refuses to continue to scrape the algae off her glass. Max in a fit of despair takes Alicia and runs off for two marvelous weeks in Burbank -LRB- Fink calls it the most wonderful and lovely fourteen days in my whole life -RRB- at the end of which Alicia tragically contracts Parkinsons disease and dies. <SEP> This brief resume hardly does the book justice but I heartily recommend it to all those who are engages with the major problems of our time. Opera in the Grand Tradition along with mah-jongg seems to be staging a well-deserved comeback. <SEP> In this country the two guiding lights are without doubt Felix Fing and Anna Pulova. Fing a lean chiseled impeccable gentleman of the old school who was once mistaken on the street for Sir Cedric Hardwicke is responsible for the rediscovery of Verdis earliest most raucous opera Nabisco a sumptuous bout-de-souffle with a haunting leitmotiv that struck me as being highly reminiscent of the Mudugno version of Volare. <SEP> Miss Pulova has a voice that Maria Callas once described as like chipping teeth with a screw driver and her round opalescent face becomes fascinatingly reflective of the emotions demanded by the role of Rosalie. The Champs Elysees is literally littered this summer with the prostrate bodies of Frances beat-up beatnik jeunes filles. Cause of all this commotion : squat pug-nosed balding hopelessly ugly Jean-Pierre Bravado a Bogartian figure who plays a sadistic amoral philosophic Tasti-Freeze salesman in old New-Waver Fredrico de Mille Rossilinis endlessly provocative film A Sour Sponge. <SEP> Bravado has been alternately described as a symbol of the new grandeur of France and myself -LRB- De Gaulle -RRB- and a decadent disgusting slob -LRB- Norman Mailer -RRB- but no one can deny that the screen crackles with electricity whenever he is on it. Soaring to stardom along with him Margo Felicity Brighetti a luscious and curvaceously beguiling Italian starlet turns in a creditable performance as an airplane mechanic. <SEP> The battle of the drib-drool continues but most of New Yorks knowing sophisticates of Abstract Expressionism are stamping their feet impatiently in expectation of V -LRB- for Vindication -RRB- Day September first when Augustus Quasimodos first one-man show opens at the Guggenheim. We have heard that after seeing Mr. Quasimodos work it will be virtually impossible to deny the artistic validity and importance of the whole abstract movement. <SEP> It is thought by many who think about such things that Quasimodo is the logical culmination of a school that started with Monet progressed through Kandinsky and the cubist Picasso and blossomed just recently in Pollock and De Kooning. Quasimodo defines his own art as the search for what is not there. <SEP> I paint the nothing he said once to Franz Kline and myself the nothing that is behind the something the inexpressible unpaintable tick in the unconscious the spirit of the moment resting forever suspended like a huge balloon in non-time. It is his relentlessness and unwaivering adherence to this revolutionary artistic philosophy that has enabled him to paint such pictures as The Invasion of Cuba. <SEP> In this work his use of non-color is startling and skillful. The sweep of space the delicate counterbalance of the white masses the over-all completeness and unity the originality and imagination all entitle it to be called an authentic masterpiece. <SEP> I asked Quasimodo recently how he accomplished this and he replied that he had painted his model a beautiful shade of red and then had her breathe on the canvas which was his typical tongue-in-cheek way of chiding me for my lack of sensitivity.
cp06.txt:He wondered does one enjoy ones spare time <SEP> He considered some interesting excursion but he was on the road every day from dawn to dusk. Then there was exercise boating and hiking which was not only good for you but also made you more virile : the thought of strenuous activity left him exhausted. <SEP> Perhaps golf with a fashionable companion -- but hed lost his clubs hadnt played in years. There was swimming over at the Riverside Hotel but his skin was so white he looked like the bottom of a frog. <SEP> Perhaps a packing trip into the Sierras let his beard grow -- but that was too stark. I could he thought take a long walk -- but where <SEP> The telephone rang. You missed it Buzzs voice said You should have gone over to the Pagan Room with us. Wow. Strippers but scrumptious and Toodle Williams and her all-lesbian band. <SEP> Hi Buzz Owen said. I went over to the Willows and dropped two notes. <SEP> Tough Buzz said Listen were having a stag dinner over at the Pagan Room on Friday. Imagine a stag dinner with Toodle Williams. <SEP> He laughed and laughed. Owen wanted to be pleasant because Buzz worked the territory next to his but he hadnt come to Reno for stag dinners. <SEP> Thanks Owen said but Friday is a long way off and anything can happen. Buzz was a tireless instigator who never let his victims rest. <SEP> When Owen was finally rid of him there was a timid rap at the door. Yes Owen called out. Yes <SEP> Im Mrs. Gertrude Parker a soft voice explained And Id like to talk to you for a few minutes please. Ahah he thought a lush divorcee at last. Probably saw me in the lobby. <SEP> He was disappointed to find a nervous scrawny woman with a big hat standing at the door. She frowned at his green pajamas with the yellow moons. <SEP> How do you do She said semi-professionally. Our church is sponsoring a group of very courageous women up in Alaska. <SEP> We call them lay-sisters and they go among the Eskimos making friends and bringing the light. Theyre up there in that freezing climate and all of us have to try and help them. Oh <SEP> You see she said looking past him into the room where the highball glasses sparkled dully in the bright light you and I cant understand the many hardships they have to undergo. Why is that <SEP> She apparently wasnt satisfied with his reaction. Smug Owen thought smug and sappy. There was a slight nervous twitch in the region of her left eye. <SEP> It gave her a lewd winking effect. Have you ever tried to reason with an Eskimo She asked winking wildly. <SEP> They are a very difficult group of people. I dont know much about them Owen admitted but I suppose they have their own religion and they probably resent outsiders coming in and telling them what to do and what not to do. <SEP> She smiled in a sickly-tolerant fashion. You know thats very interesting. <SEP> People dont know how much they give away about themselves by remarks like that. The more canvassing I do the more I note how far most people are from their personal God. <SEP> Forebearing Owen kept his peace. What would happen next <SEP> That she was out for a touch was certain but when did she get to the pitch Several people passed in the hall and stared as he slowly retreated trying to close the door a little and she slowly leaned toward him and raised her voice. <SEP> How did you get by the desk He asked curiously. Im sure the hotel doesnt know youre wandering around the corridors knocking on strangers doors and talking down Eskimos. <SEP> Oh I just come once a week. Every day I visit a different hotel. <SEP> I feel its my duty. I do this work all on my own because I understand the difficulties and I want to help these lay-sisters. <SEP> You know these women go all through Alaska and they dont have the proper facilities They travel in pairs as much as a hundred-and-fifty miles a day. <SEP> You have any idea how far I travel every day I have the whole Pacific Northwest. <SEP> Owen was aware he was getting overexcited but he couldnt help himself. Mrs. Gertrude Parker drew back. <SEP> Thats hardly a Christian approach she remonstrated. Youre in the secular world. <SEP> I didnt say it was Christian. I dont think youll find many active Christian salesmen. <SEP> Not that religion isnt big business those bibles and prayer books make a lot of money for publishing houses but they dont get top personnel. Our key salesmen are in appliances and cosmetics. <SEP> God I take it plays no part in this she said waspishly. God doesnt have any appliance or cosmetics he said heatedly before he caught himself. <SEP> It sounded silly why go on More people were passing he had to find some way to close this impossible conversation. <SEP> And whiskey she said smiling and blinking at the highball glasses. Dont forget whiskey its such a big seller. <SEP> You know he said getting a grip on himself I think youre going to have to excuse me. I have an appointment. <SEP> I can imagine she said. Probably down at the bar. What do you want to do about the lay-sisters <SEP> They must be freezing up there now. You help them <SEP> Leave a card or something. Ill think it over. <SEP> I have no card she said bitterly. You havent been listening to what Ive been telling you. <SEP> I only hope my talking to you has helped you a little anyway because you need spiritual bucking-up. She looked crestfallen as if he had somehow disappointed the whole human race. <SEP> She stood indecisively for a moment then walked down the hall he heard her knocking on another door. It took him about fifteen minutes to calm himself then he realized he was hungry. <SEP> He showered shaved dressed and went down to the dining room for breakfast. On the way he stopped at the desk to receive his mail. <SEP> There was a check from his company and the usual enthusiastic bulletins on new lines they always issued. His lawyer had sent him a statement on his overdue alimony and there was a letter from the Collector of Internal Revenue asking him to stop in his office and explain last years exemptions. <SEP> He ate breakfast in a sullen mood but afterwards when he walked out onto Virginia Street he felt braced. He looked off to the crest of the Sierras still white-topped the glisten of the Truckee River made a wide spangle. <SEP> He felt suddenly elated adventurous. With any luck at all he could easily find a flowerpot. <SEP> Although it was only three oclock he stopped in at the Golden Calf. The tables were all spinning the dice rattling the bar crowded. <SEP> Just to test himself he played roulette for quarters on his old combination five and seventeen and within an hour he had won surprisingly twenty dollars. The way was opening up when the management brought around champagne the breakfast settled its whirling around in his stomach. <SEP> The Golden Calf was dimly lit with shaded neon. There were more women than men in the place but he couldnt find a flowerpot. <SEP> They all had the hard look of gamblers who had stopped dreaming who automatically turned the cards hardly caring what showed up. The mural around the wall depicted early settlers in covered wagons who appeared much more animated than the gamblers. <SEP> The women had a bright shining expectancy as they leaned out from the wall and gazed splendidly into the distance while the men were stern but hopeful. All of course except the Donner party who were bent on starving to death. I wonder if they did eat each other at the end Owen mused. <SEP> He sat down next to a heavily-upholstered blonde but she was cleaned out in twenty minutes. She sighed a dirty word and left. <SEP> Owen was surprised to see Mrs. Gertrude Parker playing the one-arm bandits that were cunningly arranged by the entrance. She sat down and played two slots at once looking grim as if bested by mechanical devices and Owen felt sorry for the lay-sisters depending on her support. <SEP> A dried-up cowboy sat down next to him in the blondes place. He was a little more authentic than usual because he smelled slightly of the stables. <SEP> What you need is a steady martingale the cowboy announced after watching Owen play. You cant build on your hit-and-miss five-seventeen. <SEP> What are you playing Owen asked. Im just logging the cowboy explained. <SEP> I keep all these plays in this little black book and I watch over a twelve-hour period to find out what numbers are repeating. Roulettes not my game. <SEP> Im always trying to find a breaking table in blackjack. Incidentally Im pretty famous in these parts : Im called The Wrangler. Nice to know you. <SEP> You have to spend any time on your ranch Well of course I do. <SEP> Im with the Bar-H pushing a horse called Sparky. Hes my own horse and what I collect from him I use on blackjack. <SEP> This Sparky can rack and single-foot and hes the fastest thing in Washoe County. I figure if I can get any kind of publicity campaign going Ill land him on TV -- you know one of those favorite horses for some Western hero. <SEP> I once trained a horse for Hoot Gibson but nothing like Sparky. Hes a pinto and he photographs wonderfully. <SEP> Five came up while Owen was listening to The Wrangler and he neglected to play a loss of ten dollars. This proved conclusively that The Wrangler was a jinx so he walked on down to Hurrays an even more glorified gambling den than the Golden Calf. <SEP> When he looked in the back Mrs. Gertrude Parker was marking keno cards. His adventurous spirit had waned he studied the pistol exhibition that Hurrays featured as an added attraction. <SEP> He ogled a long redhead with green eyes but she was a shill with her money in front of her. He had no great prejudice against shills it just seemed such a dry run. <SEP> There was no cash around everyone was flipping silver dollars. The management discreetly withdrew the green stuff into the office and gave the customers chips or checks or premium points. <SEP> He read a special announcement whereby Hurrays would feature a special floorshow at three A.M. Starring Adele -LRB- The Body -RRB- Brenner and fourteen glamorous schoolgirls. He wondered if he might bag a tourist but they looked frightened of him. <SEP> He passed two brides both wearing orchids and they made him feel a little sad. Owen found Buzz watching chuck-a-luck. <SEP> Buzz had on a Hawaiian shirt and was carrying some sun-tan oil and dark glasses. He was shorter and fatter than Owen who felt good standing next to him. <SEP> Were all going over to Lake Tahoe and try our luck at Cal-Neva Buzz explained still instigating. We ran into a guy at the Pagan Room who guarantees we can beat the wheel. <SEP> He started out as a stickman then became a pit boss until the Club found him crossroading. He was knocking down checks at faro. <SEP> Im allergic to Tahoe Owen explained. Something about the pollen. Well okay Buzz said. <SEP> Well see you around later. Owen went over to the crap table and the dice were hot but he couldnt pyramid with any consecutive success. <SEP> Hows your luck honey A short platinum blonde in a bursting sun-suit addressed him. She looked well-fed and prosperous but he didnt get the impression he was being propositioned the way hed been hoping. <SEP> I havent had any luck since I was a baby. Stake me she said and let me at those dice. <SEP> Ill make them dance the tango. Well get it in a hurry and get it out. <SEP> Lets have a drink and discuss a merger. If you go broke she said smiling up at him Ill leave you. <SEP> Sounds like real love Owen said. It sort of brings a lump to my throat. <SEP> My names Gisele the blonde said after she ordered a Scotch. Named after the ballet. <SEP> My mother wanted to call me Sylphide but it sounded too affected.
cg07.txt:Again as in the days of the Founding Fathers America faces a stern test. <SEP> That test as President Kennedy forthrightly depicted it in his State of the Union message will determine whether a nation organized and governed such as ours can endure. It is well then that in this hour both of national peril and of national opportunity we can take counsel with the men who made the nation. <SEP> Incapable of self-delusion the Founding Fathers found the crisis of their time to be equally grave and yet they had confidence that America would surmount it and that a republic of free peoples would prosper and serve as an example to a world aching for liberty. Seven Founders -- George Washington Benjamin Franklin John Adams Thomas Jefferson Alexander Hamilton James Madison and John Jay -- determined the destinies of the new nation. <SEP> In certain respects their task was incomparably greater than ours today for there was nobody before them to show them the way. As Madison commented to Jefferson in We are in a wilderness without a single footstep to guide us. <SEP> Our successors will have an easier task. They thought of themselves to use Jeffersons words as the Argonauts who had lived in the Heroic Age. <SEP> Accordingly they took special pains to preserve their papers as essential sources for posterity. Their writings assume more than dramatic or patriotic interest because of their conviction that the struggle in which they were involved was neither selfish nor parochial but rather as Washington in his last wartime circular reminded his fellow countrymen that with our fate will the destiny of unborn millions be involved. <SEP> Strong men with strong opinions frank to the point of being refreshingly indiscreet the Founding Seven were essentially congenial minds and their agreements with each other were more consequential than their differences. Even though in most cases the completion of the definitive editions of their writings is still years off enough documentation has already been assembled to warrant drawing a new composite profile of the leadership which performed the heroic dual feats of winning American independence and founding a new nation. <SEP> Before merging them into a common profile it is well to remember that their separate careers were extraordinary. Certainly no other seven American statesmen from any later period achieved so much in so concentrated a span of years. <SEP> Eldest of the seven Benjamin Franklin a New Englander transplanted to Philadelphia wrote the most dazzling success story in our history. The young printers apprentice achieved greatness in a half-dozen different fields as editor and publisher scientist inventor philanthropist and statesman. <SEP> Author of the Albany Plan Of Union which had it been adopted might have avoided the Revolution he fought the colonists front-line battles in London negotiated the treaty of alliance with France and the peace that ended the war headed the state government of Pennsylvania and exercised an important moderating influence at the Federal Convention. On a military mission for his native Virginia the youthful George Washington touched off the French and Indian War then guarded his colonys frontier as head of its militia. <SEP> Commanding the Continental Army for six long years of the Revolution he was the indispensable factor in the ultimate victory. Retiring to his beloved Mount Vernon he returned to preside over the Federal Convention and was the only man in history to be unanimously elected President. <SEP> During his two terms the Constitution was tested and found workable strong national policies were inaugurated and the traditions and powers of the Presidential office firmly fixed. John Adams fashioned much of pre-Revolutionary radical ideology wrote the constitution of his home state of Massachusetts negotiated with Franklin and Jay the peace with Britain and served as our first Vice President and our second President. <SEP> His political opponent and lifetime friend Thomas Jefferson achieved immortality through his authorship of the Declaration of Independence but equally notable were the legal and constitutional reforms he instituted in his native Virginia his role as father of our territorial system and his acquisition of the Louisiana Territory during his first term as President. During the greater part of Jeffersons career he enjoyed the close collaboration of a fellow Virginian James Madison eight years his junior. <SEP> The active sponsor of Jeffersons measure for religious liberty in Virginia Madison played the most influential single role in the drafting of the Constitution and in securing its ratification in Virginia founded the first political party in American history and as Jeffersons Secretary of State and his successor in the Presidency guided the nation through the troubled years of our second war with Britain. If Franklin was an authentic genius then Alexander Hamilton with his exceptional precocity consuming energy and high ambition was a political prodigy. <SEP> His revolutionary pamphlets published when he was only quickly brought him to the attention of the patriot leaders. Principal author of The Federalist he swung New York over from opposition to the Constitution to ratification almost single-handedly. <SEP> His collaboration with Washington begun when he was the generals aide during the Revolution was resumed when he entered the first Cabinet as Secretary of the Treasury. His bold fiscal program and his broad interpretation of the Constitution stand as durable contributions. <SEP> Less dazzling than Hamilton less eloquent than Jefferson John Jay commands an equally high rank among the Founding Fathers. He served as president of the Continental Congress. <SEP> He played the leading role in negotiating the treaty with Great Britain that ended the Revolution and directed Americas foreign affairs throughout the Confederation period. As first Chief Justice his strong nationalist opinions anticipated John Marshall. <SEP> He ended his public career as a two-term governor of New York. These Seven Founders constituted an intellectual and social elite the most respectable and disinterested leadership any revolution ever confessed. <SEP> Their social status was achieved in some cases by birth as with Washington Jefferson and Jay in others by business and professional acumen as with Franklin and Adams or in Hamiltons case by an influential marriage. Unlike so many of the power-starved intellectuals in underdeveloped nations of our own day they commanded both prestige and influence before the Revolution started. <SEP> As different physically as the tall angular Jefferson was from the chubby rotund Adams the seven were striking individualists. Ardent opinionated even obstinate they were amazingly articulate wrote their own copy and were masters of phrasemaking. <SEP> Capable of enduring friendships they were also stout controversialists who could write with a drop of vitriol on their pens. John Adams dismissed John Dickinson who voted against the Declaration of Independence as a certain great fortune and piddling genius. <SEP> Washington castigated his critic General Conway as being capable of all the meanness of intrigue to gratify the absurd resentment of disappointed vanity. Hamilton who felt it a religious duty to oppose Aaron Burrs political ambitions would have been a better actuarial risk had he shown more literary restraint. <SEP> The Seven Founders were completely dedicated to the public service. Madison once remarked : My life has been so much a public one a comment which fits the careers of the other six. <SEP> Franklin retired from editing and publishing at the age of and for the next forty-two years devoted himself to public scientific and philanthropic interests. Washington never had a chance to work for an extended stretch at the occupation he loved best plantation management. <SEP> He served as Commander in Chief during the Revolution without compensation. John Adams took to heart the advice given him by his legal mentor Jeremiah Gridley to pursue the study of the law rather than the gain of it. <SEP> In taking account of seventeen years of law practice Adams concluded that no lawyer in America ever did so much business as I did and for so little profit. When the Revolution broke out he along with Jefferson and Jay abandoned his career at the bar with considerable financial sacrifice. <SEP> Hamilton poorest of the seven gave up a brilliant law practice to enter Washingtons Cabinet. While he was handling the multi-million-dollar funding operations of the Government he had to resort to borrowing small sums from friends. <SEP> If you can conveniently let me have twenty dollars he wrote one friend in when he was Secretary of the Treasury. To support his large family Hamilton went back to the law after each spell of public service. <SEP> Talleyrand passed his New York law office one night on the way to a party. Hamilton was bent over his desk drafting a legal paper by the light of a candle. <SEP> The Frenchman was astonished. I have just come from viewing a man who had made the fortune of his country but now is working all night in order to support his family he reflected. <SEP> All seven combined ardent devotion to the cause of revolution with a profound respect for legality. John Adams asserted in the Continental Congress Declaration of Rights that the demands of the colonies were in accordance with their charters the British Constitution and the common law and Jefferson appealed in the Declaration of Independence to the tribunal of the world for support of a revolution justified by the laws of nature and of natures God. <SEP> They fought hard but they were forgiving to former foes and sought to prevent vindictive legislatures from confiscating Tory property in violation of the Treaty of. This sense of moderation and fairness is superbly exemplified in an exchange of letters between John Jay and a Tory refugee Peter Van Schaack. <SEP> Jay had participated in the decision that exiled his old friend Van Schaack. When at wars end the ex-Tory made the first move to resume correspondence Jay wrote him from Paris where he was negotiating the peace settlement : As an independent American I considered all who were not for us and you amongst the rest as against us yet be assured that John Jay never ceased to be the friend of Peter Van Schaack. <SEP> The latter in turn assured him that were I arraigned at the bar and you my judge I should expect to stand or fall only by the merits of my cause. All seven recognized that independence was but the first step toward building a nation. <SEP> We have now a national character to establish Washington wrote in. Think continentally Hamilton counseled the young nation. <SEP> This new force love of country super-imposed upon -- if not displacing -- affectionate ties to ones own state was epitomized by Washington. His first inaugural address speaks of my country whose voice I can never hear but with veneration and love. <SEP> All sought the fruition of that nationalism in a Federal Government with substantial powers. Save Jefferson all participated in the framing or ratification of the Federal Constitution. <SEP> They supported it not as a perfect instrument but as the best obtainable. Historians have traditionally regarded the great debates of the Seventeen Nineties as polarizing the issues of centralized vs. Limited government with Hamilton and the nationalists supporting the former and Jefferson and Madison upholding the latter position. <SEP> The states rights position was formulated by Jefferson and Madison in the Kentucky and Virginia Resolves but in their later careers as heads of state the two proved themselves better Hamiltonians than Jeffersonians. In purchasing Louisiana Jefferson had to adopt Hamiltons broad construction of the Constitution and so did Madison in advocating the rechartering of Hamiltons bank which he had so strenuously opposed at its inception and in adopting a Hamiltonian protective tariff. <SEP> Indeed the old Jeffersonians were far more atune to the Hamilton-oriented Whigs than they were to the Jacksonian Democrats. When in the South Carolina nullifiers adopted the principle of state interposition which Madison had advanced in his old Virginia Resolve they elicited no encouragement from that senior statesman. <SEP> In his political testament Advice To My Country penned just before his death Madison expressed the wish that the Union of the States be cherished and perpetuated. Let the open enemy to it be regarded as a Pandora with her box opened and the disguised one as the serpent creeping with his deadly wiles into Paradise.
cf10.txt:D. Lee proved a man of prompt action when Mrs. Claire Shaefer accompanied by a friend visited him in Bakersfield California several months ago as a prospective patient. <SEP> Doctor Lee asked her to lie down on a bed and remove her shoes. Then by squeezing her foot three times he came up -- presto -- with a different diagnosis with each squeeze. <SEP> She had -- he informed her -- kidney trouble liver trouble and a severe female disorder. -LRB- He explained that he could diagnose these ailments from squeezing her foot because all of the nervous system was connected to it. -RRB- He knew just the thing for her -- a treatment from his cosmic light ozone generator machine. <SEP> As he applied the applicator extending from the machine -- which consisted of seven differently colored neon tubes superimposed on a rectangular base -- to the supposedly diseased portions of Mrs. Shaefers body Lee kept up a steady stream of pseudo-scientific mumbo-jumbo. Yes the ozone from his machine would cure practically everything he assured her. <SEP> She know he asked why the colors of the tubes were important to peoples health The human body -- he pointed out for example -- required units of blue light. <SEP> For that reason he informed her the Lord made the sky blue. Continuing glibly in this vein he paused to comfort her : Dont you worry. <SEP> This machine will cure your cancer-ridden body. Cancer Mrs. Shaefer practically shrieked. <SEP> You didnt tell me I had cancer. You have it all right. <SEP> As long as you can have treatment from my machine you have nothing to worry about. Why I once used this machine to cure a woman with pounds of cancer in her body. <SEP> He urged her to buy one of his machines -- for $ U. When she said that she didnt have the money he said that she could come in for treatment with his office model until she was ready to buy one. <SEP> He then sold her minerals to cure her kidney ailment a can of sage to make her look like a girl again and an application of plain mud to take her wrinkles away. Lee renewed his pressure on Mrs. Shaefer to buy his machine when she visited him the next day. <SEP> After another treatment with the machine he told her that her entire body was shot through with tumors and cysts. He then sold her some capsules that he asserted would take care of the tumors and cysts until she could collect the money for buying his machine. <SEP> When she submitted to his treatment with the capsules Mrs. Shaefer felt intense pain. Leaving Lees office Mrs. Shaefer hurried over to her family physician who treated her for burned tissue. <SEP> For several days she was ill as a result of Lees treatment. Mrs. Shaefer never got around to joining the thousand or so people who paid Lee some $ U for his ozone machines. <SEP> Mrs. Shaefer -- who had been given a clean bill of health by her own physician at the time she visited Lee -- and her friend were agents for the California Pure Food and Drug Inspection Bureau. She felt amply rewarded for her suffering when the evidence of Lees quack shenanigans gathered by the tape recorder under her friends clothing proved adequate in court for convicting Franklin D. Lee. The charge : violation of the California Medical Practices Act by practicing medicine without a license and selling misbranded drugs. The sentence : days confinement in the county jail. An isolated case of quackery By no means. <SEP> Rather it is typical of the thousands of quacks who use phony therapeutic devices to fatten themselves on the miseries of hundreds of thousands of Americans by robbing them of millions of dollars and luring them away from legitimate ethical medical treatment of serious diseases. The machine quack makes his Rube Goldberg devices out of odds and ends of metals wires and radio parts. <SEP> With these gadgets -- impressive to the gullible because of their flashing light bulbs ticks and buzzes -- he then carries out a vicious medical con game capitalizing on peoples respect for the electrical and atomic wonders of our scientific age. He milks the latest scientific advances translating them into his own special Buck Rogers vocabulary to huckster his fake machines as a cure-all for everything from hay fever to sexual impotence and cancer. <SEP> The gadget faker operates or sells his phony machines for $ U to $ U -- anything the traffic will bear. He may call himself a anaprapath a physiotherapist an electrotherapist a naturopath a sanipractor a medical cultist a masseur a doctor -- or what have you. <SEP> Not only do these quacks assume impressive titles but represent themselves as being associated with various scientific or impressive foundations -- foundations which often have little more than a letterhead existence. The medical device pirate of today of course is a far more sophisticated operator than his predecessor of yesteryear -- the gallus-snapping hawker of snake oil and other patent medicines. <SEP> His plunder is therefore far higher -- running into hundreds of millions. According to the Food And Drug Administration -LRB- FDA -RRB- Doctor Ghadiali Dr. Albert Abrams and his clique and Dr. Wilhelm Reich -- to name three notorious device quacks -- succeeded respectively in distributing and fake health machines. <SEP> Authorities believe that many of the Doctor Frauds using these false health gadgets are still in business. Look at the sums paid by two device quack victims in Cleveland. <SEP> Sarah Gross a dress shop proprietor paid $ U to a masseur and Mr. A. A laborer paid $ U to a chiropractor for treatment with two fake health machines -- the radioclast and the diagnometer. Multiply these figures by the millions of people known to be conned by medical pirates annually. <SEP> You will come up with a frightening total. Thats why the FDA the American Medical Association -LRB- AMA -RRB- and the National Better Business Bureau -LRB- BBB -RRB- have estimated the toll of mechanical quackery to be a substantial portion of the $ million U or so paid to medical charlatans annually. <SEP> The Postmaster General recently reported that mail order frauds -- among which fake therapeutic devices figure prominently -- are at the highest level in history. Similarly the American Cancer Society -LRB- ACS -RRB- the Arthritis and Rheumatism Foundation and the BBB have each stated lately that medical quackery is at a new high. <SEP> For example the BBB has reported it was receiving four times as many inquiries about quack devices and times as many complaints compared with two years ago. Authorities hesitate to quote exact figures however believing that any sum they come up with is only a surface manifestation -- turned up by their inevitably limited policing -- of the real loot of the medical racketeer. <SEP> In this sense authorities believe that all estimates of phony device quackery are conservative. The economic toll that the device quack extracts is important of course. <SEP> It is our health -- more precious than all the money in the world -- that these modern witch doctors with their fake therapeutic gadgets are gambling away. By preying on the sick by playing callously on the hopes of the desperate by causing the sufferer to delay proper medical care these medical ghouls create pain and misery by their very activity. <SEP> Typically Sarah Gross and Mr. A both lost more than their money as the result of their experiences with their Cleveland quacks. Sarah Gross found that the treatments given her for a nervous ailment by the masseur were not helping her. <SEP> As a result she consulted medical authorities and learned that the devices her quack doctor was using were phony. She suffered a nervous breakdown and had to be institutionalized. <SEP> Mr. A. Her fellow townsman also experienced a nervous breakdown just as soon as he discovered that he had been bilked of his life savings by the limited practitioner who had been treating his wife -- a woman suffering from an incurable disease multiple sclerosis -- and himself. Mr. A has recovered but he is justifiably a bitter man. <SEP> Thats a lot of hard-earned money to lose he says today. Neither me nor my wife were helped by that chiropractors treatments. <SEP> There was the case of Tom Hepker a machinist who was referred by a friend to a health machine quack who treated him with a so-called diagnostic machine for what Doctor Fraud said was a system full of arsenic and strychnine. After his pains got worse Tom decided to see a real doctor from whom he learned he was suffering from cancer of the lung. <SEP> Yes Tom caught it in time to stay alive. Hes a welfare case now -- a human wreck -- thanks to this modern witch doctor. <SEP> The machine quack can cause far more than just suffering. In such diseases as cancer tuberculosis and heart disease early diagnosis and treatment are so vital that the waste of time by the patient with Doctor Frauds cure-all gadget can prove fatal. <SEP> Moreover the diabetic patient who relies on cure by the quack device and therefore cuts off his insulin intake can be committing suicide. For instance : In Chicago some time ago Mr. H. Age a diabetic since he was six stopped using insulin because he had bought a magic spike -- a glass tube about the size of a pencil filled with barium chloride worth a small fraction of a cent -- sold by the Vrilium Company of Chicago for $ U as a cure-all. <SEP> Hang this around your neck or attach it to other parts of your anatomy and its rays will cure any disease you have said the company. Mr. H. Is dead today because he followed this advice. <SEP> Doris Hull suffering from tuberculosis was taken by her husband to see Otis G. Carroll a sanipractor -- a licensed drugless healer -- in Spokane. Carroll diagnosed Mrs. Hull by taking a drop of blood from her ear and putting it on his radionic machine and twirling some knobs -LRB- fee $ U -RRB-. His prescription : hot and cold compresses to increase her absorption of water. Although she weighed only pounds when she visited him Carroll permitted her to go on a -day fast in which she took nothing but water. <SEP> Inevitably Mrs. Hull died of starvation and tuberculosis weighing pounds. Moreover her husband and child contracted T.B. From her. -LRB- Small wonder a Spokane jury awarded the husband $ U for his wifes death. -RRB- <SEP> In California a few years ago a ghoul by the name of H.F. Bell sold electric blankets as a cure for cancer. He did this by the charming practice of buying up used electric blankets for $ U to $ U from survivors of patients who had died reconditioning them and selling them at $ U each. <SEP> When authorities convicted him of practicing medicine without a license -LRB- he got off with a suspended sentence of three years because of his advanced age of -RRB- one of his victims was not around to testify : He was dead of cancer. By no means are these isolated cases. <SEP> Unfortunately says Chief Postal Inspector David H. Stephens who has prosecuted many device quacks the ghouls who trade on the hopes of the desperately ill often can not be successfully prosecuted because the patients who are the chief witnesses die before the case is called up in court. Death Have no doubt about it. <SEP> Thats where device quackery can lead. The evidence shows that fake therapeutic machines substituted for valid medical cures have hastened the deaths of thousands. <SEP> Who are the victims of the device quacks Authorities say that oldsters are a prime target. <SEP> Says Wallace F. Jannsen director of the FDAs Division of Public Information : Quacks are apt to direct their appeal directly to older people or to sufferers from chronic ailments such as arthritis rheumatism diabetes and cancer. People who have not been able to get relief from regular medical doctors are especially apt to be taken in by quacks. <SEP> The victims of the quacks are frequently poor people like Mr. A. Who scrape up their life savings to offer as a sacrifice to Doctor Frauds avarice. They are often ignorant as well as underprivileged.
cp29.txt:Old A-Z Cap said. <SEP> You know Ive got one of your cars at home. As a prominent industrialist you ought to be interested in his nibs support group. <SEP> His racket down your alley Once it was William thought. But not any more. <SEP> A rush of memory swept him back and he forgot Cap. How did he start on such a ride to brief glory Simply enough through the inadvertent agency of his brother-in-law. <SEP> General Hersheys draft and Doc Eddyman and Cap were responsible for his first eminence but Fearless Freddy Bryan could take credit if he cared to -LRB- and he did -RRB- for the second time. Freddy needed a job having been detached from a rather dangerous career in real estate and skyscraper financing by Gerry and it was up to Arthur Willis to provide him with one. <SEP> Mr. Willis bought Zenith Plastic Products a skeleton corporation of sorts which had undergone many vicissitudes and whose principal assets were a couple of electronics plants on Long Island engaged in working out government contracts and installed Freddy in an executive position. Shortly after Freddy had his usual proliferation of bold ideas. <SEP> Willis listened patiently and once in a while William was exposed to them at a family gathering he generally heard Freddys suggestions without interest being absorbed by his own prospering concerns. Probably Mr. Willis was influenced toward deeper involvement by familial loyalty and a concern for his grandchildren. <SEP> Gerry began to aid Freddy with her father prodded no doubt by Joans open contempt for Freddy and Williams irritating competency. Another factor must have been the eventual disposal of Willis fortune she unquestionably assumed that the more he was entwined with Freddy the more likely he was to reward Freddy richly upon his death. <SEP> Whatever the reasons Willis and Bryan started expanding Zenith. They acquired another electronics factory a specialized ceramics company an organization that built -- very experimentally -- high-speed research calculators. <SEP> Since they were hunting for national defense contracts Adam Herberet a man of surprising resources entered the combination as a silent partner because of his political connections. Feeling his power Freddy looked for additional worlds to conquer. <SEP> Heavy industry slanted toward inexhaustible government coffers attracted him. The Allstates Auto Company a medium-sized firm which manufactured four-wheel-drive vehicles and other off-road equipment had recently constructed an over-large modern plant in a burst of misguided optimism. <SEP> Cursed with a shaky management and dissatisfied stockholders it was ripe for amalgamation and Freddys instinct was to keep growing by stock mergers and small expenditure of cash and never mind inevitable consequences. With Herberets blessing he was convinced that Allstates Wisconsin folly would be ideal for conversion to airplane sub-assembly tanks missiles or ordnance of some kind. <SEP> At that point William came into the picture. Although not much desiring the account he had been appointed advertising head of Zenith. <SEP> Freed of routine by having his own firm and a complaisant partner his work in New York had given him a broader overall knowledge of business administration and corporate structure and if he wasnt entirely committed to what he did he was at least fascinated by the chance of wider opportunities. Mr. Willis eager to have him allied with the family wanted advice beyond the confines of his field and William set out on a serious study of the situation including trips to Wisconsin and Washington. <SEP> In the end he said : Im not enchanted by the proposition sir. I know a guy named Jack Hamrick a very bright young engineer who was with Chrysler and I took him with me to Allstates. <SEP> Its his expert opinion that the plant isnt well suited to what you have in mind. The conversion will cost a fortune. <SEP> Besides that Im acquainted more or less with the defense hardware situation through my contacts in the Air Force. I think Adam Herberet is guilty of being too hopeful and better informed on defense financing than on the technical side. <SEP> Missiles have thrown everything up for grabs and nobody seems to be sure where we go from here. The future of manned aircraft is in doubt which affects government procurement and jet transports have revolutionized the airline trade -- one jet can take the place of three compound-engine planes. <SEP> This means the aircraft companies are going to tear into the government market looking for anything they can get and making the competition tough. Here are a few facts and figures Ive assembled. <SEP> You stay with what you have and wait till the dust settles Willis glanced at the bound pages given him and shrugged. <SEP> Well he said there is Freddy you know. And Gerry. Freddy is deeply committed to our plans already. <SEP> He assures me he has people to handle the money raising and Ham Richert my lawyer says the legal aspects of the wedding of Zenith and Allstates are no problem. I dont like to exhibit the deadly dampening effect of an elderly mans caution. <SEP> Yes I appreciate that. I wish you wouldnt tell Freddy Im lukewarm Ive caused him trouble before and hes beginning to resent me. <SEP> If we dont take care the sisters will be entering the fray on opposite sides brandishing their cudgels. Which is a frightful prospect Bill. <SEP> Willis laughed. One shouldnt mix commercial affairs with patriarchy but in this case I have no choice. <SEP> Let me think about it. Im most grateful to you so grateful I wish you were my principal aide instead of Freddy. <SEP> Not to Williams surprise Freddy Adam and Hamilton Richert prevailed allied to them was Gerry devoting much time to swaying her father and Joan dismissed all thought of the project and William was unwilling to interfere further. Zenith absorbed Allstates stock transfers were arranged and Freddy became president of the hyphenated combination. <SEP> Through Jack Hamrick William fell into the world of automobile promotion and got several accounts for Shoals and Clay. He forgot about A-Z till unhappily he and Hamrick were proved correct. <SEP> Freddys backing dropped away from him and Mr. Willis was forced to make up the deficit. Adam beset by changing defense conditions and the open secret that he was part of the new corporation couldnt deliver from his end. <SEP> The Wisconsin plant turned out to be a white elephant. Stock Willis held in abundance fell sharply in value. <SEP> Confronted by a grim future Freddy lost his nerve and plumped for a drastic liquidation. Once more Willis summoned William. <SEP> You were right he said -- you and your engineer -- and Im in something of a bind. Freddys solution doesnt appeal to me. <SEP> In addition to other defects Im a stubborn man and hate to admit to the common garden variety of bad judgment. You see if you can help me <SEP> William spent a long week end closeted with Hamrick. His recent experience in motor car advertising a love for cars of themselves the existence of A-Zs useless Wisconsin set-up exposure to exciting conceptions of Hamricks that nobody would buy and the coincidental recent failure of a respected but out-dated small-car manufacturer called Ticonderoga Motors had given him an idea of such dimensions he was almost afraid to broach it. <SEP> Initially Hamricks reaction to A-Z going into the passenger car market was discouraging. He thought the financing the advertising the production of new models the founding of a nationwide chain of dealerships was simply too difficult. <SEP> Then he caught fire. If A-Z could buy Ticonderoga cheaply and use their presses and dies and other equipment if William could hit precisely the right promotion note if the money hurdle was not insurmountable. <SEP> They took nearly a month to investigate marshal statistics and put their arguments down in black and white. Taking Hamrick with him William went to Mr. Willis. <SEP> He was surprised and dubious but impressed by the engineer and the report. Your alternative is breathtaking he said and Im frank in saying a bit mad. <SEP> I wish I was younger and less timid. Well I cant resolve this myself. <SEP> Ill have to call in the brain trust. You willing to run the gantlet <SEP> I cant guarantee you a sympathetic audience. Well be in there swinging William said but in a way sir youve got to decide it yourself. <SEP> You have the controlling interest and the principal expenditure is yours -- and besides nobody else is going to have the courage. If they follow anyone itll have to be you. <SEP> He paused. I should explain : theres more here for me than advocating my little dream theres you. <SEP> You mustnt take a fall or publicly back away. I hate that. <SEP> Youre -- youre Arthur Willis. Forgive the hearts and flowers theme. <SEP> I rather like the music Willis replied quietly. Thank you. <SEP> At the meeting attended by Freddy Richert Herberet and the A-Z executive staff with Mr. Willis presiding William and Hamrick did indeed run the gantlet. From shock and incredulity most of the listeners went on to open resistance and animosity. <SEP> Oh my God Ham Richert said a little child shall lead them. Move over General Motors. <SEP> Its absurd Bill Freddy said from a pale face. Youre leading Dad down the garden path. <SEP> Your garden God damn it William said. I dont enjoy family quarrels Adam said. Nor crazy relatives. <SEP> Were here to transact business. We put an end to this Arthur <SEP> Hear me out please William begged. Im an advertising hustler I admit but I have to get hot once in a larger sphere. <SEP> Sure Ticonderoga went broke in the low-priced market bucking the Big Three. Their cars werent small enough they didnt have the power they were old-fashioned. <SEP> They tried to sellem on economy and simple merit. Weve arrived at an age for romance and snobbery. <SEP> Weve all been rich and spoiled long enough to hate the machine age. Look what those little European jobs are doing. <SEP> Well woo the consumer with a product not bludgeon him with chromed excess length and weight. Lets make it moonlight and the call of far places and a seduction at reasonable rates. <SEP> Ticonderoga folded a few minutes too soon before the tide changed still honest and stupid -- and the network of dealers the company had is around waiting to be signed up again -- waiting for us ready-made. Weve got rid of the steam yachts and Georgian houses and the bloated too-expensive automobile is next. <SEP> Why not come down smartly in the world in a chic fashion with an Allstates-Zenith He swayed them somewhat but the debate raged on. <SEP> Financing emerged as the main obstacle. Mr. Willis made it evident that he had contributed his maximum. <SEP> Nobody will underwrite it Im telling you Freddy said. I know what Im talking about in that department. <SEP> Theres plenty of risk money Ham Richert added but not for anything this risky. All right William said. <SEP> Well try to swing the deal on that basis. If we cant raise the capital were through. <SEP> Nothing has been lost. Youre up against it anyhow. <SEP> Why wont you give me a chance A silence fell. <SEP> Heads instinctively turned in Willis direction. He smiled at William and slowly rubbed his hands together. <SEP> I feel I must answer the question he said since the onus later if any should fall on me -- I dont relish recriminations spread broadcast outside my family. Im not giving you a chance Bill but availing myself of your generous offer of assistance. Good luck to you. <SEP> All the in-laws have got to have their day Adam said and glared at William and Freddy in turn. Sweat started out on Williams forehead whether from relief or disquietude he could not tell. <SEP> Across the table Hamrick saluted him jubilantly with an encircled thumb and forefinger. Nobody else showed pleasure. <SEP> Spike-haired burly red-faced decked with horn-rimmed glasses and an Ivy League suit Jack Hamrick awaited William at the officers club. Hello boss he said and grinned. <SEP> I suppose I can never expect to call you General after that Washington episode. Im afraid not.
cg30.txt:Did not question it Ptolemy could not. <SEP> Given the conceptual context within which ancient thought thrived how could anyone have questioned this principle The reasons for this are partly observational partly philosophical and reinforced by other aesthetic and cultural factors. First the observational reasons. <SEP> The obvious natural fact to ancient thinkers was the diurnal rotation of the heavens. Not only did constellations like Draco Cepheus and Cassiopeia spin circles around the pole but stars which were not circumpolar rose and set at the same place on the horizon each night. <SEP> A constellations stars vary in brightness during the course of their nocturnal flights. The conclusion -- the distances of the constellations did not vary and their paths were circular. Moreover the suns path over earth described a segment of a great circle this was clear from the contour of the shadow traced by a gnomon before and after noon. <SEP> As early as the th century B.C. The earth was seen to be spherical. Ships disappear hull-first over the horizon approaching shore their masts appeared first. <SEP> Earth being at the center of the universe would have the same shape as the latter so e.g. Did Aristotle argue although this may not be an observational reason in favor of circularity. The discoid shapes of sun and moon were also felt to indicate the shape of celestial things. <SEP> In light of all this one would require special reasons for saying that the paths of the heavenly bodies were other than circular. Why for example should the ancients have supposed the diurnal rotation of the heavens to be elliptical Or oviform Or angular <SEP> There were no reasons for such suppositions then. This conjoined with the considerations above made the circular motions of heavenly bodies appear an almost directly observed fact. <SEP> Additional philosophical considerations advanced notably by Aristotle supported further the circularity principle. By distinguishing superlunary -LRB- celestial -RRB- and sublunary -LRB- terrestrial -RRB- existence and reinforcing this with the four-element physics of Empedocles Aristotle came to speak of the stars as perfect bodies which moved in only a perfect way viz. In a perfect circle. <SEP> Now what is perfect motion It must apparently be motion without termini. <SEP> Motion which begins and ends at discrete places would -LRB- e.g. For Aristotle -RRB- be incomplete. Circular motion however since it is eternal and perfectly continuous lacks termini. <SEP> It is never motion towards something. Only imcomplete imperfect things move towards what they lack. <SEP> Perfect complete entities if they move at all do not move towards what they lack. They move only in accordance with what is in their natures. <SEP> Thus circular motion is itself one of the essential characteristics of completely perfect celestial existence. To return now to the four-element physics a mixture of muddy frothy water will when standing in a jar separate out with earth at the bottom water on top and the air on top of that. <SEP> A candle alight in the air directs its flame and smoke upwards. This gives a clue to the cosmical order of elements. <SEP> Thus earth has fallen to the center of the universe. It is covered -LRB- partly -RRB- with water air is atop of that. <SEP> Pure fire -LRB- the stars -RRB- is in the heavens. When combined with the metaphysical notion that pure forms of this universe are best appreciated when least embodied in a material substratum it becomes clear that while earth will be dross on a scale of material-formal ratios celestial bodies will be of a subtle quickened ethereal existence in whose embodiment pure form will be the dominant component and matter will be absent or remain subsidiary. <SEP> The stars constitute an order of existence different from what we encounter on earth. This is clear when one distinguishes the types of motion appropriate to both regions. <SEP> A projectile shot up from earth returns rectlinearly to its natural place of rest. The natural condition for the heavenly bodies is neither rest nor rectilinear motion. <SEP> Being less encumbered by material embodiments they partake more of what is divine. Their motion will be eternal and perfect. <SEP> Let us re-examine the publicized contrasts between Ptolemaic and Copernican astronomy. Bluntly there never was a Ptolemaic system of astronomy. <SEP> Copernicus achievement was to have invented systematic astronomy. The Almagest and The Hypotheses outline Ptolemys conception of his own task as the provision of computational tables independent calculating devices for the prediction of future planetary perturbations. <SEP> Indeed in the Halma edition of Theons presentation of The Hypotheses there is a chart setting out -LRB- under six distinct headings -RRB- otherwise unrelated diagrams for describing the planetary motions. No attempt is made by Ptolemy to weld into a single scheme -LRB- a-la-Aristotle -RRB- these independent predicting-machines. <SEP> They all have this in common : the earth is situated near the center of the deferent. That one should superimpose all these charts run a pin through the common point and then scale each planetary deferent larger and smaller -LRB- to keep the epicycles from bumping -RRB- this is contrary to any intention Ptolemy ever expresses. <SEP> He might even suppose the planets to move at infinity. Ptolemys problem is to forecast where against the inverted bowl of night some particular light will be found at future times. <SEP> His problem concerns longitudes latitudes and angular velocities. The distances of these points of light is a problem he can not master beyond crude conjectures as to the orderings of the planetary orbits viewed outward from earth. <SEP> None of this has prevented scientists philosophers and even historians of science from speaking of the Ptolemaic system in contrast to the Copernican. This is a mistake. <SEP> It is engendered by confounding the Aristotelian cosmology in The Almagest with the geocentric astronomy. Ptolemy recurrently denies that he could ever explain planetary motion. <SEP> This is what necessitates the nonsystematic character of his astronomy. So when textbooks like that of Baker set out drawings of the Ptolemaic System complete with earth in the center and the seven heavenly bodies epicyclically arranged on their several deferents we have nothing but a misleading th-century idea of what never existed historically. <SEP> It is the chief merit in Copernicus work that all his planetary calculations are interdependent. He can not e.g. Compute the retrograde arc traveled by Mars without also making suppositions about the earths own motion. <SEP> He can not describe eclipses without entertaining some form of a three-body problem. In Ptolemaic terms however eclipses and retrograde motion were phenomena simpliciter to be explained directly as possible resultants of epicyclical combinations. <SEP> In a systematic astronomy like that of Copernicus retrogradations become part of the conceptual structure of the system they are no longer a puzzling aspect of intricately variable local planetary motions. Another contrast stressed when discussing Ptolemaic vs. Copernican astronomy turns on the idea of simplicity. <SEP> It is often stated that Copernican astronomy is simpler than Ptolemaic. Some even say that this is the reason for the ultimate acceptance of the former. <SEP> Thus Margenau remarks : A large number of unrelated epicycles was needed to explain the observations but otherwise the -LRB- Ptolemaic -RRB- system served well and with quantitative precision. Copernicus by placing the sun at the center of the planetary universe was able to reduce the number of epicycles from eighty-three to seventeen. <SEP> Historical records indicate that Copernicus was unaware of the fundamental aspects of his so-called revolution unaware perhaps of its historical importance he rested content with having produced a simpler scheme for prediction. As an illustration of the principle of simplicity the heliocentric discovery has a peculiar appeal because it allows simplicity to be arithmetized it involves a reduction in the number of epicycles from eighty-three to seventeen. <SEP> Without careful qualification this can be misleading. If in any one calculation Ptolemy had had to invoke epicycles all at once while Copernicus never required more than one third this number then -LRB- in the sense obvious to Margenau -RRB- Ptolemaic astronomy would be simpler than Copernican. <SEP> No single planetary problem ever required of Ptolemy more than six epicycles at one time. This of course results from the non-systematic cellular character of Ptolemaic theory. <SEP> Calculations within the Copernican framework always raised questions about planetary configurations. These could be met only by considering the dynamical elements of several planets at one time. <SEP> This is more ambitious than Ptolemy is ever required to be when he faces his isolated problems. Thus in no ordinary sense of simplicity is the Ptolemaic theory simpler than the Copernican. <SEP> The latter required juggling several elements simultaneously. This was not simpler but much more difficult than exercises within Ptolemys astronomy. <SEP> Analogously anyone who argues that Einsteins theory of gravitation is simpler than Newtons must say rather more to explain how it is that the latter is mastered by student-physicists while the former can be managed -LRB- with difficulty -RRB- only by accomplished experts. In a sense Einsteins theory is simpler than Newtons and there is a corresponding sense in which Copernicus theory is simpler than Ptolemys. <SEP> Simplicity here refers to systematic simplicity. The number of primitive ideas in systematically-simple theories is reduced to a minimum. <SEP> The Axioms required to make the theoretical machinery operate are set out tersely and powerfully so that all permissible operations within the theory can be traced rigorously back to these axioms rules and primitive notions. This characterizes Euclids formulation of geometry but not Ptolemys astronomy. <SEP> There are in The Almagest no rules for determining in advance whether a new epicycle will be required for dealing with abberations in lunar solar or planetary behavior. The strongest appeal of the Copernican formulation consisted in just this : ideally the justification for dealing with special problems in particular ways is completely set out in the basic rules of the theory. <SEP> The lower-level hypotheses are never ad hoc never introduced ex post facto just to sweep up within the theory some recalcitrant datum. Copernicus to an extent unachieved by Ptolemy approximated to Euclids vision. <SEP> De Revolutionibus is not just a collection of facts and techniques. It is an organized system of these things. <SEP> Solving astronomical problems requires for Copernicus not a random search of unrelated tables but a regular employment of the rules defining the entire discipline. Hence noting the simplicity achieved in Copernicus formulation does not provide another reason for the acceptance of De Revolutionibus another reason beyond its systematic superiority. <SEP> It provides exactly the same reason. A.D. Is often venerated as the birthday of the scientific revolution. <SEP> It is really the funeral day of scholastic science. Granted the cosmological philosophical and cultural reverberations initiated by the De Revolutionibus were felt with increasing violence during the years to follow. <SEP> Considered within technical astronomy a different pattern can be traced. In what does the dissatisfaction of Copernicus-the-astronomer consist <SEP> What in The Almagest draws his fire Geocentricism per se No. The formal displacement of the geocentric principle far from being Copernicus primary concern was introduced only to resolve what seemed to him intolerable in orthodox astronomy namely the unphysical triplication of centric reference-points : one center from which the planets distances were calculated another around which planetary velocities were computed and still a third center -LRB- the earth -RRB- from which the observations originated. <SEP> This arrangement was for Copernicus literally monstrous : With -LRB- the Ptolemaists -RRB- it is as though an artist were to gather the hands feet head and other members for his images from divers models each part excellently drawn but not related to a single body and since they in no way match each other the result would be a monster rather than a man. Copernicus required a systematically integrated physically intelligible astronomy. <SEP> His objective was essentially to repair those aspects of orthodox astronomy responsible for its deficiencies in achieving these ends. That such deficiencies existed within Ptolemys theory was not discovered de novo by Copernicus. <SEP> The critical rigorous examinations of Nicholas of Cusa and Nicholas of Oresme provided the context -LRB- a late medieval context -RRB- for Nicholas Copernicus own work. The latter looked backward upon inherited deficiencies. <SEP> Without abandoning too much Copernicus sought to make orthodox astronomy systematically and mechanically acceptable. He did not think himself to be firing the first shot of an intellectual revolution.
cm06.txt:Would have killed you in the cabin. <SEP> You have anything for me Mercer stammered not knowing what Bdikkat meant and the two-nosed man answered for him I think he has a nice baby head but it isnt big enough for you to take yet. <SEP> Mercer never noticed the needle touch his arm. Bdikkat had turned to the next knot of people when the super-condamine hit Mercer. <SEP> He tried to run after Bdikkat to hug the lead spacesuit to tell Bdikkat that he loved him. He stumbled and fell but it did not hurt. <SEP> The many-bodied girl lay near him. Mercer spoke to her. <SEP> It wonderful Youre beautiful beautiful beautiful. <SEP> Im so happy to be here. The woman covered with growing hands came and sat beside them. <SEP> She radiated warmth and good fellowship. Mercer thought that she looked very distinguished and charming. <SEP> He struggled out of his clothes. It was foolish and snobbish to wear clothing when none of these nice people did. <SEP> The two women babbled and crooned at him. With one corner of his mind he knew that they were saying nothing just expressing the euphoria of a drug so powerful that the known universe had forbidden it. <SEP> With most of his mind he was happy. He wondered how anyone could have the good luck to visit a planet as nice as this. <SEP> He tried to tell the Lady Da but the words werent quite straight. A painful stab hit him in the abdomen. <SEP> The drug went after the pain and swallowed it. It was like the cap in the hospital only a thousand times better. <SEP> The pain was gone though it had been crippling the first time. He forced himself to be deliberate. <SEP> He rammed his mind into focus and said to the two ladies who lay pinkly nude beside him in the desert That was a good bite. Maybe I will grow another head. <SEP> That would make Bdikkat happy The Lady Da forced the foremost of her bodies in an upright position. <SEP> Said she Im strong too. I can talk. <SEP> Remember man remember. People never live forever. <SEP> We can die too we can die like real people. I do so believe in death <SEP> Mercer smiled at her through his happiness. Of course you can. <SEP> This nice With this he felt his lips thicken and his mind go slack. <SEP> He was wide awake but he did not feel like doing anything. In that beautiful place among all those companionable and attractive people he sat and smiled. <SEP> Bdikkat was sterilizing his knives. Mercer wondered how long the super-condamine had lasted him. <SEP> He endured the ministrations of the dromozoa without screams or movement. The agonies of nerves and itching of skin were phenomena which happened somewhere near him but meant nothing. <SEP> He watched his own body with remote casual interest. The Lady Da and the hand-covered woman stayed near him. <SEP> After a long time the half-man dragged himself over to the group with his powerful arms. Having arrived he blinked sleepily and friendlily at them and lapsed back into the restful stupor from which he had emerged. <SEP> Mercer saw the sun rise on occasion closed his eyes briefly and opened them to see stars shining. Time had no meaning. <SEP> The dromozoa fed him in their mysterious way the drug canceled out his needs for cycles of the body. At last he noticed a return of the inwardness of pain. <SEP> The pains themselves had not changed he had. He knew all the events which could take place on Shayol. <SEP> He remembered them well from his happy period. Formerly he had noticed them -- now he felt them. <SEP> He tried to ask the Lady Da how long they had had the drug and how much longer they would have to wait before they had it again. She smiled at him with benign remote happiness apparently her many torsos stretched out along the ground had a greater capacity for retaining the drug than did his body. <SEP> She meant him well but was in no condition for articulate speech. The half-man lay on the ground arteries pulsating prettily behind the half-transparent film which protected his abdominal cavity. <SEP> Mercer squeezed the mans shoulder. The half-man woke recognized Mercer and gave him a healthily sleepy grin. A good morrow to you my boy. <SEP> Thats out of a play. You ever see a play <SEP> You mean a game with cards No said the half-man a sort of eye-machine with real people doing the figures. I never saw that said Mercer but I -- <SEP> you want to ask me when Bdikkat is going to come back with the needle. Yes said Mercer a little ashamed of his obviousness. <SEP> Soon said the half-man. Thats why I think of plays. <SEP> We all know what is going to happen. We all know when it is going to happen. <SEP> We all know what the dummies will do -- he gestured at the hummocks in which the decorticated men were cradled -- and we all know what the new people will ask. We never know how long a scene is going to take. <SEP> Whats a scene Asked Mercer. That the name for the needle <SEP> The half-man laughed with something close to real humor. No no no. Youve got the lovelies on the brain. <SEP> A scene is just a part of a play. I mean we know the order in which things happen but we have no clocks and nobody cares enough to count days or to make calendars and theres not much climate here so none of us know how long anything takes. <SEP> The pain seems short and the pleasure seems long. Im inclined to think that they are about two Earth-weeks each. <SEP> Mercer did not know what an Earth-week was since he had not been a well-read man before his conviction but he got nothing more from the half-man at that time. The half-man received a dromozootic implant turned red in the face shouted senselessly at Mercer Take it out you fool Take it out of me <SEP> When Mercer looked on helplessly the half-man twisted over on his side his pink dusty back turned to Mercer and wept hoarsely and quietly to himself. Mercer himself could not tell how long it was before Bdikkat came back. <SEP> It might have been several days. It might have been several months. <SEP> Once again Bdikkat moved among them like a father once again they clustered like children. This time Bdikkat smiled pleasantly at the little head which had grown out of Mercers thigh -- a sleeping childs head covered with light hair on top and with dainty eyebrows over the resting eyes. <SEP> Mercer got the blissful needle. When Bdikkat cut the head from Mercers thigh he felt the knife grinding against the cartilage which held the head to his own body. <SEP> He saw the child-face grimace as the head was cut he felt the far cool flash of unimportant pain as Bdikkat dabbed the wound with a corrosive antiseptic which stopped all bleeding immediately. The next time it was two legs growing from his chest. <SEP> Then there had been another head beside his own. That after the torso and legs waist to toe-tips of the little girl which had grown from his side <SEP> He forgot the order. He did not count time. <SEP> Lady Da smiled at him often but there was no love in this place. She had lost the extra torsos. <SEP> In between teratologies she was a pretty and shapely woman but the nicest thing about their relationship was her whisper to him repeated some thousands of time repeated with smiles and hope People never live forever. She found this immensely comforting even though Mercer did not make much sense out of it. <SEP> Thus events occurred and victims changed in appearance and new ones arrived. Sometimes Bdikkat took the new ones resting in the everlasting sleep of their burned-out brains in a ground-truck to be added to other herds. <SEP> The bodies in the truck threshed and bawled without human speech when the dromozoa struck them. Finally Mercer did manage to follow Bdikkat to the door of the cabin. <SEP> He had to fight the bliss of super-condamine to do it. Only the memory of previous hurt bewilderment and perplexity made him sure that if he did not ask Bdikkat when he Mercer was happy the answer would no longer be available when he needed it. <SEP> Fighting pleasure itself he begged Bdikkat to check the records and to tell him how long he had been there. Bdikkat grudgingly agreed but he did not come out of the doorway. <SEP> He spoke through the public address box built into the cabin and his gigantic voice roared out over the empty plain so that the pink herd of talking people stirred gently in their happiness and wondered what their friend Bdikkat might be wanting to tell them. When he said it they thought it exceedingly profound though none of them understood it since it was simply the amount of time that Mercer had been on Shayol : Standard years -- eighty-four years seven months three days two hours eleven and one half minutes. Good luck fellow. <SEP> Mercer turned away. The secret little corner of his mind which stayed sane through happiness and pain made him wonder about Bdikkat. <SEP> What persuaded the cow-man to remain on Shayol What kept him happy without super-condamine <SEP> Was Bdikkat a crazy slave to his own duty or was he a man who had hopes of going back to his own planet some day surrounded by a family of little cow-people resembling himself Mercer despite his happiness wept a little at the strange fate of Bdikkat. <SEP> His own fate he accepted. He remembered the last time he had eaten -- actual eggs from an actual pan. <SEP> The dromozoa kept him alive but he did not know how they did it. He staggered back to the group. <SEP> The Lady Da naked in the dusty plain waved a hospitable hand and showed that there was a place for him to sit beside her. There were unclaimed square miles of seating space around them but he appreciated the kindliness of her gesture none the less. <SEP> The years if they were years went by. The land of Shayol did not change. <SEP> Sometimes the bubbling sound of geysers came faintly across the plain to the herd of men those who could talk declared it to be the breathing of Captain Alvarez. There was night and day but no setting of crops no change of season no generations of men. <SEP> Time stood still for these people and their load of pleasure was so commingled with the shocks and pains of the dromozoa that the words of the Lady Da took on very remote meaning. People never live forever. <SEP> Her statement was a hope not a truth in which they could believe. They did not have the wit to follow the stars in their courses to exchange names with each other to harvest the experience of each for the wisdom of all. <SEP> There was no dream of escape for these people. Though they saw the old-style chemical rockets lift up from the field beyond Bdikkats cabin they did not make plans to hide among the frozen crop of transmuted flesh. <SEP> Far long ago some other prisoner than one of these had tried to write a letter. His handwriting was on a rock. <SEP> Mercer read it and so had a few of the others but they could not tell which man had done it. They care. <SEP> The letter scraped on stone had been a message home. They could still read the opening : Once I was like you stepping out of my window at the end of day and letting the winds blow me gently toward the place I lived in. <SEP> Once like you I had one head two hands ten fingers on my hands. The front part of my head was called a face and I could talk with it. <SEP> Now I can only write and that only when I get out of pain.
cn21.txt:Oil and copra make the kind of tinder any firebug dreams of. <SEP> I suppose a Lascar sailor had sneaked a cigarette in the hold and touched off the blaze. Now roaring up in great oily clouds of smoke and flames the fierce heat quickly drove us to the stern where we huddled like suffocating sheep not knowing what to do. <SEP> The lifeboats were stuck fast. We couldnt budge them. <SEP> I heard a cry from a stoker as a pillar of flame leaped from a hatch and tongued the mans bare back. He sprinted to the rail and leaped overboard into the shark-infested waters. <SEP> One especially bad detonation shook Lifeboat No. Which trembled violently in the davits. Brassnose yelled : Come on Sommers Max step on it we got a chance now. <SEP> Heave on those ropes the boats come unstuck. We pulled and swore and yanked and wept scraping our hands until they bled profusely. <SEP> The Bonaventure was quivering and lurching like an old spavined mare. Her stern was down and a sharp list helped us to cut loose the lifeboat which dropped heavily into the water. <SEP> Brassnose Max and I leaped into the sea and swam to the boat. Lets get away fast said Brassnose shaking water from his mop of bleached hair. <SEP> That tub is going to explode all at once. Then the Bonaventure seemed to disintegrate with a roar of live steam geysers of sparks and flames and a dense cloud of black-and-orange smoke. <SEP> Dimly we heard the voices of men in mortal agony but we couldnt go back into that inferno. Already our leaky lifeboat was filled with five inches of water. <SEP> Sommers you bale while we row Brassnose commanded. As best as I could determine we were some miles west of New Guinea in the Bismark Archipelago. <SEP> Three days previously we had steamed past barren Rennell Island in the distance. Now we peered anxiously for any speck of land in the Pacific for this interminable bailing would have to stop soon. <SEP> There were gigantic blisters and rope burns on our hands our muscles were hot wires of pain. Brassnose was strangely silent. <SEP> The big man with the whitened hair murmured something : his words sounded as if they were in the Manu tongue which I recognized having studied the dialect in my Anthropology class at the University of Chicago. He then said something which struck a chord in my memory. <SEP> God help us if were near the island of Eromonga. Wed be in real trouble then. <SEP> Id rather keep bailing -- or sink. I was puzzled by the remark then I recalled the voice of mild Professor Howard Griggs three years ago in a university lecture on primitive societies. <SEP> He had been speaking of this archipelago : Even when the islands were under German mandate before World War Europeans gave Eromonga a wide berth. The place is inhabited by several hundred warlike women who are anachronisms of the Twentieth Century -- stone age amazons who live in an all-female matriarchal society which is self-sufficient. <SEP> I remembered too the jesting voice of a classmate Bobby Pauson : But how do they reproduce Dr. Griggs Im sure that males have something to do with that process <SEP> There had been classroom guffaws which quickly subsided as Professor Griggs said dryly : I see your point Pauson. Of course males play a role there but believe me when I say you wouldnt enjoy yourself one bit on Eromonga. <SEP> Indeed you wouldnt live long for the females either drive the men theyve seized from neighboring islands back to their boats after exploiting them for amatory purposes or they destroy them by revolting but ingenious methods. In fact one important aspect of their very religion is the annihilation of men. <SEP> I think I know what you mean Brassnose I said. I know something about Eromonga. <SEP> Lets hope we come to a safer place. We didnt. <SEP> Three hours later while we were bailing desperately a dot of land came into view. Foster Lukuklu Frayne made a sign over his heart with his two linked thumbs : I recognized it as an ancient Manu gesture intended to propitiate the Devil. <SEP> A half-hour passed we had drifted closer. In a voice so frightened as to seem not his own the big bosuns mate quavered : Tchalo <SEP> It is Eromonga -- look hard you can see with your naked eye the wooden scaffolding on the cliff. I squinted at the looming shoreline. <SEP> There was a wooden tower or derrick there something like a ski jump it was perhaps feet high and had been artfully constructed of logs. A fine example of engineering in a primitive society. What is the scaffolding for Brassnose <SEP> He made a sound of despair deep in his throat. It was embarrassing to see strapping blonde Brassnose comport himself like a child who talks about bogeymen. Aaa-ee <SEP> It is their tultul the jumping platform of death. It is the last of the three tests of manhood which the women impose to discover if a male is worthy of survival there. <SEP> Often I heard my uncles and cousins speak of it when I was a small boy growing up in Rabaul. They had never seen a tultul but they had heard about it from their fathers. <SEP> Our lifeboat was filling rapidly and despite what I had heard of the inhabitants of Eromonga I was glad to see a long and graceful outrigger manned by three bronzed girls glide out of a lagoon into the open sea and toward our craft. I expected Brassnose -- as a man with a strain of Melanesian in his blood -- to speak to them. <SEP> He had turned a sickly green and appeared tongue-tied or panicked. I mustered my few words of the Manu dialect and said We greet you in peace. In ngandlu. <SEP> My friends and I come from a ship which was destroyed by fire. We are thirsty and hungry our sore and burned hands and arms need attention. <SEP> The girl in the prow of the outrigger turned a smile like a beacon on me. I noted that her full breasts were bare and that she wore a garland of red pandanus fruit in her blue-black hair. <SEP> She said My name is Songau and these girls are Ponkob and Piwen. You are welcome to Eromonga. <SEP> My people await you on the shore. You shall have food water and rest. <SEP> Thirty minutes later the outrigger grated on sand and other girls waiting on shore rushed forward to pull it up on the beach and make it fast with vine ropes to a large boulder. I saw a dozen or so other outriggers moored there. <SEP> I looked. All my rosy visions of rest and even pleasure on this island vanished at the sight. <SEP> There was a mound of bleached human bones and skulls at the base of the big wooden derrick. Some had been there for years others still had whitened shreds of decayed flesh sticking to them. <SEP> There was one object which sickened yet fascinated me. This was also a corpse -- a male judging from the coral arm bands the tribal scars still discernible on the maggoty face the painted bone of the warrior caste which still pierced the septum of the rotting nose. The body may have been two or three weeks dead. <SEP> I looked with revulsion at the legs. They were shattered. <SEP> Many small bones protruded crazily from the shreds of flesh. The man must have leaped to his death from the topmost rung of the tultul. <SEP> As if divining my thoughts the girl Songau smiled warmly and said in the casual tone an American woman might use in describing her rose garden : This is our tultul a jumping platform aku. Later you shall know it better. <SEP> It not well-made Our old one blew down in a storm at the time of the pokeneu festival fifteen moons ago. <SEP> It took thirty of our women almost six moons to build this one which is higher and stronger than the old one. We are very proud of it. <SEP> You have every right to be I replied gravely in the Manu dialect but my attention was fixed on Brassnose the biggest and strongest of us. He looked as if he was going to keel over. <SEP> I felt a queasiness in my own stomach but it wouldnt do to show these girls that we were afraid. Not so soon anyway. I clapped the big man with the bleached hair on his shoulder and said heartily hoping it would make an impression on the women : This one is the maku Frayne. <SEP> He speaks your language too for he is the grandson of a chieftain on Taui who made much magic and was strong and cunning. The maku Frayne has inherited this strength from his grandfather. <SEP> This was the worst thing I could have said. Brassnose turned a stricken face toward me and said brokenly Sommers you meddling Yank youre a fool <SEP> They despise males who brag of their strength they destroy such men with their damned tests. Youve ruined me blast you <SEP> At first I thought he was out of his head talking wildly like this. A glance at Songau and the other women confirmed what Brassnose had blurted out. <SEP> The womens faces had hardened after my statement. At a nod from Songau four lithe and muscular girls darted to Fraynes side and seized him by the arms. <SEP> The man was an ox and he put up a creditable struggle but four Eromonga women are more than a match for the strongest male that ever lived. Besides terror had sapped some of Fraynes vitality and will. <SEP> My last impression as they led him off to a stockade was of his pale face. In the Manu tongue eromonga means manhood -- a quality which the women derisively toasted in weekly feasts at which great quantities of a brew like kava were imbibed. <SEP> In the hut to which I was assigned -- Max had his own quarters -- my food was brought to me by a wrinkled crone with bare drooping breasts who seemed to enjoy conversing with me in rudimentary phrases. Her name was LTuru and she told me many things. <SEP> For an anthropologist loquacious old LTuru was a mine of information. Though I had a great dread of the island and felt I would never leave it alive I eagerly wrote down everything she told me about its women. -LRB- Her account was later confirmed by the Scobee-Frazier Expedition from the University of Manitoba in. -RRB- <SEP> From LTuru I heard that until about the people of this island -- which was about the size of Guam or smaller -- had been of both sexes and that the normal family life of Melanesian tribes was observed here with minor variations. In the middle of the last century an island woman named Karipo seized a spear in the heat of an inter-tribal battle and rallied the women after their men had fled. <SEP> Miraculously Karipo and her women had succeeded in driving a hundred invaders from the isle of Pamasu back to their war canoes after considerable loss of life on both sides. Karipo was something of a politician as well as a militarist. <SEP> She quickly exploited the exalted position she now occupied by harassing the disorganized males and even putting many of them to death. Within a decade or less few men were left and a feminist society had sprung up. <SEP> Karipo was great goddess told our mothers that men were not necessary except to father children the crone told me. All men went away from here. <SEP> Those who stayed had to pass tests. Few passed. <SEP> She cackled with mirth showing the stumps of betel-stained teeth. Karipos women then named this place Eromonga -- manhood -- for just the strongest men could stay here. <SEP> Come I show you. The old woman arose stiffly and led me to a clearing where a small hut stood. <SEP> In the shade of a palm tree in front of the squalid dwelling I saw four figures in a semi-circle on the ground.
cl15.txt:A door conveniently unlocked Madden supplemented. <SEP> That damn door said the police chief. A gift horse to be viewed with suspicion. Maddens dark face wore a meditative look. <SEP> If there was collusion between an outside murderer and a member of the household it would be an elementary precaution to check on the door later. It makes a very poor red herring for an inside job. Much better to break a cellar window. <SEP> Dont forget there was the hope it would pass for a natural death Pauling reminded him. Well with a house as big as that there must be at least one cellar window that wouldnt be noticed right away unless there was a police investigation. Yeah. <SEP> And a pane of glass isnt hard to -- The telephone interrupted him. He scooped up the receiver and said Police chief into the mouthpiece and then Oh yes Mr. Benson. <SEP> I was hoping Id hear from you today. With his free hand he pulled a pad and pencil toward him and began to make notes as he listened saying Uh-huh and I see at intervals. <SEP> At last he said Well thank you for calling Mr. Benson. Although there was no doubt in my mind and weve been handling it as one Im glad to have it made official. <SEP> He hung up. Coroner he said to Madden. <SEP> Hes just heard from the pathologist who says Mrs. Meeker apparently died from suffocation. Pauling looked at his notes. Many minute hemorrhages in the lungs particles of lint and thread in the mouth and nostrils. Scrapings from the bed linen identical with the lint and thread found in the nasal and oral cavities. No other cause of death apparent. Trachea clear of mucus and foreign objects. Brain examined for thrombosis clot or hemorrhage. No signs of these no gross hemorrhage of lungs heart brain or stomach. <SEP> He paused. Thats about it. Oh the time of death. <SEP> The duration of the digestive process varies the pathologist says but the empty stomach and the findings in the upper gastrointestinal tract indicate that Mrs. Meeker died several hours after her seven-oclock dinner. Probably around midnight give or take an hour either way. Pauling paused again. <SEP> So there it is he said. Not your problem of course unless Johnston and the murderer are one and the same. They discussed this possibility. <SEP> However likely it was Pauling said he couldnt limit himself to it. He had to look for other prospects other motives until more conclusive evidence pointing to Johnston came to light. <SEP> Madden with his investigation centered on the fraud said that tomorrow he would go to the Bronx bank through which Mrs. Meekers checks to Johnston had cleared. Arthur Williams had to be located they agreed. <SEP> He might have been in collusion with Johnston on the fraud he might be Mrs. Meekers murderer or have played some part in her death. This was Maddens suggestion the police chief shook his head over it. <SEP> If Arthur Williams was involved in the fraud or the murder then he too had another identity. No one the Medfield police had questioned professed to know any more about him than about Johnston. Scholarship applicant <SEP> Pauling looked doubtful. Madden explained that he was thinking of an application sent directly to Mrs. Meeker. <SEP> Then he asked to use the phone and called Brian Thayer who said that he was just leaving to keep a lunch date but would be home by two oclock. Madden said that he would see him at two and made another call this one to Mrs. Meekers lawyers. <SEP> Mr. Hohlbein was out for the day but Mr. Garth would be free at one-thirty. The secretarys tone indicated that an appointment at such short notice was a concession for which Madden should be duly grateful. <SEP> He inferred that Hohlbein and Garth were high-priced lawyers. He had lunch with Pauling. <SEP> Promptly at one-thirty he entered Hohlbein and Garths elegant suite of offices in Medfields newest professional building. He disliked Garth on sight conservative clothes and haircut smile a shade too earnestly boyish for a man who must be well into his thirties handclasp too consciously quick and firm. <SEP> Youngish man on the make Madden labeled him and was ready to guess that in a correct not too pushing fashion the junior partner of the firm had political ambitions that Mrs. Garth would be impeccably suitable as the wife of a rising young lawyer that there were three children two boys and a girl that she was active in the Womans Club and he in Lions Rotary and Jaycee and finally that neither of them had harbored an unorthodox opinion since their wedding day. Madden knew that he could be completely wrong about all this but also knew that he would go right on disliking Garth. <SEP> Garth was prepared to be helpful in what he referred to with fastidious distaste as this unfortunate Johnston affair which would not he said more than once have ever come about if Mrs. Meeker had only seen fit to consult Mr. Hohlbein or him about it. Madden regretted not being able to find fault with so true a statement. <SEP> He asked to see a copy of Mrs. Meekers will. Garth brought one out. <SEP> The date October immediately caught the inspectors eye. Fairly recent he remarked. <SEP> She in the habit of making new wills Oh no. She had reason to change the one she made right after Mr. Meekers death. <SEP> Her estate had grown considerably. She wanted to make a more equitable distribution of it among the groups that would benefit the most particularly the scholarship fund. <SEP> At the time the will was drawn Mr. Hohlbein mentioned to me how mentally alert she seemed for her age knowing just what changes she wanted made and so forth. Garth hesitated. <SEP> Mr. Hohlbein and I have noticed some lapses since though. Most of them this past year Id say. <SEP> Even two or three years ago I doubt that shed have become involved in this unfortunate Johnston affair. Shed have consulted us you see. <SEP> She always did before and showed the utmost confidence in whatever we advised. The inspector nodded doubting this. <SEP> Mrs. Meeker hadnt struck him as ready to seek anyones advice least of all Garths. With her sharp tongue shed have cut his pompousness to ribbons. <SEP> It would have been Hohlbein who handled her affairs. Madden settled back to read the will. <SEP> He skimmed over the millions that went to Meeker Park Medfield Hospital the civic center the Public Health Nursing Association the library and so on pausing when he came to the scholarship fund. Two millions were added to what had been set aside for it in Mrs. Meekers lifetime and the proviso made that as long as Brian Thayer continued to discharge his duties as administrator of the fund to the satisfaction of the board of trustees -LRB- hereinafter appointed by the bank administering the estate -RRB- he was to be retained in his present capacity at a salary commensurate with the increased responsibilities enlargement of the fund would entail. <SEP> A splendid vote of confidence in Thayer Madden reflected. Tenure too. Very nice for him. He went on to personal bequests a list of names largely unknown to him. Twenty-five thousand to each of the great-nieces in Oregon -LRB- not much to blood relatives out of millions -RRB- ten thousand to this friend and that five thousand to another to Brian Thayer the sum of ten thousand dollars to the Pecks ten thousand each to Joan Sheldon the conditional bequest of ten thousand to be paid to her in the event that she was still in Mrs. Meekers employ at the time of the latters death. <SEP> -LRB- No additional five thousand for each year after Joans twenty-first birthday Mrs. Meeker hadnt got around to taking care of that. -RRB- Too bad Madden thought. <SEP> Joan Sheldon had earned the larger bequest. Mr. Hohlbein was left twenty thousand Garth ten. <SEP> There were no other names Madden recognized. Arthur Williamss might well have been included he felt. <SEP> Mrs. Meeker had spent a small fortune on a search for him but had made no provision for him in her will if he should be found after her death and had never mentioned his name to her lawyers. Madden took up this point with Garth who shrugged it off. <SEP> Old people have their idiosyncrasies. This one came a bit high at thirty thousand or more. <SEP> Well she had a number of them where money was concerned Garth said. Sometimes wed have trouble persuading her to make tax-exempt charitable contributions and Ive known her to quarrel with a plumber over a bill for fixing a faucet the next moment shed put another half million into the scholarship fund or thirty thousand into something as impractical as this unfortunate Johnston affair. <SEP> There was no telling how shed react to spending money. Madden inquired next about the audit of the scholarship fund. <SEP> There was an annual audit Garth informed him. No discrepancies or shortages had ever been found. <SEP> Brian Thayer was a thoroughly honest and competent administrator. His salary had reached the ten thousand mark. <SEP> His expenses ran another four or five thousand. The lawyer didnt know him very well although he saw him occasionally at some dinner party -- Thayer like himself Madden reflected was the extra man so prized by hostesses -- and found him easy enough to talk to. <SEP> He didnt play golf didnt seem to belong to any local clubs -- his work took him away a lot of course -- which probably accounted for his tendency to keep to himself. Garths glance began to flicker to his watch. <SEP> He said that he had already told the police chief that he didnt know what insurance man had recommended Johnston to Mrs. Meeker. He would offer no theory to account for her murder. <SEP> The whole thing his manner conveyed was so far outside the normal routine of Hohlbein and Garth that it practically demanded being swept under the rug. No doubt Mrs. Meeker had snubbed him many a time and he felt no grief over her passing. <SEP> Even so Maddens dislike of the suave correct lawyer deepened. It would be all right with him he decided if his investigation of the fraud with its probable by-product of murder led to Garths door. Motive Ten-thousand-dollar bequest. <SEP> At first glance not much of a motive for a man of his standing but for all his air of affluence who could tell what his private financial picture was The inspector knew as he left that this was wishful thinking. <SEP> Nevertheless he made a mental note to look into Garths financial background. Brian Thayer had a downtown address. <SEP> He lived in an apartment house not over three or four years old a reclaimed island of landscaped brick and glass on the fringe of the business district. He occupied a two-bedroom apartment on the fourth floor using the second bedroom as his office. <SEP> Airy and bright the apartment was furnished with good modern furniture rugs and draperies. Done by a professional decorator Madden thought and somehow as impersonal as unremarkable as its occupant. <SEP> In Dunston the rent would run close to two hundred a month in Medfield perhaps twenty-five less not all of it paid by Thayer who could charge off one room on his expense account. He took Madden into the room he used as an office. <SEP> It contained a desk files a typewriter on a stand and two big leather armchairs. A newspaper open at stock-market reports lay on one of them. <SEP> Thayer folded it up and offered a drink. The inspector declined. <SEP> To begin the interview he asked if Thayer with more time to think it over could add to what he had said the other day about Johnston. Thayer shook his head. <SEP> Its all I think about too. That and her death. Its still unbelievable that it was murder. <SEP> For all her domineering ways I cant conceive of her having had a deadly enemy.
cf27.txt:For the wine waiter in a restaurant -- always an inscrutable plenipotentiary unto himself the genii with the keys to unlock the gates of the wine world are ones dealer and the foreign shipper or negociant who in turn supplies him. <SEP> In instances where both of these are persons or firms with integrity the situation is ideal. It may on occasion be anything but that. <SEP> However by cultivating a wine dealer and accepting his advice one will soon enough ascertain whether he has any knowledge of wines -LRB- as opposed to what he may have been told by salesmen and promoters -RRB- and better yet whether he has a taste for wine. Again by spreading ones purchases over several wine dealers one becomes familiar with the names and specialties of reputable wine dealers and shippers abroad. <SEP> This is important because despite all the efforts of the French government an appreciable segment of Frances export trade in wines is still tainted with a misrepresentation approaching downright dishonesty and there are many too many negociants who would rather turn a sou than amass a creditable reputation overseas. A good negociant or shipper will not only be the man or the firm which has cornered the wines from the best vineyards or the best parts of them he may also be the one who makes and bottles the best blends -- sound wines from vineyards generally in his own district. <SEP> These are the wines the French themselves use for everyday drinking for even in France virtually no one drinks the Grands Crus on a meal-to-meal basis. The Grands Crus are expensive and even doting palates tire of them. <SEP> Certainly in the case of the beginner or the comparatively uninitiated wine drinker the palate and the capacity for appreciation will not be ready for the Grands Crus as a steady diet without frequent recourse to crus of less renown. There is nothing infra dig about a good blend from a good shipper. <SEP> Some of them are very delicious indeed and there are many good ones exported -- unfortunately along with others not so good and worse. Consultation with a reputable wine dealer and constant experimentation -- steering ever from the known to the unknown -- are the requisites. <SEP> Wine waiters are something else again especially if one is travelling or dining out a great deal their importance mounts. Most of them the world over operate on the same principle by which justice is administered in France and some other Latin countries : the customer is to be considered guilty of abysmal ignorance until proven otherwise with the burden of proof on the customer himself. <SEP> Now the drinking of wine -LRB- and happily so -RRB- is for the most part a recondite affair for manifestly if everyone in the world who could afford the best wines also liked them the supply would dry up in no time at all. This is the only valid and extenuating argument that may be advanced in defense of the reprehensible attitude of the common wine waiter. <SEP> A really good wine waiter is paradoxically the guardian -LRB- and not the purveyor -RRB- of his cellar against the Visigoths. Faced on the one hand with an always exhaustible supply of his best wines and on the other by a clientele usually equipped with inexhaustible pocketbooks it is a wonder indeed that all wine waiters are not afflicted with chronic ambivalence. <SEP> The one way to get around them -- short of knowing exactly what one wants and sticking to it -- is to frequent a single establishment until its wine waiter is persuaded that one is at least as interested in wine as in spending money. Only then perhaps will he reveal his jewels and his bargains. <SEP> Wine bought from a dealer should ideally be allowed to rest for several weeks before it is served. This is especially true of red wines and a practice which though not always practicable is well worth the effort. <SEP> It does no harm for wine to stand on end for a matter of days but in terms of months and years it is fatal. Wine stored for a long time should be on its side otherwise the cork dries and air enters to spoil it. <SEP> When stacking wine on its side in a bin care should always be taken to be sure there is no air bubble left next to the cork. Fat bottles such as Burgundies have a way of rolling around in the bin and often need little props such as a bit of cardboard or a chip of wood to hold them in the proper reclining posture. <SEP> Too much dampness in the cellar rots the corks again with ill effects. The best rule of thumb for detecting corked wine -LRB- provided the eye has not already spotted it -RRB- is to smell the wet end of the cork after pulling it : if it smells of wine the bottle is probably all right if it smells of cork one has grounds for suspicion. <SEP> Seasonal rises or drops in temperature are bad for wine : they age it prematurely. The ideal storage temperature for long periods is about fifty-five degrees with an allowable range of five degrees above or below this provided there are no sudden or frequent changes. <SEP> Prolonged vibration is also undesirable consequently ones wine closet or cellar should be away from machines or electrically driven furnaces. If one lives near a subway or an express parkway the solution is to have ones wines stored with a dealer and brought home a few at a time. <SEP> Light especially daylight is always bad for wine. All in all though there is a good deal of nonsense expended over the preparations thought necessary for ordinary wine drinking many people go to extreme lengths in decanting chilling or warming or banishing without further investigation any bottle with so much as a slightly suspicious cork. <SEP> No one should wish to deny these purists the obvious pleasure they derive from all this and to give fair warning where warning is due no one who becomes fond of wines ever avoids acquiring some degree of purism the fact remains that in most restaurants including some of the best of Paris and Bordeaux and Dijon the bottle is frankly and simply brought from the cellar to the table when ordered and all the conditioning or preparation it ever receives takes place while the chef is preparing the meal. <SEP> A white wine already at cool cellar temperature may be adequately chilled in a bucket of ice and water or the freezing compartment of a refrigerator -LRB- the former is far preferable -RRB- in about fifteen minutes for those who live in a winter climate there is nothing better than a bucket of water and snow. Though by no means an ideal procedure a red wine may similarly be brought from the cellar to the dining room and opened twenty minutes or so before serving time. <SEP> It may be a bit cold when poured but again as one will have observed at any restaurant worth its salt wine should be served in a large tulip-shaped glass which is never filled more than half full. In this way red wine warms of itself quite rapidly -- and though it is true that it may not attain its potential of taste and fragrance until after the middle of the meal -LRB- or the course -RRB- in the meantime it will have run the gamut of many beguiling and interesting stages. <SEP> The only cardinal sin which may be committed in warming a wine is to force it by putting it next to the stove or in front of an open fire. This invariably effaces any wines character and drives its fragrance underground. <SEP> It should not be forgotten that wines mature fastest in half-bottles less fast in full bottles slowly in Magnums -- and slower yet in Tregnums double Magnums Jeroboams Methuselahs and Imperiales respectively. Very old red wines often require several hours of aeration and any red wine brought from the cellar within half an hour of mealtime should be uncorked and allowed some air. But white wines never <SEP> White wines should be opened when served having been previously chilled in proportion to their sweetness. Thus Sauternes or Barsacs should be very cold a Pouilly-Fuisse or a Chablis somewhat less cold. <SEP> Over-chilling is an accepted method for covering up the faults of many a cheap or poor white wine especially a dry wine -- and certainly less of a crime than serving a wine at a temperature which reveals it as unattractive. The fragrance and taste of any white wine will die a lingering death when it is allowed to warm or is exposed for long to the air. <SEP> To quote Professor Saintsbury : The last glass of claret or Burgundy is as good as the first but the first glass of Chateau dYquem or Montrachet is a great deal better than the last This does not mean though that a red wine improves with prolonged aeration : there is a reasonable limit -- and wines kept over to the next meal or the next day after they have once been opened are never as good. <SEP> If this must be done they should always be corked and kept in a cool place it should be remembered that their lasting qualities are appreciably shorter than those of milk. A few red wines notably those of the Beaujolais are better consumed at cellar temperature. <SEP> By tradition a red wine should be served at approximately room temperature -- if anything a little cooler -- and be aged enough for the tannin and acids to have worked out and the sediment have settled well. Thus red wine must if possible never be disturbed or shaken very old red wine is often decanted so that the puckering bitter elements which have settled to the bottom will not be mingled with the wine itself. <SEP> A tug-of-war between an old bottle and an inefficient corkscrew may do as much harm as a week at sea. The cork should be pulled gradually and smoothly and the lip of the bottle wiped afterward. <SEP> Many people use wicker cradles for old red wine lifting the bottle carefully from the bin into the cradle and eventually to the table without disturbing the sediment. Another school frowns on such a shortcut and insists that after leaving the bin an old red wine should first stand on end for several days to allow the sediment to roll to the very bottom after which the bottle may be gently eased to a tilted position on its side in the cradle. <SEP> In France when one wishes to entertain at a restaurant and serve truly fine old red wines one visits the restaurant well ahead of time chooses the wines and with the advice of the manager and his chef builds the menu around them. The wine waiter will see to it that the bottles are taken from the bin and opened at least in time to warm and aerate preferably allowed to stand on end for as long as possible and perhaps in the case of very old wines be decanted. <SEP> Decanting old wine aerates it fully it may also be -- practically speaking -- a matter of good economy. For in the process of decanting the bottle is only tilted once instead of several or more times at the table : hence a minimum of the undesirable mixture of wine and dregs. Though there are many exceptions which we have noted in preceding pages white wine is as a rule best consumed between two and six years old and red wines nowadays between three and ten. <SEP> Red wines of good years tend to mature later and to keep longer the average claret is notably longer-lived than its opposite number red Burgundy. Some clarets do not come into their own until they are ten or fifteen years of age or even more. <SEP> If a red Bordeaux of a good name and year is bitter or acid or cloying and muddy-tasting leave it alone for a while. Most of the wines of Beaujolais on the other hand should be drunk while very young and Alsatians may be.
cn20.txt:Were west of the Sabine but only God knew where. <SEP> For three days their stolid oxen had plodded up a blazing valley as flat and featureless as a dead sea. Molten glare singed their eyelids an angry crimson suffocating air sapped their strength and strained their nerves to snapping dust choked their throats and lay like acid in their lungs. <SEP> The valley stretched endlessly out ahead scorched and baked and writhing in its heat until it vanished into the throbbing wall of fiery orange brown haze. Ben Prime extended his high-stepped stride until he could lay his goad across the noses of the oxen. <SEP> Hoa-whup He commanded from his raw throat and felt the pain of movement in his cracked black burned lips. He removed his hat to let the trapped sweat cut rivulets through the dust film upon his gaunt face. <SEP> He spat. The dust-thick saliva came from his mouth like balled cotton. <SEP> He moved back to the wheel and stood there blowing grasping the top of a spoke to still the trembling of his played-out limbs. The burning air dried his sweat-soaked clothes in salt-edged patches. <SEP> He cleared his throat and wet his lips. As cheerfully as possible he said Well I guess we could all do with a little drink. <SEP> He unlashed the dipper and drew water from a barrel. They could no longer afford the luxury of the canvas sweat bag that cooled it by evaporation. <SEP> The water was warm and stale and had a brackish taste. It was water. <SEP> Thank the Lord they still had water He cleansed his mouth with a small quantity. <SEP> He took a long but carefully controlled draught. He replenished the dipper and handed it to his young wife riding the hurricane deck. <SEP> She took it grudgingly her dark eyes baleful as they met his. She drank and pushed back her gingham bonnet to wet a kerchief and wipe her face. <SEP> She set the dipper on the edge of the deck leaving it for him to stretch after it while she looked on scornfully. What happens when theres no more water She asked smolderingly. She was like charcoal he thought -- dark opaque explosive. <SEP> Her thick hair was the color and texture of charcoal. Her temper sparked like charcoal when it first lights up. <SEP> All the time she had the heat of hatred in her like charcoal that is burning on its under side but not visibly. A ripple ran through the muscles of his jaws but he kept control upon his voice. <SEP> There must be some water under there. He tilted his homely face toward the dry bed of the river. <SEP> We can get it if we dig he said patiently. And add fever to our troubles She scoffed. <SEP> You want to see if I can stand fever too We can boil it he said. <SEP> Her chin sharpened. Were lost and burning up already she bit out tensely. <SEP> The tires are rattling on the wheels now. Theyll roll off in another day. <SEP> There was no valley like this on your map. You dont even know where were headed. <SEP> Hettie he said as gently as he could were still headed west. Somewhere well hit a trail. <SEP> Somewhere She repeated. Maybe in time to make a cross and dig our graves. His wide mouth compressed. <SEP> In a way he couldnt blame her. He had picked out this pathless trail instead of the common one in a moment of romantic fancy to give them privacy on their honeymoon. <SEP> It had been a mistake but anything would have been a mistake as it turned out. It wasnt the roughness and crudity and discomfort of the trip that had frightened her. <SEP> She had hated the whole idea before they started. Actually she had hated him before she ever saw him. <SEP> It had been five days too late before he learned that shed gone through the wedding ceremony in a semitrance of laudanum administered by her mother. The bitterness of their wedding night still ripped within him like an open wound. <SEP> She had jumped away from his shy touch like a cat confronted by a sidewinder. He had left her inviolate thinking familiarity would gentle her in time. <SEP> Each mile westward she had hated him the deeper. He stared at the dipper turning it over and over in his wide calloused hands. <SEP> I suppose he muttered I can sell the outfit for enough to send you home to your folks once we find a settlement. Dont try to be noble <SEP> Her laugh was hard. They wouldnt have sold me in the first place if thered been food enough to go around. <SEP> He winced. Hettie they didnt sell you he said miserably. <SEP> They knew I was a good sharecrop farmer back in Carolina but out West was a chance to build a real farm of our own. They thought it would be a chance for you to make a life out where nobody will be thought any better than the next except for just whats inside of them. <SEP> Without money or property what would you have had at Baton Rouge I might have starved but at least I wouldnt be fried to a crisp and soaked with dirt <SEP> He darkened under his heavy burn. His blue eyes sought the shimmering sea of haze ahead. <SEP> To his puzzlement there suddenly was no haze. The valley lay clear and open to the eye right up to the sharp-limbed line of gaunt scoured hills that formed the horizon twenty miles ahead. <SEP> Then he noticed the clouds racing upon them -- heavy ominous leaden clouds that formed even as they sliced over the crests of the surrounding hills. He had never seen clouds like them before but he had the primitive feel of danger that gripped a man before a hurricane in Carolina. <SEP> He hollered hoarsely Hang on And goaded the oxen as he yelled. He wanted to turn them putting the wagon against the storm. <SEP> Too late he realized that in turning he had wheeled them onto a patch of sandy ground instead of atop a grade or ridge. He swung up over the wheel. <SEP> You had better get inside he warned her. She sat on in stubborn silence. <SEP> The clouds bulged downward and burst suddenly into a great black funnel. Frozen they stared at it whirling down the valley gouging and spitting out boulders and chunks of earth like a starving hound dog cracking marrowbones. <SEP> The six-ton Conestoga began to whip and shake. Their world turned black. <SEP> It was filled with dust and wind and sound and violence. The heavens opened pelting them with hail the size of walnuts. <SEP> And then came the water -- not rain but solid sheets that sluiced down like water slopping from a bucket. Walls of water rushed down the slopes and filled the hollows like the crests of flash floods. <SEP> Through the splash of the rising waters they could hear the roar of the river as it raged through its canyon gnashing big chunks out of the banks. The jetting frothing surface of the river reached the level of the runoff. <SEP> The dangerous current upon the prairie ceased but the water stood and kept on rising. They cringed under sodden covers listening to the waves slop against the bottom. <SEP> The cloudburst cut off abruptly. They were engulfed by the weird silence broken only by the low angry murmur of the river. <SEP> Then the darkness thinned and there was light again and then bright sunlight. Beaten with fear and sound and wet and chill they crawled to the hurricane deck and looked out haggardly at a world of water that reached clear to the surrounding hills. <SEP> The water level was higher than their hubs. Only the heavy bones of the oxen kept them anchored. <SEP> There was no real sign of the river now just a roiling oily ribbon of liquid movement through muddy waters that reached everywhere. Clumps of brush rode down the ribbon. <SEP> Now and then the glistening side of a half-swamped object showed as it swept past. The girl crawled out into the renewing warmth of the sunshine hugging her shoulders and still trembling. <SEP> Her face was pale but set and her dark eyes smoldered with blame for Ben. Out of compulsion to say something cheery Ben Prime blurted Well we were lucky to be on soft ground when the first floodheads hit. <SEP> At least the wheels dug in. The soaking will put life back in the wagon too. <SEP> His wife didnt give a sign shed heard. She was watching a tree ride wildly down that roiling current. <SEP> Somebody was riding the tree. It raced closer and they could see a woman with white hair sitting astride an upright branch. <SEP> She did not call out. As the tree passed she lifted an arm in gesture of better luck and farewell. <SEP> They watched the tree until it twisted sharply on a bend. It speared up into the air then sinking back the up-jutting branch turned slowly. <SEP> The pale blob of the woman disappeared. Theres the one whos lucky The girl murmured harshly. <SEP> Bens eyes strained with the bitter hurt his homely face slashed with gray and crimson. Then he took off his wet boots and dropped down into the water to talk with the beasts needing their comfort more than they needed his. <SEP> It was nearly sundown and he went to the back of the wagon half-swimming his way for he was not a tall man. He let down the tailgate and was knocked over by the sluice of water. <SEP> He sputtered back to his feet and scrambled madly to pull his bags of seed grain forward. They were already swollen to bursting. <SEP> Of all their worldly belongings next to the oxen and his gun the seed grain had been the most treasured. It was spoiled now for seed and it would sour and mold in three days if they failed to find a place and fuel to dry it. <SEP> The oxen might as well enjoy it. He examined the water marks on the iron tires when the animals were finished. <SEP> The waters lay muddy but placid without a ripple of movement against the wheels there was not a match-width of damp mark to show they were receding. He doubted if a man could wade as far as the desolate dry hills that rimmed the valley. <SEP> A terrible numbing sense of futility swept over him. He gripped the wheel hard to fight the despondency of defeat. <SEP> Then he noticed that the dry wood of the wheels had swollen. The spokes were tight again the iron tires gripped onto the wheels as if of one piece. <SEP> Hope surged within him. He swung toward the front to give the news to Hettie then stopped barred from her by the vehemence of her blame and hate. <SEP> Still he felt better. A tight wagon meant so much. <SEP> He got a small fire started and put on bacon and coffee. He poured the water off the sourdough and off the flour salvaging the chunky watery messes for biscuits of a sort. <SEP> Their jams and jellies had not suffered. He found a jar of preserved tomatoes and one of eggs that they had meant to save. <SEP> Now he broke them open hoping a good meal might lessen this depression crushing Hettie. His long nose wiggled at the smells of frizzling bacon and heating java but the fire was low and he wanted to waste no time. <SEP> He furled the slashed sides of the canvas tarpaulins leaving the ribs and wagon open. He looked thoughtfully at his wifes trunk holding her meager treasures. <SEP> He said hesitantly Hettie I dont figure your things got wet too much. Thats a good trunk. <SEP> You want to get them aired She said without turning her head After that rain beating in atop the dust there isnt a thing that wont be streaked. <SEP> He drew a long breath and opened the trunk and hung out her clothes and spoilables upon the wagon ribs.
ck05.txt:Dismounted in Madison Place and handed the reins to Herold. <SEP> There was a fog which increased the darkness of the night. Two gas lamps were no more than a misleading glow. <SEP> He might have been anywhere or nowhere. The pretence was that he was delivering a prescription from Dr. Verdi. <SEP> Secretary of State Seward was a sick man. The idea had come from Herold who had once been a chemists clerk. <SEP> The sick were always receiving medicines. No one would question such an errand. <SEP> The bottle was filled up with flour. Before Payne loomed the Old Clubhouse Sewards home where Key had once been killed. <SEP> Now it would have another death. From the outside it was an ordinary enough house of the gentry. <SEP> He clomped heavily up the stoop and rang the bell. Like the bell at Mass the doorbell was pitched too high. <SEP> It was still Good Friday after all. A nigger boy opened the door. <SEP> Payne did not notice him. He was thinking chiefly of Cap. <SEP> If their schedules were to synchronize there was no point in wasting time. He pushed his way inside. <SEP> For a moment the hall confused him. This was the largest house he had ever been in almost the largest building except for a hotel. <SEP> He had no idea where Sewards room would be. In the half darkness the banisters gleamed and the hall seemed enormous. <SEP> Above him somewhere were the bedrooms. Seward would be up there. <SEP> He explained his errand but without bothering much to make it plausible for he felt something well up in him which was the reason why he had fled the army. He did not really want to kill but as in the sexual act there was a moment when the impulse took over and could not be downed even while you watched yourself giving way to it. <SEP> He was no longer worried. Everything would be all right. <SEP> He knew that in this mood he could not be stopped. Still the sensation always surprised him. <SEP> It was a thrill he felt no part in. He could only watch with a sort of gentle dismay while his body did these quick appalling and efficient things. <SEP> He brushed by the idiotic boy and lumbered heavily up the stairs. They were carpeted but made for pumps and congress gaiters not the great clodhoppers he wore. <SEP> The sound of his footsteps was like a muffled drum. At the top of the stairs he ran into somebody standing there angrily in a dressing gown. <SEP> He stopped and whispered his errand. Young Frederick Seward held out his hand. <SEP> Panting a little Payne shook his head. Dr. Verdi had told him to deliver his package in person. <SEP> Frederick Seward said his father was sleeping and then went through a pantomime at his fathers door to prove the statement. Very well Payne said. <SEP> I will go. He smiled but now that he knew where the elder Seward was he did not intend to go. <SEP> He pulled out his pistol and fired it. It made no sound. <SEP> It had misfired. Reversing it he smashed the butt down on Frederick Sewards head over and over again. <SEP> It was the first blow that was always difficult. After that violence was exultantly easy. <SEP> He got caught up into it and became a different person. Only afterwards did an act like that become meaningless so that he would puzzle over it for days whereas at the time it had seemed quite real. <SEP> The nigger boy fled down the stairs screaming Murder. It was not murder at all. <SEP> Payne was more methodical than that. He was merely clearing a way to what he had to do. <SEP> He ran for the sick room found his pistol was broken and threw it away. A knife would do. <SEP> From childhood he had known all about knives. Someone blocked the door from inside. <SEP> He smashed it in and tumbled into darkness. He saw only dimly moving figures but when he slashed them they yelled and fled. <SEP> He went for the bed jumped on it and struck where he could repeatedly. It was like finally getting into ones own nightmares to punish ones dreams. <SEP> Two men pulled him off. Nobody said anything. <SEP> Payne hacked at their arms. There was a lady there in a nightdress. <SEP> He would not have wanted to hurt a lady. Another man approached this one fully dressed. <SEP> When the knife went into his chest he went down at once. Im mad shouted Payne as he ran out into the hall. <SEP> Im mad and only wished he had been. That would have made things so much easier. <SEP> He was not mad. He was only dreaming. <SEP> He clattered down the stairs and out of the door. Somewhere in the fog the nigger boy was still yelling murder. <SEP> One always wakes up even from ones own dreams. The clammy air revived him. <SEP> Herold he saw had fled. Well one did not expect much of people like Herold. <SEP> He unhitched his horse walked it away mounted and spurred it on. The nigger boy was close behind him. <SEP> Then the nigger boy turned back and he was alone. He rode on and on. <SEP> He had no idea where he was. After some time he came to an open field. <SEP> An open field was better than a building that was for sure so he dismounted turned off the horse and plunged through the grass. He felt curiously sleepy the world seemed far away he knew he should get to Cap but he didnt know how. <SEP> He was sure for he had done as he was told hadnt he Cap would find him and take care of him. <SEP> So choosing a good tree he clambered up into it found a comfortable notch and curled up in it to sleep like the tousled bear he was with his hands across his chest as though surfeited with honey. Violence always made him tired but he was not frightened. <SEP> In Boston Edwin Booth was winding up a performance of A New Way To Pay Old Debts. It was a part so familiar to him that he did not bother to think about it any more. <SEP> Acting soothed him. On a stage he always knew what to do and tonight to judge by the applause he must be doing it better than usual. <SEP> As Sir Giles Overreach -LRB- how often had he had to play that part who did not believe a word of it -RRB- he raised his arm and declaimed : Where is my honour now That was one of the high spots of the play. <SEP> The audience as usual loved it. He was delighted to see them so happy. <SEP> If he had any worries it was only the small ones about Mother in New York and his daughter Edwina and what she might be doing at this hour with her Aunt Asia in Philadelphia. Everyone is ambivalent about his profession if he has practised it long enough but there were still moments when he loved the stage and all those unseen people out there who might cheer you or boo you but that was largely though not entirely up to you. <SEP> They made the world seem friendly somehow though he knew it was not. Wilkes was quite right about one thing. <SEP> Laura Keene had been in the green room. The commotion had brought her into the wings. <SEP> Since she could not act one part suited her as well as any other and so she was the first person to offer Mr. Lincoln a glass of water holding it up to the box high above her head to Miss Harris who had asked for it. She had been one of the first to collect her wits. <SEP> It was not so much that the shot had stunned the audience as that they had been stunned already. Most of them had seen Our American Cousin before and unless Miss Keene was on stage there was not much to it. <SEP> The theatre was hot and they were drugged with boredom. The stage had been empty except for Harry Hawk doing his star monologue. <SEP> The audience was fond of Harry Hawk he was a dear in or out of character but he was not particularly funny. At the end of the monologue the audience would applaud. <SEP> Meanwhile it looked at the scenery. Well I guess I know enough to turn you inside out you sockdologizing old mantrap <SEP> Said Trenchard otherwise Hawk. There was always a pause here before the next line. <SEP> That was when the gun went off. Even that explosion did not mean much. <SEP> Guns were going off all over Washington City these days because of the celebrations and the theatre was not soundproof. Then the audience saw a small dim figure appear at the edge of the Presidential box. <SEP> Sic semper tyrannis it said mildly. Booth had delivered his line. <SEP> Behind him billowed a small pungent cloud of smoke. They strained forward. <SEP> They had not heard what had been said. They had been sitting too long to be able to stand up easily. <SEP> The figure leapt from the box almost lost its balance the flag draped there tore in the air the figure landed on its left leg fell on its hands and pressed itself up. Harry Hawk still had his arm raised towards the wings. <SEP> His speech faltered. He did not lower his arm. <SEP> The figure was so theatrically dressed that it was as though a character from some other play had blundered into this one. The play for Saturday night was to be a benefit performance of The Octoroon. <SEP> This figure looked like the slave dealer from that. It also looked like a toad hopping away from the light. <SEP> There was something maimed and crazy about its motion that disturbed them. Then it disappeared into the wings. <SEP> Harry Hawk had not shifted position but he at last lowered his arm. Mrs. Lincoln screamed. <SEP> There was no mistaking that scream. It was what anyone who had ever seen her had always expected her to do. <SEP> This scream had a different note in it. That absence of an urgent self-indulgence dashed them awake like a pail of water. <SEP> Clara Harris one of the guests in the box stood up and demanded water. Her action was involuntary. <SEP> When something unexpected happened one always asked for water if one were a woman brandy if one were a man. Mrs. Lincoln screamed again. <SEP> In the Presidential box someone leaned over the balustrade and yelled : He has shot the President That got everybody up. <SEP> On the stage Harry Hawk began to weep. Laura Keene brushed by him with the glass of water. <SEP> The crowd began to move. In Washington City everyone lived in a bubble of plots and one death might attract another. <SEP> It was not exactly panic they gave way to but they could not just sit there. The beehive voices for no one could bear silence drowned out the sound of Mrs. Lincolns weeping. <SEP> At the rear of the auditorium upstairs some men tried to push open the door to the box corridor. It would not give. <SEP> A Dr. Charles Taft clambered up on the stage and got the actors to hoist him up to the box. In the audience a man named Ferguson lost his head and tried to rescue a little girl from the mob on the same principle which had led Miss Harris to demand water. <SEP> Someone opened the corridor door from the inside and called for a doctor. Somehow Dr. Charles Leale was forced through the mob and squeezed out into the dingy corridor. <SEP> He went straight to the Presidential box. As usual Mrs. Lincoln had lost her head but nobody blamed her for doing so now. <SEP> There was a little blood on the hem of her dress for the assassin had slashed Miss Harriss companion Major Rathbone with a knife. Rathbone said he was bleeding to death. <SEP> By the look of him he wasnt that far gone.
cp21.txt:Letters had arrived for Miss Theresa Stubblefield : she put them in her bag. <SEP> She would not stop to read them in American Express as many were doing sitting on benches or leaning against the walls but pushed her way out into the street. This was her first day in Rome and it was June. <SEP> An enormous sky of the most delicate blue arched overhead. In her minds eye -- her imagination responding fully almost exhaustingly to these shores peculiar powers of stimulation -- she saw the city as from above telescoped on its great bare plains that the ruins marked aqueducts and tombs here a cypress there a pine and all around the low blue hills. <SEP> Pictures in old Latin books returned to her : the Appian Way Today the Colosseum the Arch of Constantine. She would see them looking just as they had in the books and this would make up a part of her delight. <SEP> Moreover nursing various Stubblefields -- her aunt then her mother then her father -- through their lengthy illnesses -LRB- everybody could tell you the Stubblefields were always sick -RRB- Theresa had had a chance to read quite a lot. England France Germany Switzerland and Italy had all been rendered for her time and again and between the prescribed hours of pills and tonics she had conceived a dreamy passion by lamplight to see all these places with her own eyes. <SEP> The very night after her fathers funeral she had thought though never admitted to a soul : Now I can go. Theres nothing to stop me now. <SEP> So here it was here was Italy anyway and terribly noisy. In the street the traffic was really frightening. <SEP> Cars taxis buses and motorscooters all went plunging at once down the narrow length of it or swerving perilously around a fountain. Shoals of tourists went by her in national groups -- English school girls in blue uniforms German boys with cameras attached smartly dressed Americans looking in shop windows. <SEP> Glad to be alone Theresa climbed the splendid outdoor staircase that opened to her left. The Spanish Steps. Something special was going on here just now -- the annual display of azalea plants. <SEP> She had heard about it the night before at her hotel. It was not yet complete : workmen were unloading the potted plants from a truck and placing them in banked rows on the steps above. <SEP> The azaleas were as large as shrubs and their myriad blooms many still tight in the bud ranged in color from purple through fuchsia and rose to the palest pink along with many white ones too. Marvelous thought Theresa climbing in her portly well-bred way for she was someone who had learned that if you only move slowly enough you have time to notice everything. <SEP> In Rome all over Europe she intended to move very slowly indeed. Halfway up the staircase she stopped and sat down. <SEP> Other people were doing it too sitting all along the wide banisters and leaning over the parapets above watching the azaleas mass or just enjoying the sun. Theresa sat with her letters in her lap breathing Mediterranean air. <SEP> The sun warmed her as it seemed to be warming everything perhaps even the underside of stones or the chill insides of churches. She loosened her tweed jacket and smoked a cigarette. Content excited how could you be both at once Strange but she was. <SEP> Presently she picked up the first of the letters. A few moments later her hands were trembling and her brow had contracted with anxiety and dismay. <SEP> Of course one of them would have to go and do this Poor Cousin Elec she thought tears rising to sting in the sun but why couldnt he have arranged to live through the summer <SEP> how on earth did I ever get this letter anyway She had reason indeed to wonder how the letter had managed to find her. <SEP> Her Cousin Emma Carraway had written it in her loose high old ladys script -- ts carefully crossed but ls inclined to wobble like an old car on the downward slope. Cousin Emma had simply put Miss Theresa Stubblefield Rome Italy on the envelope had walked up to the post office in Tuxapoka Alabama and mailed it with as much confidence as if it had been a birthday card to her next-door neighbor. No return address whatsoever. <SEP> Somebody had scrawled American Express Piazza di Spagna across the envelope and now Theresa had it all as easily as if she had been the President of the Republic or the Pope. Inside were all the things they thought she ought to know concerning the last illness death and burial of Cousin Alexander Carraway. <SEP> Cousin Emma and Cousin Elec brother and sister -- unmarried devoted aging -- had lived next door to the Stubblefields in Tuxapoka from time immemorial until the Stubblefields had moved to Montgomery fifteen years ago. Two days before he was taken sick Cousin Elec was out worrying about what too much rain might do to his sweetpeas and Cousin Elec had always preserved in the top drawer of his secretary a mother-of-pearl paper knife which Theresa had coveted as a child and which he had promised she could have when he died. <SEP> Im supposed to care as much now as then as much here as there she realized with a sigh. This letter would have got to me if she hadnt even put Rome Italy on it. <SEP> She refolded the letter replaced it in its envelope and turned with relief to one from her brother George. Alas George when he had written had only just returned from going to Tuxapoka to Cousin Elecs funeral. <SEP> He was full of heavy family reminiscence. All the fine old stock was dying out look at the world today. <SEP> His own children had suffered from the weakening of those values which he and Theresa had always taken for granted and as for his grandchildren -LRB- he had one so far still in diapers -RRB- he shuddered to think that the true meaning of character might never dawn on them at all. A life of gentility and principle such as Cousin Elec had lived had to be known at first hand. Poor George The only boy the family darling. Together with her mother both of them tense with worry lest things should somehow go wrong. <SEP> Theresa had seen him through the right college into the right fraternity and though pursued by various girls and various mammas of girls safely married to the right sort however much in the early years of that match his wife Anne had not seemed to understand poor George. It just be Theresa wondered that Anne had understood only too well and that George all along was extraordinary only in the degree to which he was dull <SEP> As for Cousin Alexander Carraway the only thing Theresa could remember at the moment about him -LRB- except his paper knife -RRB- was that he had had exceptionally long hands and feet and one night about one oclock in the morning the whole Stubblefield family had been aroused to go next door at Cousin Emmas call -- first Papa then Mother then Theresa and George. There they all did their uttermost to help Cousin Elec get a cramp out of his foot. <SEP> He had hobbled downstairs into the parlor in his agony and was sitting wrapped in his bathrobe on a footstool. He held his long clenched foot in both hands and this and his contorted face -- he was trying heroically not to cry out -- made him look like a large skinny old monkey. <SEP> They all surrounded him the family circle Theresa and George as solemn as if they were watching the cat have kittens and Cousin Emma running back and forth with a kettle of hot water which she poured steaming into a white enamelled pan. Can you think of anything to do She kept repeating. <SEP> I hate to call the doctor but if this keeps up Ill just have to you think of anything to do <SEP> You might treat it like the hiccups said Papa. Drop a cold key down his back. I just hope this happens to you someday said Cousin Elec who was not at his best. <SEP> Poor Cousin Elec George said. He was younger than Theresa : she remembered looking down and seeing his great round eyes while at the same time she was dimly aware that her mother and father were not unamused. Poor Cousin Elec. <SEP> Now here they both were still the same George full of round-eyed woe and Cousin Emma in despair. Theresa shifted to a new page. <SEP> Of course -LRB- Georges letter continued -RRB- there are practical problems to be considered. Cousin Emma is alone in that big old house and wont hear to parting from it. <SEP> Robbie and Beryl tried their best to persuade her to come and stay with them and Anne and I have told her shes more than welcome here but I think she feels that she might be an imposition especially as long as our Rosie is still in high school. The other possibility is to make arrangements for her to let out one or two of the rooms to some teacher of good family or one of those solitary old ladies that Tuxapoka is populated with -- Miss Edna Whittaker for example. <SEP> There is more in this than meets the eye. A new bathroom would certainly have to be put in. <SEP> The wallpaper in the back bedroom is literally crumbling off. -LRB- Theresa skipped a page of details about the house. -RRB- <SEP> I hope if you have any ideas along these lines you will write me about them. I may settle on some makeshift arrangements for the summer and wait until you return in the fall so we can work out together the best. <SEP> I really shouldnt have smoked a cigarette so early in the day thought Theresa it always makes me sick. Ill start sneezing in a minute sitting on these cold steps. <SEP> She got up standing uncertainly for a moment then moving aside to let go past her talking a group of young men. They wore shoes with pointed toes odd to American eyes and narrow trousers and their hair looked unnaturally black and slick. <SEP> Here they were obviously thought to be handsome and felt themselves to be so. Just then a man approached her with a tray of cheap cameos Parker fountain pens rosaries papal portraits. <SEP> No said Theresa. No no She said. <SEP> The man did not wish to leave. He knew how to spread himself against the borders of the space that had to separate them. <SEP> Carrozza rides in the park the Colosseum by moonlight he specialized. Theresa turned away to escape and climbed to a higher landing where the steps divided in two. <SEP> There she walked to the far left and leaned on a vacant section of banister while the vendor picked himself another well-dressed American lady carrying a camera and a handsome alligator bag ascending the steps alone. Was he ever successful Theresa wondered. <SEP> The lady with the alligator bag registered interest doubt then indignation at last alarm. She cast about as though looking for a policeman : this really shouldnt be allowed <SEP> Finally she scurried away up the steps. Theresa Stubblefield still holding the family letters in one hand realized that her whole trip to Europe was viewed in family circles as an interlude between Cousin Elecs death and doing something about Cousin Emma. <SEP> They were even Anne and George probably thinking themselves very considerate in not hinting that she really should cut out one or two countries and come home in August to get Cousin Emmas house ready before the teachers came to Tuxapoka in September. Of course it wasnt Anne and Georges fault that one family crisis seemed to follow another and werent they always emphasizing that they really didnt know what they would do without Theresa <SEP> The trouble is Theresa thought that while everything that happens there is supposed to matter supremely nothing here is supposed even to exist. They would not care if all of Europe were to sink into the ocean tomorrow. <SEP> It never registered with them that I had time to read all of Balzac Dickens and Stendhal while Papa was dying not to mention everything in the city library after Mothers operation. It would have been exactly the same to them if I had read through all twenty-six volumes of Elsie Dinsmore. <SEP> She arranged the letters carefully one on top of the other. Then with a motion so suddenly violent that she amazed herself she tore them in two. Signora <SEP> She became aware that two Italian workmen carrying a large azalea pot were standing before her and wanted her to move so that they could begin arranging a new row of the display. Signora ma insomma. <SEP> Oh put it there She indicated a spot a little distance away.
cf08.txt:Tradition and in poetry the marriage bed is a place of unity and harmony. <SEP> The partners each bring to it unselfish love and each takes away an equal share of pleasure and joy. At its most ecstatic moments husband and wife are elevated far above worldly cares. <SEP> Everything else is closed away. This is the ideal. <SEP> Marriage experts say that such mutual contribution and mutual joy are seldom achieved. Instead one partner or the other dominates the sexual relationship. <SEP> In the past it has been the husband who has been dominant and the wife passive. Today there are signs that these roles are being reversed. <SEP> In a growing number of American homes marriage counselors report the wife is taking a commanding role in sexual relationships. It is she who decides the time the place the surroundings and the frequency of the sexual act. <SEP> It is she who says aye or nay to the intimate questions of sexual technique and mechanics -- not the husband. The whole act is tailored to her pleasure and not to theirs. <SEP> Beyond a certain point of course no woman can be dominant -- nature has seen to that. There is little doubt that in many marriages the wife is boss of the marital bed. <SEP> Of course there remain many old-fashioned marriages in which the husband maintains his supremacy. Yet even in these marriages psychologists say wives are asserting themselves more strongly. <SEP> The meekest most submissive wife of today is a tiger by her mothers or grandmothers standards. To many experts this trend was inevitable. <SEP> They consider it simply a sign of our times. Our society has emancipated the woman giving her new independence and new authority. <SEP> It is only natural that she assert herself in the sexual role. The sexual relationship does not exist in a vacuum declares Dr. Mary Steichen Calderone medical director of the Planned Parenthood Federation of America and author of the recent book Release From Sexual Tensions. <SEP> It reflects what is going on in other areas of the marriage and in society itself. A world in which wives have taken a more active role is likely to produce sexual relationships in which wives are more self-assertive too. <SEP> Yet many psychologists and marriage counselors agree that domination of the sex relationship by one partner or the other can be unhealthy and even dangerous. It can in fact wreck a marriage. <SEP> When a husband is sexually selfish and heedless of his wifes desires she is cheated of the fulfillment and pleasure nature intended for her. She begins to regard him as savage bestial and unworthy. <SEP> On the other hand wifely supremacy demeans the husband saps his self-respect and robs him of his masculinity. He is a target of ridicule to his wife and often -- since private affairs rarely remain private -- to the outside world as well. <SEP> A marriage can survive almost any kind of stress except an open and direct challenge to the husbands maleness declares Dr. Calderone. This opinion is supported by one of the nations leading psychiatrists Dr. Maurice E. Linden director of the Mental Health Division of the Philadelphia Department of Public Health. <SEP> When the roles of husband and wife are reversed so that the wife becomes leader and the husband follower Dr. Linden says the effects on their whole relationship sexual and otherwise can be disastrous. In one extreme case cited by a Pittsburgh psychologist an office workers wife refused to have sexual relations with her husband unless he bought her the luxuries she demanded. <SEP> To win her favors her husband first took an additional job then desperately began to embezzle from his employer. Caught at last he was sentenced to prison. <SEP> While he was in custody his wife divorced him. More typical is the case of a suburban Long Island housewife described by a marriage counselor. <SEP> This woman repeatedly complained she was too tired for marital relations. To please her her husband assumed some of the domestic chores. <SEP> Finally he was cooking washing dishes bathing the children and even ironing -- and still his wife refused to have relations as often as he desired them. One wife described by a New York psychologist so dominated her husband that she actually placed their sexual relationship on a schedule writing it down right between the weekly PTA meetings and the Thursday-night neighborhood card parties. <SEP> Another put sex on a dollars-and-cents basis. After every money argument she rebuffed her husbands overtures until the matter was settled in her favor. <SEP> Experts say the partners in marriages like these can almost be typed. The wife is likely to be young sophisticated smart as a whip -- often a girl who has sacrificed a promising career for marriage. <SEP> She knows the power of the sex urge and how to use it to manipulate her husband. The husband is usually a well-educated professional preoccupied with his job -- often an organization man whose motto for getting ahead is : Dont rock the boat. <SEP> Sometimes this leads to his becoming demandingly dominant in marriage. Hemmed in on the job and unable to assert himself he uses the sex act so he can be supreme in at least one area. <SEP> More often though he is so accustomed to submitting to authority on the job without argument that he lives by the same rule at home. Some psychologists in fact suggest that career-bound husbands often are more to blame for topsy-turvy marriages than their wives. <SEP> The wifes attempt at control these psychologists contend is sometimes merely a pathetic effort to compel her husband to pay as much attention to her as he does to his job. Naturally no woman can ever completely monopolize the sexual initiative. <SEP> Unless her husband also desires sex the act can not be consummated. Generally however in such marriages as those cited the husband is at his wifes mercy. <SEP> The pattern says Dr. Morton Schillinger psychologist at New Yorks Lincoln Institute for Psychotherapy is for the husband to hover about anxiously and eagerly virtually trembling in his hope that she will flash him the signal that tonight is the night. No one seriously contends of course that the domineering wife is sexually speaking a new character in our world. <SEP> After all the henpecked husband with his shrewish wife is a comic figure of long standing in literature and on the stage as Dr. Schillinger points out. There is no evidence that these Milquetoasts became suddenly emboldened when they crossed the threshhold of the master bedroom. <SEP> Furthermore Dr. Calderone says a certain number of docile retiring men always have been around. They arent frigid and they arent homosexual theyre just restrained in all of life. <SEP> They like to be dominated. One such man once confided to Dr. Theodor Reik New York psychiatrist that he preferred to have his wife the sexual aggressor. <SEP> Asked why he replied primly : Because thats no activity for a gentleman. Such cases were in the past unusual. <SEP> Society here and abroad has been built around the dominating male -- even the Bible appears to endorse the concept. Family survival on our own Western frontier for example could quite literally depend on a mans strength and ability to bring home the bacon and the dependent wife seldom questioned his judgment about anything including the marriage bed. <SEP> This carried over into the more urbanized late th and early th centuries when the man ruled the roost in the best bull-roaring Life With Father manner. In those days a wife had mighty few rights in the domestic sphere and even fewer in the sexual sphere. <SEP> Grandma wasnt expected to like it Dr. Marion Hilliard the late Toronto gynecologist once summed up the attitude of thes. Wives of the period shamefacedly thought of themselves as used by their husbands -- and history indicates they often quite literally were. <SEP> When was the turning point When did women begin to assert themselves sexually <SEP> Some date it from woman suffrage others from when women first began to challenge men in the marketplace still others from the era of the emancipated flapper and bathtub gin. Virtually everyone agrees however that the trend toward female sexual aggressiveness was tremendously accelerated with the postwar rush to the suburbs. <SEP> Left alone while her husband was miles away in the city the modern wife assumed more and more duties normally reserved for the male. Circumstances gave her almost undisputed sway over child-rearing money-handling and home maintenance. <SEP> She found she could cope with all kinds of problems for which she was once considered too helpless. She liked this taste of authority and independence and with darkness was not likely to give it up. <SEP> Very few wives says Dr. Calderone who balance the checkbook fix the car choose where the family will live and deal with the tradesmen are suddenly going to become submissive where sex is concerned. A woman who dominates other family affairs will dominate the sexual relationship as well. <SEP> An additional factor was helping to make women more sexually self-assertive -- the comparatively recent discovery of the true depths of female desire and response. Marriage manuals and womens magazine articles began to stress the importance of the female climax. <SEP> They began to describe in detail the womans capacity for response. In fact the noted psychologist and sex researcher Dr. Albert Ellis has declared flatly that women are sexually superior to men. <SEP> According to Dr. Ellis the average -year-old American woman is capable of far greater sexual arousal than her partner. Not surprisingly Dr. Ellis says some recently enlightened wives are out to claim these capabilities. <SEP> Yet paradoxically according to Dr. Maurice Linden many wives despise their husbands for not standing up to them. An aggressive woman wants a man to demand not knuckle under. <SEP> When the husband becomes passive in the face of his wifes aggressiveness Dr. Linden says the wife in turn finds him inadequate. Often she fails to gain sexual satisfaction. <SEP> One such wife Dr. Linden says became disgusted with her weak husband and flurried through a series of extramarital affairs in the hope of finding a stronger man. Her personality was such that each affair lasted only until that lover too had been conquered and reduced to passivity. <SEP> Then the wife bed-hopped to the next on the list. In some cases however domination of the sex act by one partner can be temporary triggered by a passing but urgent emotional need. <SEP> Thus a man who is butting a stone wall at the office may become unusually aggressive in bed -- the one place he can still be champion. If his on-the-job problems work out he may return to his old pattern. <SEP> Sometimes a burst of aggressiveness will sweep over a man -- or his wife -- because he or she feels age creeping up. On the other hand a husband who always has been vigorous and assertive may suddenly become passive -- asking psychologists say for reassurance that his wife still finds him desirable. <SEP> A wife may make sudden demands that she be courted flattered or coaxed simply because she needs her ego lifted. In any case Dr. Calderone remarks such problems are a couples own affair and cant always be measured by a general yardstick. <SEP> As long as the couple is in agreement in their approach to sex it makes little difference if one or the other dominates Dr. Calderone declares. The important point is that both be satisfied with the adjustment. <SEP> Other experts say however that if sexual domination by one or the other partner exists for longer than a brief period it is likely to shake the marriage. Just as domination today often begins with the wife so the cure generally must lie with the husband. <SEP> To get a marriage back where it belongs comments Dr. Schillinger of the Lincoln Institute the husband must take some very basic steps. He must begin paradoxically by becoming more selfish. <SEP> He must become more expressive of his own desires more demanding and less understanding. Too many husbands Dr. Schillinger continues worry about how well theyre doing and fear that their success depends on some trick or technique of sexual play.
cn26.txt:Scraped back and customers hastily vacated their tables as the tall young buffalo hunter pushed open the swing doors and walked towards the bar. <SEP> Only Blue Throat and his gang stayed where they were. Blue Throat was slumped with his back against the bar elbows supporting his massive frame. <SEP> He leered at the stranger as the distance between them closed. Since when did they allow beardless kids into the saloon bars of this town boys He asked. <SEP> Seems to me I dont remember altering any law about that. He straightened up alert now as the buffalo hunter came closer. <SEP> Stay right here where you are kid he called. I dont aim to have minors breathing down my neck when Im a-drinking : The stranger ignored him. <SEP> He didnt stop till he was within three feet of Blue Throat and by that time the gang leaders right hand was on the butt of his revolver. Im Billy Tilghman said the stranger and Ive come for Pat Conyers body. <SEP> What makes you think youre going to get it pretty boy Im asking. <SEP> Most of the time I get what I ask for. Blue Throat winked at his six cronies. <SEP> The kid has no manners boys. We teach him some <SEP> His gun was half drawn when he asked the question but the weapon never left its holster. Tilghmans clenched fist swept over in a terrific right cross and clipped the big gunfighter on the side of his chin. <SEP> His head snapped round and he reeled back crashing into the table where his buddies were sprawling. Tilghman leapt on to him dragged him upright and hit him again this time sending him careening against the bar. <SEP> A bullet gouged into the bar top an inch from Tilghmans stomach as Blue Throats henchmen started shooting. Tilghman flung himself aside dropped on one knee and pulled his own gun. <SEP> The Colt roared twice and two men dropped writhing. A third shot doused the light. <SEP> Somewhere at the far end of the room a voice yelled You all right Billy Yes George but I aint got poor old Pats body yet. <SEP> I aim to have it. He fired again and somewhere in the gloom a man screamed. <SEP> Another took off his gun belt and flung his weapons to the floor. OK Tilghman Im quitting. <SEP> And me said another Blue Throat henchman. Somebody brought a light. <SEP> Tilghman and his partner George Rust herded the men into a corner. Now said Tilghman with deadly calm Ill repeat what I said. <SEP> Ive come for Pat Conyers body. In two minutes the body of Tilghmans former comrade who had been killed by Blue Throat in a gambling brawl the previous night was carried into the towns funeral parlor to be prepared for decent burial. <SEP> Blue Throat nursing an aching jaw and a collosal dose of wounded pride rode out of town with the survivors of the fight. That critter will be back tomorrow predicted George Rust and hell bring fifty of his kind back with him. <SEP> Blue Throat wont stand for this. Hell shoot up the town. <SEP> The prediction was correct. The Reverend James Doran had scarcely completed Pat Conyers last rites on Boot Hill in the township of Petrie when shots were heard in the distance. <SEP> Amen said the Reverend Doran grabbing his rifle propped up against a tombstone and now my brethren it would seem that our presence is required elsewhere. Billy Tilghman and his comrades rode off to the battle. <SEP> Blue Throat who had ruled the town with his six-shooter for the last six months certainly had no intention of relinquishing his profitable dictatorship. It was essential that he should restore his formidable reputation as a rip-roaring ruthless gun-slinger and this was the time-honored Wild West method of doing it. <SEP> He rode in at the head of sixty trigger-happy and liquor-crazed desperadoes and took over a livery barn at the entrance to Main Street. The entire length of the street could be raked with rifle fire from this barn. <SEP> Any posse riding down the street to demand Blue Throats surrender would be wiped out with one deadly burst of fire. The law-abiding citizens of Petrie had gathered inside Kasters Store halfway down the street. <SEP> Several were firing into the barn when Billy Tilghman arrived. He sized up the situation and shook his head. <SEP> If Blue Throat has his way hell keep us all cooped up in here for days he said. Theres only one thing to move him fast and we have it right here in this very store. <SEP> He called the store owner and together they went into the stockroom. Billy returned with six sticks of dynamite. <SEP> Im gon na drop these into Blue Throats lap he announced and Id like every gun to be firing into that barn while I get near enough to tossem through the window. He slipped outside hugging the walls of buildings and dodging into doorways. <SEP> Blue Throats men spotted him and a hail of bullets splintered the store fronts and board walk as he passed. Fifty yards away from the barn he dodged inside a barbers shop and came out at the back. <SEP> Here he couldnt be seen by Blue Throat and his gang. All he had to do was light the fuses of the dynamite sticks run to within ten yards of an open window in the barn and hurl the sticks through. <SEP> Billy Tilghman did just that. Within seconds the big barn was blasted into smoking splinters with every outlaw either dead or injured inside. <SEP> It was the abrupt end of Blue Throats dictatorship in Petrie. Though only slightly injured himself the big hoodlum never returned to those parts. <SEP> To Tilghman the incident was just one of a long list of hair-raising smash-em-down adventures on the side of the law which started in when he was only eighteen years old and did not end till fifty years later when he was shot dead after warning a drunk to be quiet. Of all the rip-roaring two-fisted tough boys of the Old West Uncle Billy Tilghman stands out head and shoulders. <SEP> He was the lawman who survived more gunfights than any other famous gun-slinging character in the book. He saw the most action beat up more badmen with his bare fists broke up the most gangs and sent more murderers to the gallows than any other U.S. Marshal who lived before or after him. <SEP> For fifty years his guns and ham-like fists shot holes through and battered the daylights out of the enemies of law and order in the frontier towns of the West. The deeds of countless western bandits and outlaws have been glorified almost to the point of hero-worship but because Billy Tilghman remained strictly on the side of the law throughout his action-packed career his achievements and the appalling risks he took while taming the West have remained almost unsung. <SEP> Citizens took the view that a lawman was expected to risk his life on the odd occasion anyway but this fighting fury of a man risked it regularly over a period of half a century. He came within an ace of being riddled with bullets during his long fight with the Doolin gang which terrorized Oklahoma in thes. <SEP> Led by Bill Doolin these mobsters specialized in train robberies but as a sideline they looted stores and robbed banks making liberal use of their guns. Bill Doolins ambition it appeared was to carve out his name with bullets alongside those of Jesse James and Billy the Kid and Bill Tilghman had sworn he would stop him. <SEP> Tilghman knew that some ranchers were hand-in-glove with the Doolin gang. They bought rustled cattle from the outlaw kept him supplied with guns and ammunition harbored his men in their houses. <SEP> Billy decided to set an example by arresting one of the ranchers named Ed Dunn who lived at Rock Fort. On a bitterly cold day in January accompanied only by Neal Brown as his deputy Tilghman left the township of Guthrie and headed for Rock Fort and Dunns ranch. <SEP> It was snowing hard when they got there and they saw no horses outside. The only evidence of occupation came from the chimney which was belching out thick smoke. <SEP> The two lawmen halted their wagon about twenty yards from the door. Wait here Neal said Tilghman. <SEP> If I dont come out within half an hour ride back to town and bring out a posse. Leaving his rifle in the wagon Tilghman walked up to the door and hammered on it. <SEP> There was no reply so he shoved it open with his foot and stepped inside. Directly opposite the door was a roaring log fire a welcome sight on that bitterly cold day. <SEP> Seated near it with his back to the door was the rancher Ed Dunn. Hello Ed said Tilghman. <SEP> The rancher grunted an acknowledgement but didnt move. Tilghman closed the door behind him and walked towards the fire. <SEP> Suddenly he saw something which made his big heart give a sickening lurch and caused the hairs to bristle on the back of his neck. Along each side of the room were six tiered bunks each one screened off with a curtain. <SEP> Projecting wickedly through these curtains were the gleaming muzzles of six rifles all trained on Billy Tilghman. The fighting marshal had walked right into a trap and at any moment six slugs might slam into his hide. <SEP> Thinking fast Tilghman never hesitated for one instant. He walked right up to the fire as though blissfully unaware of the guns covering him. <SEP> The men behind them were Bill Doolin and five of his gang -- every man a killer. Cold day said Tilghman placing his hands behind him and casually presenting his backside to the fire. <SEP> Just dropped in to ask where Jed Hawkins lives. Cant seem to locate landmarks in this snow. <SEP> The rancher was trembling. He wouldnt look Tilghman in the face. <SEP> Follow the river for five miles he said hoarsely. Jeds homestead is on the south bank. <SEP> Resisting the overwhelming temptation to flng himself out of that bristling death-trap Tilghman deliberately engaged the nervous rancher in trivial conversation for a good ten minutes. All that time rifle barrels were pointing unwaveringly at his head and body. <SEP> One false move on his part and he would be a dead man. Well he announced Guess Ill be going now Ed and thanks for the warmup. He strolled back to the door whistling softly hands still clasped behind him. <SEP> He left the house and almost certain death without even increasing his pace and wondered by what remarkable stroke of Providence he had been allowed to come out alive. He knew well enough that those guns would still be trained on his back as he walked towards the wagon. <SEP> If he showed signs of collecting his rifle and going back with his deputy to the ranch he would be shot down instantly. Leisurely he climbed on to the wagon next to Neal Brown. <SEP> Dont say or do anything he said softly. Just get out of here without it looking as though were in a hurry. <SEP> That place is crawling with Bill Doolin and his gang. Even as he spoke those words Billy Tilghmans life hung on a thread. <SEP> Back in the house a hoodlum named Red Buck sore because Billy had been allowed to leave unscathed jumped from a bunk and swore he was going after him to kill him right then. Youll stay right here commanded Bill Doolin covering Red with his rifle. <SEP> Billy Tilghman is too good a man to shoot in the back. Well let him go. <SEP> The fighting marshals fifty-year run of immunity from violent death came to a full and final stop one night in a street at Cromwell Oklahoma where he had been sent to clean up the gambling and vice rackets. Wiley Lynn a self-styled prohibition officer had hit town the previous day and had been drinking ever since. <SEP> That night he reeled out of Ma Murphys dance hall and proceeded to disturb the peace by shooting off his revolver.
cf29.txt:The New Frontier has brought to Washington a group more varied in background and interest. <SEP> Secretary of State Dean Rusk a former Rhodes Scholar and Mills College dean has headed the Rockefeller Foundation and in that role expended large sums for international cultural exchange. One of his initial acts in office was to appoint Philip Coombs of the Ford Foundation as the first Assistant Secretary of State for Educational and Cultural Affairs. <SEP> -LRB- In the late forties and fifties Coombs has declared in defining his role two strong new arms were added to reinforce United States foreign policy economic assistance and military assistance. As we embark upon the sixties we have an opportunity to build a third strong arm aimed at the development of people at the fuller realization of their creative human potential and a better understanding among them. -RRB- <SEP> Many of the new appointees are art collectors. Ambassador-at-Large Averell Harriman has returned to the capital with a collection of paintings that include Renoir Cezanne Gauguin Van Gogh Toulouse-Lautrec Degas Matisse Picasso and Walt Kuhn. <SEP> The Director of the Peace Corps R. Sargent Shriver Jr. A Kennedy brother-in-law collects heavily among the moderns including Kenzo Okada and Josef Albers. Secretary of the Treasury Douglas Dillon owns a prize Monet Femmes dans un Jardin. <SEP> Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara former President of the Ford Motor Company comes from a generation different from that of Eisenhowers own first Secretary of Defense Charles Wilson who had been head of General Motors. Unlike Wilson who at times seemed almost anti-intellectual in his earthy pragmatism. McNamara is the scholar-businessman. <SEP> An inveterate reader of books he chose while working in Detroit to live in the University community of Ann Arbor almost forty miles away. He selected as Comptroller of Defense not a veteran accountant but a former Rhodes Scholar Charles Hitch who is author of a study on The Economics Of Defense In The Nuclear Age. <SEP> One of the Presidents special assistants the Harvard dean McGeorge Bundy was co-author with Henry L. Stimson of the latters classic memoir On Active Service. Another Arthur M. Schlesinger Jr. Has won a Pulitzer Prize in history his wife Marion is a portrait painter. <SEP> The Press Secretary Pierre Salinger was a child prodigy as a pianist. -LRB- It is always of sorrow to me when I find people who neither know nor understand music he declared not long ago in proposing that White House prizes be awarded for music and art. -RRB- Mrs. Arthur Goldberg wife of the Secretary of Labor paints professionally and helps sponsor the Associated Artists Gallery in the District of Columbia. <SEP> -LRB- Artists are always at a new frontier she claims. In fact the search is almost more important than the find. -RRB- <SEP> Mrs. Henry Labouisse wife of the new director of the foreign aid program is the writer and lecturer Eve Curie. The list goes on. <SEP> At last count sixteen former Rhodes Scholars -LRB- see box on page -RRB- had been appointed to the Administration second in number only to its Harvard graduates. Besides Schlesinger the Justice Departments Information Director Edwin Guthman has won a Pulitzer Prize -LRB- for national reporting -RRB-. <SEP> Postmaster General J. Edward Day who must deal with matters of postal censorship is himself author of a novel Bartholf Street albeit one he was obliged to publish at his own expense. Two men show promise of playing prominent roles : William Walton a writer-turned-painter has been a long-time friend of the President. <SEP> They arrived in Washington about the same time during the early postwar years : Kennedy as the young Congressman from Massachusetts Walton after a wartime stint with Time-Life to become bureau chief for The New Republic. Both lived in Georgetown were unattached and shared an active social life. <SEP> Walton who soon made a break from journalism to become one of the capitals leading semi-abstract painters vows that he and Kennedy never once discussed art in those days. Nonetheless they found common interests. <SEP> During last years campaign Kennedy asked Walton an utter novice in organization politics to assist him. Walton dropped everything to serve as a district co-ordinator in the hard-fought Wisconsin primary and proved so useful that he was promoted to be liaison officer to critically important New York City. <SEP> Walton who served as a correspondent with General James Gavins paratroopers during the invasion of France combines the soul of an artist with the lingo of a tough guy. He provoked outraged editorials when after a post-Inaugural inspection of the White House with Mrs. Kennedy he remarked to reporters We just cased the joint to see what was there. <SEP> His credentials are impeccable. Already the President and the First Lady have deputized him to advise on matters ranging from the furnishing of the White House to the renovation of Lafayette Square. <SEP> A man of great talent he will continue to serve as a sort of Presidential trouble-shooter strictly ex officio for culture. A more official representative is the Secretary of the Interior. <SEP> Udall who comes from one of the Mormon first-families of Arizona is a bluff plain-spoken man with a lust for politics and a habit of landing right in the middle of the fight. Even while sparring furiously with Republican politicians he displays a deep and awesome veneration for anyone with cultural attainments. <SEP> His private dining room has become a way station for visiting intellectuals such as C.P. Snow Arnold Toynbee and Aaron Copland. Udall argues that Interior affairs should cover a great deal more than dams and wildlife preserves. <SEP> After promoting Frosts appearance at the Inauguration he persuaded the poet to return several months later to give a reading to a select audience of Cabinet members members of Congress and other Washington notables gathered in the State Department auditorium. The event was so successful that the Interior Secretary plans to serve as impresario for similar ones from time to time hoping thereby to add to the cultural enrichment of the Administration. <SEP> His Ideas in this respect however sometimes arouse critical response. One tempest was stirred up last March when Udall announced that an eight-and-a-half-foot bronze statue of William Jennings Bryan sculpted by the late Gutzon Borglum would be sent on indefinite loan to Salem Illinois Bryans birthplace. <SEP> Spokesmen for the nations tradition-minded sculptors promptly claimed that Udall was exiling the statue because of his own hostility to this art form. They dug up a speech he had made two years earlier as a Congressman decrying the more than two hundred statues monuments and memorials which dot the Washington landscape as patriotic societies and zealous friends are constantly hatching new plans. <SEP> Hoping to cut down on such works Udall had proposed that a politician be at least fifty years departed before he is memorialized. He is not likely to win this battle easily. <SEP> In the case of the Borglum statue an Interior aide was obliged to announce that there had been a misunderstanding and that the Secretary had no desire to hustle it out of Washington. The last Congress adopted seven bills for memorials including one to Taras Shevchenko the Ukrainian poet laureate eleven others were introduced. <SEP> Active warfare is raging between the forces pressing for a monument to the first Roosevelt on Theodore Roosevelt Island in the Potomac and TR. S own living children who wish to preserve the island as a wildlife sanctuary. The hotly debated plan for the capitals Franklin D. Roosevelt Memorial a circle of huge tablets engraved with his speeches -LRB- and promptly dubbed by one of its critics Instant Stonehenge -RRB- is another of Udalls headaches since as supervisor of the National Parks Commission he will share in the responsibility for building it. <SEP> Washington President Kennedy has been heard to remark ironically is a city of southern efficiency and northern charm. There have been indications that he hopes to redress that situation commencing with the White House. <SEP> One of Mrs. Kennedys initial concerns as First Lady was the sad state of the furnishings in a building which is supposed to be a national shrine. Ever since the fire of destroyed the beautiful furniture assembled by President Thomas Jefferson the White House has collected a hodgepodge of period pieces few of them authentic or aesthetic. <SEP> Mrs. Kennedy shows a determination to change all this. Not long after moving in she turned up a richly carved desk hewed from the timbers of the British ship H.M.S. Resolute and presented to President Hayes by Queen Victoria. <SEP> It now serves the President in his oval office. Later browsing in an old issue of the Gazette Des Beaux-Arts she found a description of a handsome gilt pier-table purchased in by President James Monroe. <SEP> She traced it to a storage room. With its coating of gold radiator paint removed -- a gaucherie of some earlier tenant -- it will now occupy its rightful place in the oval Blue Room on the first floor of the White House. <SEP> It soon became clear that the search for eighteenth-century furniture -LRB- which Mrs. Kennedy feels is the proper period for the White House -RRB- must be pursued in places other than government storage rooms. The First Lady appointed a Fine Arts Advisory Committee for the White House to locate authentic pieces as well as to arrange ways to acquire them. <SEP> Her effort to put the home of living Presidents on the same basis as Mount Vernon and Monticello recognizes no party lines. By rough estimate her Committee headed by Henry Francis Du Pont contains three times as many Republicans as Democrats. <SEP> The press releases emanating from the White House give a clue to the activity within. A curator has been appointed. <SEP> A valuable pencil-and-sepia allegorical drawing of Benjamin Franklin by Jean-Honore Fragonard has been donated by the art dealer Georges Wildenstein and now hangs in the Blue Room. The American Institute of Interior Designers is redecorating the White House library. <SEP> Secretary and Mrs. Dillon have contributed enough pieces of Empire furniture including Dolley Madisons own sofa to furnish a room in that style. Part of a fabulous collection of vermeil hollowware bequeathed to the White House by the late Mrs. Margaret Thompson Biddle has been taken out of its locked cases and put on display in the State dining room. <SEP> Womans place is in the home : man must attend to matters of the yard. One of the vexatious problems to first confront President Kennedy was the property lying just across Pennsylvania Avenue from the White House. <SEP> Congress had already appropriated money and plans were well along to tear down the buildings flanking Lafayette Square and replace them with what one critic calls the marble monumentality of government office buildings. While a Senator Kennedy had unsuccessfully pushed a bill to preserve the Belasco Theater as well as the Dolley Madison and the Benjamin Taylor houses all scheduled for razing. <SEP> What to do about it now that he was President Only a few days after moving into the White House. Kennedy made a midnight inspection of the Square. <SEP> Then he called in his friend Walton and turned over the problem to him with instructions to work out what was best -- provided it didnt pile unnecessary burdens on the President. The situation involved some political perils. <SEP> One of the offices slated for reconstruction is the aged Court of Claims diagonally across the street from the White House. Logically it should be moved downtown. <SEP> Judge Marvin Jones senior member of the Court is an elderly gentleman who lives at the nearby Metropolitan Club and desires to walk to work. More importantly he also happens to be the brother-in-law of Sam Rayburn Speaker of the House. <SEP> There were aesthetic problems as well as political. On delving deeper Walton discovered that most of the buildings fronting the Square could be classified as early nondescript. <SEP> The old Belasco Theater over which many people had grown sentimental was only a shell of its former self after arduous years as a USO Center. The Dolley Madison House Walton concluded was scarcely worth preserving. <SEP> The attempt to save the Squares historic value he declares came half a century too late.
cn25.txt:That day Matsuo saw a marine. <SEP> The enemy came looming around a bend in the trail and Matsuo took a hasty shot then fled without knowing the result ran until breath was a pain in his chest and his legs were rubbery. As his feet slowed he felt ashamed of the panic and resolved to make a stand. <SEP> He crossed the next meadow and climbed a tree where the jungle trail resumed. In the leafiest part of the tree straddling a broad horizontal limb he could see over the meadow. <SEP> For a while he was content to let events develop in their good time. He had no doubt the marine was the lead scout of a column and while his shot had probably bred indecision they would soon come hunting. <SEP> His superiors had emphasized that marines tortured others for the sheer pleasure. Yesterday today tomorrow : no surrender. His remembering the self-dictate brought no peace -- only a faint chill of doubt. <SEP> He murmured to himself with firmness : No surrender. It was best to die fighting the marines. <SEP> His superiors had also preached this saying it was the way for eternal honor. What if the marines never came His comrades were all dead. <SEP> He had no rice. Then it would be a choice between starvation and suicide. <SEP> Whichever the way he would rot in this vast choking green his wife never to receive an urn of his ashes. He sighed and leaned for a moment against the trunk. <SEP> His fingers touched the bone handle of a knife. The knife an ammunition pouch and a half-filled bottle of purified water hung on his belt. <SEP> Besides the belt he wore a loin cloth. As he looked up from picking at a leg ulcer he saw a marine in the jungle across the clearing. <SEP> Gloom receded. The marine came to the edge of the green jungle mist and stayed as though debating whether to brave the sunlight. <SEP> His fatigues made a streak of almost phosphorescent green in the mist. Come out come out in the meadow Matsuo said under his breath. <SEP> The man leaned against a tree and wiped a sleeve across his face. A signal Matsuo lifted his rifle easing the sling under his left upper arm for steadiness. <SEP> Fresh on his mind were events of the past day when his whole regiment was destroyed in the hills. They had fought from caves and the marines resorted to burning them out. <SEP> Even now like a ringing in his ears he heard the wooooosh of flame-throwers squirting great orange billows. A wave of flame rippling through their cave had reached Nagamo his friend and with a shriek the man bolted through the entrance then slowed to the jerky walk of a puppet his uniform blazing. <SEP> The marines let him advance. When he sank on his knees they had allowed him to char without administering the stroke of mercy. <SEP> Matsuo had faked death and was pitched on a stack of corpses both the burned and the unburned the latter decomposing rapidly under the tropical sun. The callous marines had laughed at each others retching while stacking bodies. <SEP> Matsuo repeatedly choked down his own nausea. At nightfall he had been able to sneak down a hillside and into the jungle reeking of death. <SEP> Apprehensively he peered to the left to the right into the leafy vine-crisscrossed maze. He decided that the marines must be deploying around the meadow with the one left to distract him. <SEP> He strained his hearing. Cautious feet stepping on leafmold faint creaking of belts and slings whispers : he heard none of these. Only the hum of insects and the distant fluttering call of a bird. <SEP> Because he couldnt hear them he was more convinced they were there. A spectacle occurred across the meadow : the lone marine took a seat on the ground leaning sidewise on a tree trunk he embraced it. <SEP> Humiliation made Matsuo tremble. While his comrades cocked the trap that one behaved as if it was some dull maneuver. <SEP> Taking aim at the mans face Matsuo squeezed the trigger up to the point of discharge and then he changed his mind. He wanted the arrogant marine to know fear and so he aimed above the head. <SEP> The shot reverberated in diminishing whiplashes of sound. Hush followed. <SEP> Like a mischievous boy expecting punishment Matsuo awaited reaction from the jungle. How stupid to give his position away. The jungle did not retort. <SEP> The sitter remained seated hugging the tree. Before long the atmosphere reverted to its old normalcy and insects hummed and birds occasionally called. <SEP> Matsuo puzzled and grew anxious over the complete passiveness concluding that he was the butt of a devilish joke. Five or so minutes later the marine abruptly pulled up and stepped into sunlight immediately throwing his hands over his eyes. <SEP> He went into a whirling dance a sort of blind chasing of the tail. It ended when he tumbled but jumping right up he staggered in no particular direction. <SEP> He wore no head cover of any kind and more odd had no visible weapon. With a sudden decisiveness he lurched in Matsuos direction crossing the meadow in a zigzagging gallop. <SEP> When he got closer to the tree Matsuo noted the wild look on his face. The pockets of his jacket bulged. Hand grenades. <SEP> The bobbing head was a poor target so Matsuo shot him in the upper trunk. The marine spun clapping a hand high on his chest and dived forward. <SEP> In the hush that followed the echoes Matsuo was tense. They could come on him now without difficulty. <SEP> Gradually he reached a conclusion. The marine was alone for they were impatient people and by now would have vied to knock him from the tree. <SEP> Down the tree he scrambled and knelt at the edge of foliage. The marine was sprawled some thirty yards away one arm extended. <SEP> Matsuo jumped when the hidden arm flopped out. Reflex Rifle leveled on the man he made a rush. <SEP> Heat in the sunlight pressed in like an invisible crowd. He squatted by the head gently placing the rifle on the ground. <SEP> With a snakestrike motion he grasped the hair and twisting pulled the marine over on his back. He was bearded. <SEP> The bullet had penetrated in the area of the right collarbone around the hole blood glistened in a little patch. Maintaining his clutch on the hair Matsuo watched the closed eyes while rummaging in the jacket pockets. In one : a package of cigarettes and a tinplated lighter both sticky from the mans bleeding. In the other : a wristwatch with broken crystal wrapped in a dirty handkerchief. <SEP> One by one he tossed the objects aside. He didnt smoke and could not light fires with a flintless lighter he had no use any longer for exact time even had the watch been running. <SEP> Then there was no saying how many times the marine had blown his nose on the handkerchief. Too bad the marine had no water. From its holder he took his own canteen. <SEP> The cap was stuck and made a thin rusty squeaking as he applied pressure. The marines eyes opened squeezed shut then opened squinted in the glare. So alive. <SEP> Matsuo put the bottle to his own lips. The marine reached up a hand. <SEP> Matsuo shook his head. None for you. The marine blinked soon dropping his hand. <SEP> Not only had he no canteen but he lacked even the belt to hang one on. You came well equipped to die. <SEP> Some odor made him lean over the man. He sniffed and recognized it. Sake. <SEP> That had been his difficulty. Drunk on sake he must have wandered off from his bivouac. <SEP> The marine tried to roll on his right side and moaned. When he rolled on the left side propping on his left elbow Matsuo seized his hair and pulled him back over. <SEP> Be a good turtle. Awkwardly with one hand Matsuo got the cap back on the water bottle. <SEP> The smell of sake had freshened yesterdays events in his thoughts. In the caves with other supplies they had kept cases of sake. <SEP> The marine shut his eyes. You a thrower of flame marine <SEP> Matsuo took the small knife from its scabbard and laid it on the ground out of the marines reach and away from their shadows. He waited in his squat gripping the hair. <SEP> Every so often he turned the knife. Its blade was dazzling in the intense sunlight. <SEP> The sun was noon high and Matsuo perspired until his body was dripping. Wet also were the marines fatigues and the face had an oily film. <SEP> The man had thrown the left hand over his eyes. Now and again he murmured something that ended in a giggle. <SEP> He must have saturated himself in the drink for the bullet not to shock him out of his drunken haze. Matsuo shook his head. Strange. <SEP> At last he reached for the knife. Even the bone handle scorched and he retrieved the marines handkerchief to wrap it. <SEP> First he barely touched the blade on the hand which shaded the eyes. The marine yelled and flung the hand away. <SEP> With a firm grip on the mans hair Matsuo applied the blade flat on a cheek. A shrill yelp kicked legs and groping hands that circled Matsuos wrist. Matsuo wrenched free and burned the hands into retreat burned the other cheek burned each hand when they came groping again. <SEP> The marine commenced to weep and it blighted the sense of enjoyment. Matsuo stood up. A small measure of payment marine. <SEP> He dropped the knife in its scabbard hung the rifle behind a shoulder. The marine hands on cheeks rolled by his unwounded side onto his stomach. <SEP> He ceased weeping. Matsuo walked toward his tree once glancing back. <SEP> The marine was still. He would soon die. <SEP> As Matsuo climbed by using the vines and kicking his feet against the trunk a mood of gloom immersed him like a jungle shadow. What now In the jungle birds were mute while insects preserved only the monotony of living. <SEP> Someone called. It was the marine : head lifted he strained and called. <SEP> Then he astonished Matsuo by pushing and dragging himself until he sat. He cupped his mouth and yelled. <SEP> Matsuo hustled the rifle off his shoulder. Once and for all hed finish this marine who would not die. <SEP> He aimed but listened. It sounded as if the man were calling him : Hey Japanese hey there Japanese. The man tilted back his head and went through the pantomime of drinking from a container. <SEP> He performed the act twice more and the begging in his tone grew more distinct. Sake Matsuo called. <SEP> The marine nodded vigorously. Matsuo laughed slung the rifle. <SEP> The marine was a winehead. His superiors had said that all marines were depraved. <SEP> The marine slumped forward into a bow like a priest before an idol. Remembering his own thirst Matsuo took out his water bottle. <SEP> One swallow was all he would have he was very thirsty but he must observe water discipline. His years of campaigning had taught him the value of water discipline. <SEP> He began to uncap the bottle the rusty cap squealing on its threads. Popping upright the marine waved both hands and shouted. <SEP> Of course it was water he really craved down in the broil of the sun he was becoming dried out. The marine shouted for it until it seemed that his voice had to crack. <SEP> Matsuo shook his head. He had no water for an enemy. <SEP> When this was gone he hadnt even a little bitter tablet to purify other water if he were to discover some stagnant jungle pool. He capped the bottle and replaced it. <SEP> After all he had less reason to desire it than the marine. Before much longer the marine quieted down. <SEP> His head slumped. The upper part of his packet had stained dark. Marine. <SEP> There is nothing for you Matsuo said. Your superiors will certainly beat you for your desertion besides the dishonor of it. <SEP> Ive nothing for you. From the convulsive quivers of the mans shoulders it was plain he had resumed the weeping. <SEP> He reminded Matsuo of a similar thing he had witnessed in China. In China it was a baby sitting on a railroad platform smudged blood-specked with the village burning about him and shells exploding.
cg05.txt:Was a fortunate time in which to build for the seventeenth century was a great period in Persian art. <SEP> The architects the tile and carpet makers the potters painters calligraphers and metalsmiths worked through Abbass reign and those of his successors to enrich the city. Travelers entering from the desert were confounded by what must have seemed an illusion : a great garden filled with nightingales and roses cut by canals and terraced promenades studded with water tanks of turquoise tile in which were reflected the glistening blue curves of a hundred domes. <SEP> At the heart of all of this was the square which one such traveler declared to be as spacious as pleasant and aromatick a Market as any in the Universe. In time Isfahan came to be known as half the world Isfahan nisf-i-jahan. <SEP> In the early eighteenth century this fantastic city then the size of London started to decline. The Afghans invaded the Safavids fell from power the capital went elsewhere the desert encroached. <SEP> Isfahan became more of a legend than a place and now it is for many people simply a name to which they attach their notions of old Persia and sometimes of the East. They think of it as a kind of spooky museum in which they may half see and half imagine the old splendor. <SEP> Those who actually get there find that it isnt spooky at all but as brilliant as a tile in sunlight. But even for them it remains a museum or perhaps it would be more accurate to say a tomb a tomb in which Persia lies well preserved but indeed dead. <SEP> Everyone is ready to grant the Persians their history but almost no one is willing to acknowledge their present. It seems that for Persia and especially for this city there are only two times : the glorious past and the corrupt depressing sterile present. <SEP> The one apparent connection between the two is a score of buildings which somehow or other have survived and which naturally enough are called historical monuments. However just as all the buildings have not fallen and flowed back to their original mud so the values which wanted them and saw that they were built have not all disappeared. <SEP> The values and talents which made the tile and the dome the rug the poem and the miniature continue in certain social institutions which rise above the ordinary life of this city as the great buildings rise above blank walls and dirty lanes. Often too the social institutions are housed in these pavilions and palaces and bridges for these great structures are not simply historical monuments they are the places where Persians live. <SEP> The promenade for example continues to take place on the Chahar Bagh a mile-long garden of plane and poplar trees that now serves as the citys principal street. It takes place as well along the terraces and through the arcades of the Khaju bridge and also in the gardens of the square. <SEP> On Fridays the day when many Persians relax with poetry talk and a samovar people do not it is true stream into Chehel Sotun -- a pavilion and garden built by Shah Abbas in the seventeenth century -- but they do retire into hundreds of pavilions throughout the city and up the river valley which are smaller more humble copies of the former. Of course religious life continues to center in the more famous mosques and commercial life -- very much a social institution -- in the bazaar. <SEP> Those three other great activities of the Persians the bath the teahouse and the zur khaneh -LRB- the latter a kind of club in which a leader and a group of men in an octagonal pit move through a rite of calisthenics dance chanted poetry and music -RRB- do not take place in buildings to which entrance tickets are sold but some of them occupy splendid examples of Persian domestic architecture : long domed chalk-white rooms with daises of turquoise tile their end walls cut through to the orchards and the sky by open arches. More important and the thing which the casual traveler and the blind sojourner often do not see is that these places and activities are often the settings in which Persians exercise their extraordinary aesthetic sensibilities. <SEP> Water air fruit poetry music the human form -- these things are important to Persians and they experience them with an intense and discriminating awareness. I should like by the way to make it clear that I am not using the word Persians carelessly. <SEP> I dont mean a few aesthetes who play about with sensations like a young prince in a miniature dabbling his hand in a pool. These things are important to almost all Persians and perhaps most important to the most ordinary. <SEP> The men crying love poems in an orchard on any summers night are as often as not the lutihaw mustachioed toughs who spend most of their lives in and out of the local prisons brothels and teahouses. A few months ago it was a fairly typical landlord who in the dead of night lugged me up a mountainside to drink from a spring famous in the neighborhood for its clarity and flavor. <SEP> Not long ago an acquaintance a slick-headed water rat of a lad up from the maw of the city stood on the balcony puffing his first cigarette in weeks. The air he said was just right a cigarette would taste particularly good. <SEP> I really didnt know what he meant. It was a nice day granted. <SEP> He knew he sniffed the air and licked it on his lip and knew as a vintner knows a vintage. The natural world then plus poetry and some kinds of art receives from the most ordinary of Persians a great deal of attention. <SEP> The line of an eyebrow the color of the skin a ghazal from Hafiz the purity of spring water the long afternoon among the boughs which crowd the upper story of a pavilion -- these things are noticed judged and valued. Nowhere in Isfahan is this rich aesthetic life of the Persians shown so well as during the promenade at the Khaju bridge. <SEP> There has probably always been a bridge of some sort at the southeastern corner of the city. For one thing there is a natural belt of rock across the river bed for another it was here that one of the old caravan routes came in. <SEP> It was to provide a safe and spacious crossing for these caravans and also to make a pleasance for the city that Shah Abbas in about built of sun-baked brick tile and stone the present bridge. It is a splendid structure. <SEP> From upstream it looks like a long arcaded box laid across the river from downstream where the water level is much lower it is a high elaborately facaded pavilion. The top story contains more than thirty alcoves separated from each other by spandrels of blue and yellow tile. <SEP> At either end and in the center there are bays which contain nine greater alcoves as frescoed and capacious as church apses. Here in the old days -- when they had come to see the moon or displays of fireworks -- sat the king and his court while priests soldiers and other members of the party lounged in the smaller alcoves between. <SEP> Below twenty vaults tunnel through the understructure of the bridge. These are traversed by another line of vaults and thus rooms arched on all four sides are formed. <SEP> Down through the axis of the bridge there is a long diminishing vista like a visual echo of piers and arches while the vaults fronting upstream and down frame the sunset and sunrise the mountains and river pools. Here on the hottest day it is cool beneath the stone and fresh from the water flowing in the sluices at the bottom of the vaults. <SEP> On the downstream or pavilion side these vaults give out onto terraces twice as wide as the bridge itself. From the terraces -- eighteen in all -- broad flights of steps descend into the water or onto still more terraces barely above the level of the river. <SEP> Out of water brick and tile they have made far more than just a bridge. On spring and summer evenings people leave their shops and houses and walk up through the lanes of the city to the bridge. <SEP> It is a great spectacle. The bridge itself rises up from the river light-flared and enormous like the outdoor set for an epic opera. <SEP> Crowds press along the terraces down the steps in and out of the arcades massing against it as though it were a fortress under siege. All kinds come to walk in the promenade : merchants from the bazaar bickering over a deal a Bakhtiari khan in a cap and hacking jacket dervishes who stand with the stillness of the blind their eyes filmed with rheum and visions the old Kajar princes arriving in their ancient limousines students civil servants beggars musicians hawkers and clowns. <SEP> Families go out to the edge of the terraces to sit on carpets around a samovar. Below people line the steps as though on bleachers to watch the sky and river. <SEP> Above in the tiled prosceniums of the alcoves boys sing the ghazals of Hafiz and Saadi while at the very bottom in the vaults the toughs and blades of the city hoot and bang their drums drink arak play dice and dance. Here in an evening Persians enjoy many of the things which are important to them : poetry water the moon a beautiful face. <SEP> To a stranger their delight in these things may seem paradoxical for Persians chase the golden calf as much as any people. Many of them moreover are beginning to complain about the scarcity of Western amusements and to ridicule the old life of the bazaar merchant the mullah and the peasant. <SEP> Nonetheless they take time out -- much time -- from the game of grab and these new Western experiments to go to the gardens and riverbanks. Above all they will stop in the middle of anything anywhere to hear or quote some poetry. <SEP> Poetry in Persian life is far more than a common ground on which -- in a society deeply fissured by antagonisms -- all may stand. It contains in fact their whole outlook on life. <SEP> It is expressed at least to their taste in a perfect form. Poetry for a Persian is nothing less than truth and beauty. <SEP> In most Western cultures today these twins have been sent away to the libraries and museums. In Persia where practically speaking there are no museums or libraries or for that matter hardly any books the twins run free. <SEP> It is perhaps difficult to conceive but imagine that tonight on London bridge the Teddy boys of the East End will gather to sing Marlowe Herrick Shakespeare and perhaps some lyrics of their own. That at any rate is what happens at the Khaju bridge. <SEP> Boys and men go along the riverbank or to the alcoves in the top arcade. Here in these little rooms -- or stages arched open to the sky and river -- they choose a few lines out of the hundreds they may know and sing them according to one of the modes into which Persian music is divided. <SEP> Each mode is believed to have a specific attribute -- one inducing pleasure another generosity another love and so on to include all of the emotions. The singer simply matches the poem to a mode for example the mode of bravery to this anonymous folk poem : They brought me news that Spring is in the plains And Ahmads blood the crimson tulip stains Go tell his aged mother that her son Fought with a thousand foes and he was one. <SEP> The mode of love to this fragment by a recent poet : Know ye fair folk who dwell on earth Or shall hereafter come to birth That here with dust upon his eyes Iraj the sweet-tongued singer lies. In this true lovers tomb interred A world of love lies sepulchred. <SEP> These songs -LRB- practically all Persian music for that matter -RRB- are limited to a range of two octaves. Within this limitation there is an astonishing variety : design as intricate as that in the carpet or miniature with the melodic line like the painted or woven line often flowing into an arabesque.
cl07.txt:Put in a call to Cunningham from his hotel room. <SEP> The maid answered and he decided Nancy must be at work. Jeb cautioned him not to be too hopeful and then ignoring his own advice said excitedly But it does sound good. A woman named Lisa who tells nobody anything about herself. That courtyard picture with the same initials. <SEP> Im not exactly jumping up and down with enthusiasm. Ill call you in a day or so. <SEP> On the highway he relaxed and enjoyed the drive over Lake Pontchartrain and along the coast. Gulf Springs was ten miles inland -- more of a quaint old coast town than those along the beach made garish by tourist attractions. <SEP> He checked into a motel and drove downtown. The courthouse was a white-stucco building minus the customary dome. <SEP> Instead of the usual straggling privet hedges and patches of bare dirt in most small-town squares the building was hemmed in by a semitropical growth of camellias and azaleas and a smooth lawn the improbably bright-green shade of florists grass. He figured his best bet was a call on the sheriff. <SEP> A clerk in the outer office took him in to Sheriff Carruthers a big paunchy man with thick white hair and a voice with a senatorial resonance which suggested he should be running for higher office. Seated in front of the desk Hank said Im looking for some information with very little to go on Sheriff. <SEP> He explained the background of the case ending with the tenuous clue which had brought him to Gulf Springs. The sheriffs swivel chair tilted back. <SEP> Youre looking for a woman who married a man who might have lived here a year ago and might have been poisoned. If there was such a person Im afraid she got away with it. Pity we dont know more about him. <SEP> I think the best bet is to go through the society columns of last year and see if any of the grooms match with the obituaries a little later. Itll be a tedious job but if you want to try it the old newspaper files are in the basement here in the county supervisors office. <SEP> Maybe the society editor would remember a good-looking out-of-town bride. Thats an idea. <SEP> Mrs. Calhoun has been society editor here for twenty-five years. The editor says that marriages may be made in heaven but weddings are made in Mrs. Calhouns columns. <SEP> Shes the one who decides which wedding is to get the lead space in the Sunday paper and all that. He smiled. <SEP> Once when the editor was just out of the hospital from a gallstone operation Mrs. Calhoun and the mother of the bride went out to his house and fought it out beside his bed. Shed be sure to remember any bride who was vague about background. <SEP> Shed have made a great scientist dedicated to tracking down heredity and environment. Shed also remember if the groom died later. <SEP> He stood up. I wish you good luck but please dont dig up too tough a case for me this close to election. <SEP> If you find out anything come on back here and well get started on it. Tracking down Mrs. Calhoun was like trying to catch up with Paul Revere between Lexington and Concord. <SEP> It turned out that she also sold real estate cosmetics and hospital insurance. The wearying trek stretched into the afternoon -- from newspaper plant to insurance office to her house and back to the newspaper where he found her at five oclock. <SEP> She was a large woman with a frizzled gray poodle cut and a pencil clamped like a bit between her teeth while she hunted and pecked on an old typewriter. It took a couple of minutes to run through her various businesses and get down to the one he wanted. Last year <SEP> Well I do remember one. From Baton Rouge. Married a man named Vincent Black. <SEP> I remember her because she didnt want her picture in the paper. First bride like that Ive seen in twenty-five years. What reason did she give <SEP> Said she had a breaking-out on her face -- some sort of allergy -- and none of her old pictures was good enough. I didnt see her till several days later at the wedding and her face looked like it had never had a blemish on it. <SEP> Of course you couldnt see too well through the veil. Her name Lisa Carmody <SEP> Now how in hell would I remember that Never mind. <SEP> I can look it up. They still live here <SEP> I think they moved away shortly after they were married. He was a salesman for something or other and must have been transferred. <SEP> Im sure itll be in the files. We usually run a social note when somebody moves away. <SEP> He stood up and thanked her. They inherited some money or something <SEP> She asked with a reportorial gleam in her eye. He said vaguely Well it is a little legal matter but nothing like that. <SEP> He hurried across to the courthouse and caught the sheriff just as he was leaving. Sounds like what youre after he said when Hank had finished. <SEP> Come on lets hurry down before they lock up for the day. In the basement the sheriff took him to a small dingy office occupied by a tall thin man informal in rolled-up shirt sleeves. Mr. Ferrell Hirey Lindsay chairman of the board of supervisors. <SEP> Mr. Ferrell is a private detective Hirey. Wants to look up something in the newspaper files so dont lock him in here. <SEP> Sure said Hirey. Ill just leave the door open. <SEP> It latches when you close it so stay as long as you like. Carruthers crossed the room to a metal door with an open grillework in the top half. <SEP> He pulled it open. Now dont shut this door. <SEP> It wont open from inside. Before we built the new jail we used to keep prisoners in here overnight sometimes when the old jail got too crowded. <SEP> Hirey treats himself a lot better than we do prisoners. They were a sight more comfortable than the ones in the jail with the cold air from Hireys air conditioner coming through the grille. <SEP> He walked past the sheriff into a windowless room with shelves full of big leather-bound volumes from floor to ceiling all around the walls. A metal table and four chairs stood in the center. <SEP> Theyre all here back to Carruthers told him. Its all right to smoke but make sure your cigarettes are out before you leave. <SEP> Of course you know not to take clippings. Ill leave the air conditioner on for you Mr. Ferrell said Hirey. <SEP> Dont forget to turn it off and close the door good so itll latch. Hank thanked them and promised to observe the rules. <SEP> When they had gone he stood for a minute breathing in the mustiness of old paper and leather which the busily thrumming air conditioner couldnt quite dispel. Chapter fourteen In a tour around the stacks he found that the earliest volumes began on the left and progressed clockwise around the room. <SEP> An old weakness for burrowing in records rose up to tempt him. It was indeed all here -- almost a century. From reconstruction to moon rockets. <SEP> He pulled away from the irrelevant old volumes and walked around to the newer ones. Last years volume was at the top a couple of inches below the ceiling. <SEP> Near it was a metal ladder on casters attached to the top shelf. He pulled it over climbed up and lifted out the big volume almost losing his balance from the weight of it. <SEP> He staggered over and dropped it on the table. Since Mrs. Calhoun remembered only that the marriage had been in the spring he started to plod through several months. <SEP> He tried to turn right to the society page in each one but interesting stories kept cropping up to distract him. At last he found it in the paper of April. <SEP> It told him little more than Mrs. Calhoun had remembered stating that it had been a small modest wedding compared to some of the others. There was a marked contrast in the amount of information on bride and groom. <SEP> Mr. Blacks life was an open book so to speak from his birth in Jackson Mississippi through his basketball-playing days at L.S.U. And his attainment of a B.A. Degree which had presumably prepared him for his career as district sales manager for Peerless Business Machines. The one line on the bride said she was Miss Lisa Carmody from Baton Rouge. No mention of New Orleans. <SEP> Hank was beginning to feel sharp concern for Mr. Black. If Mrs. Black was who he thought she was Mr. Blacks Peerless selling days might well be over. Now for their exodus from Gulf Springs. <SEP> This time the search took twice as long cutting down on his extra reading for he had to pick through several columns of one - and two-line social notes in each issue. He found it in the edition of May. <SEP> The item said Mr. And Mrs. Black had moved to Jackson his home town -- so the lovely Lisa had been with him a year ago. Next on his program was a call to the Jackson office of Peerless Business Machines to find out if Vincent Black was still with them -- or more specifically still with us. <SEP> He glanced at his watch saw it was only seven and decided to indulge his weakness now. For the next hour he scrambled happily up and down the ladder sharing the excitement of reporters who had seen McKinleys assassination the Iroquois Theater fire in Chicago and the Hall-Mills trial. <SEP> In the middle of the stock market crash he heard a slight noise in the outer office. He turned around saw nothing and decided it must be a mouse. <SEP> Something else distracted him yet there was no sound only tomblike silence. Then he knew it was not sound but lack of it. <SEP> The air conditioner was no longer running. He jumped up and turned around to see the metal door closing. <SEP> It clanged shut as he sprang toward it. He pressed his face against the grille. <SEP> Whos there The light shining through the grille dimly illumined the office beyond -- enough for him to see there was no one there. <SEP> Then he heard the outer door closing. Hey come back he shouted. <SEP> He thought it must be some damn janitor or cleaning woman puttering around figuring that Hirey had gone off and forgotten to turn off everything and lock up. Then the faint beginnings of fear stirred in his mind. <SEP> Unless he was stone-blind the person whod just left couldnt have missed seeing Hank through the open door of the brightly lighted room. Even if hed somehow missed seeing him he wouldnt have gone off and left the light on and door open in the file room. <SEP> Whoever it was had meant to shut him up in here had followed him and waited till the courthouse and square were deserted. But why To search his room at the motel <SEP> To come back later and kill him after the stores had closed around the square and everybody had left No they could kill him just as easy right now. <SEP> Nobody could hear what was going on in this underground vault. Then he heard it and smelled it -- the steady hissing the dread familiar pungency of gas escaping. <SEP> It must be coming from an upright heater against the far wall in the supervisors office. Until now Lilac Gaylor and Lila Kingsley had been like an anagram which he could unscramble at his own pace and choosing. <SEP> Except for those minutes in her room he had lost touch with her as a reality. Gaylors obsession and Cunninghams chimera-chasing reminiscences had mesmerized him into thinking of Lila and Lilac separately or together as a legend. <SEP> They kept drifting apart and merging again in his mind like some minute form of life on a microscope slide.
cl23.txt:What the man had said. <SEP> Haney peered doubtfully at his drinking companion through bleary tear-filled eyes. He had no ready answer as much from surprise as from the fit of coughing. <SEP> The man drunk or crazy or both his new-found buddy had matched him drink for drink until he lost count and the mans eyes were still clear. <SEP> The guy is off his rocker Haney thought to himself and looked away from those eyes. Eyes that were clear but also bright with a strange intensity a sort of cold fire burning behind them. Why hadnt he noticed it before <SEP> No the man was not drunk He wondered how he got tied up with this stranger. <SEP> Of course he remembered now. It was blurred after two hours of steady drinking but the occasion of it came back to him. <SEP> The stranger his head seemingly sunk in thought started to cross the street against the light just as a huge moving van roared through the intersection. Brakes howled and a horn blared furiously but the man would have been hit if Phil hadnt called out to him a second before. <SEP> His shout had been involuntary something anybody might have done without thinking on the spur of the moment. As a matter of fact he wouldnt have cared at all if the guy had been hit. <SEP> Actually he regretted having opened his mouth when the truck came to a stop and the angry driver jumped down from the cab and walked back toward them. By then the stranger was thanking Haney profusely and had one arm around his shoulders as if he were an old friend. <SEP> So the driver started to curse at both of them as if they had been in a plot together to ruin his safe-driving record. Then the man he saved turned and looked squarely into the truck drivers face without saying a word. <SEP> Very suddenly the driver stopped swearing at them turned on his heel and went back to his truck. Haney hadnt given it much thought at the time. <SEP> Now he recalled it very clearly and wondered what the truck driver had seen in those eyes to make him back off. It must have been the sort of look that can call a bluff without saying a word. <SEP> When the light went their way they went on across the street. When the stranger found out that Phil was on the way to one of his favorite bars he insisted on offering to buy drinks for both of them. <SEP> Phil usually went alone and kept to himself sitting in a corner and passing the time by nursing his favorite grudges. He decided he wouldnt mind company in return for free drinks even though he made good money at his job. <SEP> Phil was like that. Now he wondered if it was worth it having a screwball for company. <SEP> He really didnt take the offer seriously but he began to feel uneasy. When he finally got the coughing under control he realized that Pete -LRB- all he gave was his first name -RRB- was still waiting for an answer -- he didnt even seem to wink as he continued to stare. <SEP> Haney managed a weak laugh. Guess I cant think of anyone Pete. Thanks anyhow. <SEP> A faint crease appeared between the mans eyebrows. I think you arent taking me seriously Phil. <SEP> I meant it. Everybody has some kind of grudge. <SEP> I might have got hit by that truck if it wasnt for you. I believe in returning favors. <SEP> Ill do anything for somebody I like. It wont cost you a cent Phil. <SEP> Go ahead and try me Phil rubbed his forehead wearily. <SEP> He was beginning to feel woolly. Maybe it would be better to humor the guy and then make an exit. <SEP> He really didnt expect anything to come of it and there were a few people All right he conceded finally if you must know I dont get along with the landlord. <SEP> He keeps riding me because I like to listen to the radio and sing while Im taking a bath. He says the neighbors complain but I dont believe it. <SEP> Why dont they tell me themselves if it bothers them The man closed his eyes and nodded. <SEP> When he looked up again he seemed almost contented. Fine. Give me your address. <SEP> It will take a little time. I want to study your landlords habits and movements first. <SEP> You see I always make it look like an accident. Maybe suicide if it looks reasonable. In that way theres no trouble for the customer. <SEP> Haneys eyebrows flew up. Customer Pete smiled modestly. <SEP> Its my line of work he said Five minutes later before Haney could make his break the stranger stood up and nodded farewell. <SEP> Haney watched the small but wiry man slip out the door quickly and silently and felt relieved to see that nobody else seemed to notice his departure. Phil decided to stay a little longer and as time passed it seemed as if the strange little man had never been there but for the other glass on the table. <SEP> Some time before midnight he returned to his apartment and hit the sack putting the whole incident out of mind before he fell asleep. The next day Sunday the hangover reminded Haney where he had been the night before. <SEP> The hangover in turn reminded him of his conversation with the weirdy and he groaned. He went for more aspirin later in the day and passed the surly landlord on the way -- he was still alive and scowling as usual as if tenants were a burden in his life. <SEP> Phil shrugged and ignored him. He went back to work Monday. <SEP> By Wednesday the landlord was still alive. Of course On Thursday Haney mailed the monthly check for separate maintenance to his wife Lolly and wished the stranger could do something about her <SEP> Coming home from work he was startled to see a police car parked in front of the apartment building. Inside the lobby people were standing around talking excitedly. <SEP> His spine crawled with a foreboding premonition as he asked one of his fellow tenants what had happened. The landlord had died. <SEP> Late that afternoon it seemed he had fallen off the roof while on some obscure errand or inspection. He had apparently been alone. <SEP> Nobody witnessed the fall -- just the sickening impact when his body smashed on the pavement just outside the basement delivery entrance. Haney hoped that nobody noticed his sudden pallor as he felt the blood drain from his cheeks. <SEP> He muttered something about how terrible it was and walked with deliberate slowness to the elevator. Once inside his apartment he poured a drink with trembling hands and flopped limply in a chair. <SEP> After a while he began to feel better about it especially when no one bothered to ask any questions. After all why should they <SEP> Still later he finally convinced himself that it was an accident -- just a coincidence. The stranger really had nothing to do with it of course <SEP> Haney went to bed happy that at least he was rid of that lousy landlord. After all the man had no family so no one suffered and everybody was better off for it. <SEP> Really he said to himself nobody kills a man just as a favor So you thought I didnt mean what I said. <SEP> The strangers eyes were large and sad as if Phil Haney had hurt his feelings. It was like a recurrent annoying dream but now the dream was beginning to take on overtones of a nightmare. <SEP> However Haney knew it was not a dream. He might be very tight but he knew where he was. <SEP> It was the same bar and it was two weeks later -- Saturday night when he had an excuse to drink heavier than usual. He had been sitting in the usual corner at the little table as far as possible from any talkative friendly lushes. <SEP> He was enjoying the weekly ritual of washing down his pet grievance with bourbon slightly moistened with water. This favorite grievance was not the landlord. <SEP> He had already quite forgotten about him. In fact he had only mentioned him on the spur of the moment. <SEP> His real grievance was Lolly. Toward the end of his fourth hairy highball while he was moodily making wet rings on the table-top with the bottom of the glass he became aware that he was not alone. <SEP> He looked up with bloodshot eyes and beheld the stranger sitting across the table smiling a secret smile at him as if they were fellow conspirators. He hadnt even noticed -- what was his name Pete -- he hadnt seen him sit down. <SEP> The man was uncanny like a shadow and made as much noise as a shadow. Haney felt like shrinking out of sight but he was already trapped in the corner with the wiry dark little man. <SEP> He began to wish that he hadnt shouted that other evening when the truck bore down through the crossing. Was he going to be saddled from now on with a creep for a bar-buddy <SEP> Hed have to start going to some of the other places again. In a low voice almost whispering the man had asked Phil if he was happy with the way the landlord had been taken off his back. <SEP> He made the mistake of answering in an offhand way and instantly realized that his skepticism must have showed in his face or voice. Pete frowned slightly then became sad and moody. <SEP> Haney didnt want to encourage his company but felt he ought to buy him a drink anyhow to prevent possible trouble. There was no trouble. <SEP> The guy sulked over his drink obviously upset by Haneys lack of appreciation. To break the uncomfortable silence Haney began to talk. <SEP> In time and two drinks later he was complaining bitterly about his wife He was on the subject for ten minutes or so when he noticed the renewed interest in his listener -- it showed in the alert face and the suddenly bright eyes. When he paused to moisten his throat the stranger broke in. <SEP> Why pay her bills If she runs around with other men and if you hate her as you say why not just divorce her <SEP> Haney scowled. That bitch would love a divorce he growled. <SEP> Then shed get half of everything I have. Community property deal -- you know. <SEP> Id have to sell out my business to pay her off with her share. She can drop dead <SEP> Pete nodded understandingly. Oh yes. Now I see. <SEP> You must understand I havent been in this state too long. I came out here to retire. <SEP> Thats why I -- why I do a free job now and then. You should have told me about her before. <SEP> Haney felt a twinge of annoyance when he heard the now familiar line again. Then a wild thought ran circles through his clouded brain. <SEP> Suppose pseudo-attach -- just suppose pseudo-attach this guy was really what he said he was T A retired professional killer If he was just a nut no harm was done. <SEP> If he was the real thing he could do something about Lolly. He felt very cunning very proud of himself as he played on the other mans soft spot. <SEP> No offense intended he said gently. But its just that -- well you know. <SEP> The cops didnt suspect a thing and I thought it was a coincidence. After all I didnt know you Pete. <SEP> It could have been an accident. He shrugged casually. <SEP> If you say you managed it The stranger was hooked. <SEP> His eyes burned feverishly. Yes yes he muttered impatiently. <SEP> Of course it looked like an accident. I always work it that way -- and always at a time when the customer has an alibi. <SEP> Let me prove it Phil. I think I can manage one more favor for you. <SEP> He waited eagerly. Haney swished the liquor in the bottom of his glass.
cf07.txt:Recent writings assume that the ignorant young couples are a thing of the remote Victorian past that nowadays all honeymooners are thoroughly familiar with the best sex-manuals and know enough from talk with friends and personal experimentation to take all the anxiety and hazards out of the situation. <SEP> Perhaps -- but extensive discussions with contemporary practitioners family doctors and gynecologists indicate that this is still an area of enormous ignorance. Joking and talking may be freer and easier but the important factual information is still lacking for far too many newly-married men and women. <SEP> Various factors in the setting can still be of great advantage in making the first intercourse a good rather than a bad memory for one or both. Privacy must be highly assured both in time and place. <SEP> That is locking the room or stateroom door gives privacy of location but it is equally important to be sure there is time enough for an utterly unhurried fulfillment. If the wedding party lasted late and the travel schedule means there are only a few hours before resuming the trip or making an early start the husband may forestall tensions and uncertainties by confiding to his bride that lying in each others arms will be bliss enough for these few hours. <SEP> The consummation should come at the next stopping place when they have a long private time -LRB- day or night -RRB- for that purpose. First intercourse for the bride brings with it the various problems connected with virginity and the hymen. <SEP> One thing should be clear to both husband and wife -- neither pain nor profuse bleeding has to occur when the hymen is ruptured during the first sex act. Ignorance on this point has caused a great deal of needless anxiety misunderstanding and suspicion. <SEP> The hymen is in essence a fragile membrane that more or less completely covers the entrance to the vagina in most female human beings who have not had sex relations. -LRB- Hymen in fact is the Greek word for membrane. -RRB- Often it is thin and fragile and gives way readily to the male organ at the first attempt at intercourse. <SEP> As might be expected girls in this situation bleed very little and perhaps not at all in the process of losing their virginity. It is also important to realize that many girls are born without a hymen or at most only a tiny trace of one so that the absence of the hymen is by no means positive proof that a girl has had sex relations. <SEP> There is a basis in fact for the exaggerations of the folk-lore beliefs. Some hymens are so strongly developed that they can not be torn without considerable pain to the girl and marked loss of blood. <SEP> More rarely the hymen is so sturdy that it does not yield to penetration. Extreme cases are on record in which the doctor has had to use instruments to cut through the hymen to permit marital relations to be consummated. <SEP> These cases for all their rarity are so dramatic that friends and relations repeat the story until the general population may get an entirely false notion of how often the hymen is a serious problem to newly-weds. In recent times when sexual matters began to be discussed more scientifically and more openly the emotional aspects of virginity received considerable attention. <SEP> Obviously the bridal pair has many adjustments to make to their new situation. It necessary to add to the other tensions the hazard of making the loving husband the one who brought pain to his bride <SEP> Gynecologists and marriage manuals began to advise that the bride should consult a physician before marriage. If he foresaw any problem because of the quality of the hymen it was recommended that simple procedures be undertaken at once to incise the hymen or preferably to dilate it. <SEP> As a natural outgrowth of this approach it was often suggested that the doctor should complete the preparation for painless intercourse by dilating the vagina. This recommendation was based on the fact that the hymen was not the only barrier to smooth consummation of the sex act. <SEP> The vagina is an organ capable of remarkable contraction and dilation. This is obvious when it is remembered that during childbirth the vagina must dilate enough to permit the passage of the baby. <SEP> The intricate system of muscles that manage the contraction and dilatation of the vagina are partly under voluntary control. An instinctive reflex may work against the conscious intention of the woman. <SEP> That is when first penetration takes place the pressure and pain signals may involuntarily cause all the vaginal muscles to contract in an effort to bar the intrusion and prevent further pain. The advantages of dilatation by the physician are both physical and psychological. <SEP> Since it is a purely professional situation none of the pain is associated with love-making or the beloved. By using instruments of gradually increasing size the vagina is gently and with minimum pain at each stage taught to yield to an object of the appropriate shape. <SEP> In this process the vaginal muscles come under better conscious control by the girl. She learns how to relax them to accept -- instead of contracting them to repel -- the entering object. <SEP> Apart from the standard problem of controlling the vaginal muscles other serious barriers may exist that need special gynecological treatment. It is far better to have such conditions treated in advance than to have them show up on the honeymoon where they can create a really serious situation. <SEP> When no medical problems exist the newly married couple generally prefer to cope with the adjustments of their new relationship by themselves. Special information and guidance about the possible difficulties are still of great value. <SEP> Folk-lore superstition and remembered passages from erotic literature can create physical and emotional problems if blindly taken as scientific facts and useful hints. The importance of loving tenderness is obvious. <SEP> The long unhurried approach and the deliberate prolongation of fore-play work on several levels. Under the excitement of caresses and sexual stimulation the vagina relaxes and dilates and the local moisture greatly increases providing an excellent lubricant to help achieve an easier penetration. <SEP> Extensive observations by physicians during vaginal examinations have established the fact that a single finger inserted along the anterior wall -LRB- the top line of the vagina as the woman lies on her back -RRB- may cause a great deal of distress in a virgin. During the same examination two fingers may be inserted along the posterior wall -LRB- the bottom of the vagina in the same position -RRB- without any pain and in fact without any difficulty if the pressure is kept downward at all times. <SEP> These regional differences of sensitivity to pain may be of crucial significance during the earliest intercourse. The husband and wife should start with this anatomical information clearly in mind. <SEP> They may then adjust their positions and movements to avoid too much pressure on the urethra and the anterior wall of the vagina at least until repeated intercourse has dilated it and pain is no longer a possible threat against the full pleasure of love-making. In fact the technical procedure in medical examinations may be wisely adapted to his romantic purposes by the husband during the honeymoon. <SEP> Locker-room talk often stresses the idea that a man is doing the girl a favor if he is forceful and ruthless during the first penetration. The false reasoning is that a gradual advance prolongs the pain while a swift powerful act gets it over with and leaves the girl pleased with his virility and grateful for his decisiveness in settling the problem once and for all. <SEP> Such talk is seriously in error. Ruthlessness at this time can be a very severe shock to the bride both physically and psychologically. <SEP> The insistent forceful penetration may tear and inflame the vaginal walls as well as do excessive damage to the hymen. The pain and distress associated with the performance may easily give the wife a deep-seated dread of marital relations and cause her unconsciously to make the sex act unpleasant and difficult for both by exercising her vaginal muscles to complicate his penetration instead of relaxing them to facilitate it. <SEP> Serious attention must also be given to the husbands problems in the honeymoon situation. The necessity for keeping alert to his brides hazards can act as an interference with the mans spontaneous desire. <SEP> The emotional stimulation may be so great that he may experience a premature climax. This is a very common experience and should in no way discourage or dishearten either husband or wife. <SEP> The frequent need to check and discipline himself to the wisest pace of the consummation can put him off stride and make it impossible for him to be continuously ready for penetration over a long period. The signals to proceed may therefore come when he is momentarily not able to take advantage of them. <SEP> The best course is to recover his physical excitement by a change of pace that makes him ardent again. This may require imagination and reminding himself that now he can be demanding and self-centered. <SEP> He can take security from the fact that the progress he has made by his gentle approach will not be lost. Now while he uses talk caresses or requires caresses from her his bride will sympathetically understand the situation and eagerly help him restore his physical situation so they can have the consummation they both so eagerly desire. A final word. <SEP> The accumulated information on this point shows that first intercourse even when it is achieved with minimum pain or difficulty is seldom an overwhelming sexual experience to a woman. Too many new things are happening for it to be a complete erotic fulfillment. <SEP> Only under rare circumstances would a bride experience an orgasm during her first intercourse. Both man and wife should be aware of the fact that a lack of climax and even the absence of the anticipated keen pleasure are not a sign that the wife may be cold or frigid. <SEP> If the early approaches are wise understanding and patient the satisfactions of marital fulfillment will probably be discovered before the marriage is much older. Writing in a large volume on the nude in painting and sculptures titled The Nude : A Study In Ideal Form Kenneth Clark declares : The human body as a nucleus is rich in associations. <SEP> It is ourselves and arouses memories of all the things we wish to do with ourselves. Perhaps this is a clue to the amazing variety and power of reactions attitudes and emotions precipitated by the nude form. <SEP> The wide divergence of reactions is clearly illustrated in the Kinsey studies in human sexuality. Differences were related to social economic and educational backgrounds. <SEP> Whereas persons of eighth grade education or less were more apt to avoid or be shocked by nudity those educated beyond the eighth grade increasingly welcomed and approved nudity in sexual relations. Such understanding helps to explain why one matron celebrating thirty-five years of married life could declare with some pride that her husband had never seen her entirely naked while another woman boasting an equal number of years of married life is proud of having shared the nudist way of life -- the really free natural nude life -- for most of that period. <SEP> Attempts at censorship always involve and reveal such complex and multiple individual reactions. The indignant crusader sees the nude or semi-nude human form as lewd and pornographic a threat and danger to all the young or good or religious or moral persons. <SEP> The equally ardent proponent of freedom from any kind of censorship may find the nude human form the natural honest free expression of mans spirit and the epitome of beauty and inspiration. One is always a little surprised to bump into such individual distinctions when it is unexpected. <SEP> I still recall the mild shock I experienced in reading material of an enthusiastic advocate of the clean healthful free way of natural life in nudism who seemed to brave much misunderstanding and persecution in fine spirit.
cf32.txt:Father James Upton was the Upton mentioned by Hawthorne in the famous introduction to the Scarlet Letter as one of those who came into the old custom house to do business with him as the surveyor of the port. <SEP> A gentleman of the old school Mr. Upton possessed intellectual power ample means and withal was a devoted Christian. The daughter profited from his interest in scientific and philosophical subjects. <SEP> Her mother also was a person of superior mind and broad interests. There is clear evidence that Lucy from childhood had an unusual mind. <SEP> She possessed an observant eye a retentive memory and a critical faculty. When she was nine years old she wrote a description of a store she had visited. <SEP> She named items and said there were many more things which it would take too long to write. An essay on Freedom written at years of age quoted the Declaration of Independence the freedom given to slaves in Canada and the views of George Washington. <SEP> Lucy Upton was graduated from the Salem High School when few colleges only Oberlin and Elmira were open to women and she had an appetite for learning that could not be denied. A picture of her in high school comes from a younger schoolmate Albert S. Flint friend of her brother Winslow and later like Winslow a noted astronomer. <SEP> He recalled Lucy as a bright-looking black-eyed young lady who came regularly through the boys study hall to join the class in Greek in the little recitation room beyond. The study of Greek was the distinctive mark of boys destined to go to college and Lucy Upton too expected to go to college and take the full classical course offered to men. <SEP> The death of her mother in prevented this. With four younger children at home Lucy stepped into her mothers role and even after the brothers and sisters were grown she was her fathers comfort and stay until he died in. <SEP> But even so Lucy could not give up her intellectual pursuits. When her brother Winslow became a student at Brown University in she wrote him about a course in history he was taking under Professor Diman : What is Prof. Dimans definition of civilization and take the world through is its progress ever onward or does it retrograde at times <SEP> you think I might profitably study some of the history you do perhaps two weeks behind you. That she proceeded to do. <SEP> Many years later -LRB- on August -RRB- Lucy Upton wrote Winslows daughter soon to be graduated from Smith College : While I love botany which after dabbling in for years I studied according to the methods of that day exactly forty years ago in a summer school it must be fascinating to take up zoology in the way you are doing. Whatever was the science in the high school course for the time being that was my favorite study. <SEP> Mathematics came next. Her study of history was persistently pursued. <SEP> She read Maitlands Dark Ages which I enjoyed very much La Croix on the Customs of the Middle Ages chapters of Bryce and liked it more and more more chapters of Guizot Lecky and Stanleys Eastern Church. She discussed in her letters to Winslow some of the questions that came to her as she studied alone. <SEP> Lucys correspondence with brother Winslow during his college days was not entirely taken up with academic studies. She played chess with him by postcard. <SEP> Also Lucy and Winslow had a private contest to see which one could make the most words from the letters in importunately. Who won is not revealed but Winslows daughter Eleanor says they got up to words. <SEP> There was another family interest also. Winslow had musical talents as had his father before him. <SEP> At different times he served as glee-club and choir leader and as organist. It was Lucy Upton who first started the idea of a regular course in Music at Spelman College. <SEP> Winslow Upton after graduation from Brown University and two years of graduate study accepted a position at the Harvard Observatory. For three years he was connected with the U.S. Naval Observatory and with the U.S. Signal Corps and after was professor of astronomy at Brown University. <SEP> The six expeditions to study eclipses of the sun of which he was a member took him to Colorado Virginia and California as well as to the South Pacific and to Russia. After her fathers death Lucy and her youngest sister lived for a few years with Winslow in Washington D.C. <SEP> Their house writes Albert S. Flint was always a haven of hospitality and good cheer especially grateful to one like myself far from home. Lucy was a lively part of the household. <SEP> Moreover she had physical as well as mental vigor. Winslow as his daughters Eleanor and Margaret recall used to characterize her as our iron sister. <SEP> There is reason to suppose that Lucy would have made a record as publicly distinguished as her brother had it not been that her mothers death occurred just as she was about to enter college. As a matter of fact Albert S. Flint expressed his conviction that her physical strength her mental power her lively interest in all objects about her and her readiness to serve her fellow beings would have led her to a distinguished career amongst the noted women of this country. <SEP> While in Washington D.C. Lucy Upton held positions in the U.S. Census Office and in the Pension Bureau. They were not sufficiently challenging however and she resigned in to go to Germany with her brother Winslow and his family while he was there on study. <SEP> After the months in Europe she returned to Boston and became active in church and community life. What was called an accidental meeting with Miss Packard in Washington turned her attention to Spelman. <SEP> Here was a cause she believed in. After correspondence with Miss Packard and to the joy of Miss Packard and Miss Giles she came to Atlanta in the fall of to help wherever needed although there was then no money available to pay her a salary. <SEP> She served for a number of years without pay beyond her travel and maintenance. Her students have spoken of the exacting standards of scholarship and of manners and conduct she expected and achieved from the students of her great power of discernment of her exquisiteness of dress her well-modulated voice that went straight to the hearts of the hearers her great love of flowers and plants and birds and her close knowledge of individual students. <SEP> She drew on all her resources of mind and heart to help them -- to make them at home in the world and as graduates gratefully recall she drew on her purse as well. Many a student was able to remain at Spelman only because of her unobtrusive help. <SEP> Under Miss Upton the work of the year - went forward without interruption. After all she had come to Spelman Seminary in and had been since except for one year Associate Principal or Dean. <SEP> She had taught classes in botany astronomy -LRB- with the aid of a telescope -RRB- geometry and psychology. Miss Upton and Miss Packard as a matter of fact had many tastes in common. <SEP> Both had eager and inquiring minds and both believed that intellectual growth must go hand in hand with the development of sturdy character and Christian zeal. Both loved the out-of-doors including mountain climbing and horseback riding. <SEP> In when the trip to Europe and the Holy Land was arranged for Miss Packard it was Miss Upton who planned the trip and with rare executive ability bore the brunt of the entire pilgrimage from beginning to end. So strenuous it was physically with its days of horseback riding over rough roads that it seems an amazing feat of endurance for both Miss Packard and Miss Upton. <SEP> Yet they thrived on it. At the Fifteenth Anniversary -LRB- -RRB- as already quoted Miss Upton projected with force and eloquence the Spelman of the Future as a college of first rank with expanding and unlimited horizons. <SEP> When Dr. Wallace Buttrick wise in his judgment of people declined to have the Science Building named for him he wrote Miss Tapley -LRB- April -RRB- If you had asked me I think I would have suggested that you name the building for Miss Upton. Her services to the School for many years were of a very high character and I have often thought that one of the buildings should be named for her. <SEP> Such were the qualities of the Acting-President of the Seminary after the death of Miss Giles. At the meeting of the Board of Trustees on March Miss Upton presented the annual report of the President. <SEP> She noted that no student had been withdrawn through loss of confidence that the enrollment showed an increase of boarding students as was desired and that the years work had gone forward smoothly. She urged the importance of more thorough preparation for admission. <SEP> The raising of the $ U Improvement Fund two days before the time limit expired and the spontaneous praise demonstration held afterward on the campus were reported as events which had brought happiness to Miss Giles. With the Fund in hand the debt on the boilers had been paid Rockefeller and Packard Halls had been renovated walks laid and ground had been broken for the superintendents home. <SEP> Miss Upton spoke gratefully of the response of Spelman graduates and Negro friends in helping to raise the Fund and their continuing efforts to raise money for greatly needed current expenses. She spoke also with deep thankfulness of the many individuals and agencies whose interest and efforts through the years had made the work so fruitful in results. <SEP> Two bequests were recorded : one of $ U under the will of Mrs. Harriet A. Copp of Los Angeles and one of $ U under the will of Miss Celia L. Brett of Hamilton New York a friend from the early days. Miss Upton told the Trustees that the death of Miss Giles was the sorest grief the Seminary had ever been called upon to bear. <SEP> The daughters of Spelman she said had never known or thought of Spelman without her. The removal of Miss Packard years earlier had caused them great sorrow but they still had Miss Giles. <SEP> Now the school was indeed bereft. Yet Spelman has strong deep roots and will live for the blessing of generations to come. <SEP> Miss Mary Jane Packard Sophias half-sister became ill in March and when school closed she was unable to travel to Massachusetts. She remained in Atlanta through June and July she died on August sixth. <SEP> Before coming on a visit to Spelman in Miss Mary had been a successful teacher in Worcester and her position there was held open for her for a considerable period. She decided to stay at Spelman. <SEP> She helped with teaching as well as office work for a few years -- the catalogues show that she had classes in geography rhetoric and bookkeeping. Soon the office work claimed all her time. <SEP> She was closely associated with the Founders in all their trials and hardships. Quiet and energetic cheerful and calm she too was a power in the development of the seminary. <SEP> Miss Giles always used to refer to her as Sister. She served as secretary in the Seminary office for years and was in charge of correspondence records and bookkeeping. <SEP> The books of the school hold a memorial to her and so do the hearts of students and of teachers. Mary J. Packard states a Messenger editorial was efficient pains-taking self-effacing loving radiating the spirit of her Master. <SEP> With infinite patience she responded to every call no matter at what cost to herself and to her all went for she was sure to have the needed information or word of cheer.
ck16.txt:Red glow from the cove had died out of the sky. <SEP> The two in the bed knew each other as old people know the partners with whom they have shared the same bed for many years and they needed to say no more. The things left unsaid they both felt deeply and with a sigh they fell back on the well-stuffed pillows. <SEP> Anita put out the remaining candles with a long snuffer and in the smell of scented candlewick the comforting awareness of each others bodies the retained pattern of dancers and guests remembered their minds grew numb and then empty of images. They slept -- Mynheer with a marvelously high-pitched snoring the damn seahorse ivory teeth watching him from a bedside table. <SEP> In the ballroom below the dark had given way to moonlight coming in through the bank of French windows. It was a delayed moon but now the sky had cleared of scudding black and the stars sugared the silver-gray sky. <SEP> Martha Schuyler old slow careful of foot came down the great staircase dressed in her best lace-drawn black silk her jeweled shoe buckles held forward. Well Im here at last she said addressing the old portraits on the walls. <SEP> I dont hear the music. I am getting deaf I must admit it. <SEP> She came to the ballroom and stood on the two carpeted steps that led down to it. Where is everyone <SEP> I say where is everyone Peter you lummox youve forgot to order the musicians. <SEP> She stood there a large old woman smiling at the things she would say to him in the morning this big foolish baby of a son. There were times now like this when she lost control of the time count and moved freely back and forth into three generations. <SEP> It a birthday ball When Peter had reached his majority at eighteen <SEP> was it her own first ball as mistress of this big house a Van Rensselaer bride from way upstate near Albany from Rensselaerwyck. This handsome booby staring and sweating was he her bridegroom <SEP> Martha picked up the hem of her gown and with eyes closed she slowly began to dance a stately minuet around the ballroom. David Cortlandt was tired beyond almost the limits of his flesh. <SEP> He had ridden hard from Boston and he was not used to horseback. Now driving the horse and sulky borrowed from Mynheer Schuyler he felt as if every bone was topped by burning oil and that every muscle was ready to dissolve into jelly and leave his big body helpless and unable to move. <SEP> The road leading south along the river was shaded with old trees and in the moonlight the silvery landscape was like a setting for trolls and wood gods rather than the Hudson River Valley of his boyhood memories. He slapped the reins on the back of the powerful gray horse and held on as the sulkys wheels hit a pothole and came out with a jolt and went on. <SEP> He would cross to Manhattan to Harlem Heights before morning. There a certain farmhouse was a station for the Sons of Liberty. <SEP> He would send on by trusted messenger the dispatches with their electrifying news. He would sleep sleep and never think of roads and horses sore haunches of colonial wars. Strange how everything here fitted back into his life even if he had been away so long. Mynheer Sir Francis the valley society the very smell of the river on his right purling along to the bay past fish weirs and rocks and ahead the sleepy ribbon of moon-drenched road. <SEP> A mist was walking on the water white as cotton but with a blending and merging grace. Ahead there was a stirring of sudden movement at a crossroads. <SEP> David reached for the pair of pistols in the saddlebags at his feet. He pulled out one of them and cocked it. <SEP> A strange wood creature came floating up from a patch of berry bushes. It was a grotesque hen five or six feet tall. <SEP> It had the features of a man bewhiskered by clumps of loose feathers. It ran this apocalyptic beast on two thin legs and its wings -- were they feathered arms -- flapped as it ran. <SEP> Its groin was bloody. Black strips of skin hung from it. <SEP> The horse shied at the dreadful thing and flared its nostrils. David took a firm hand with it. <SEP> The creature in feathers looked around and David saw the mad eyes glazed with an insane fear. The ungainly bird thing ran away and to David its croaking sounded like the crowing of a tormented rooster. <SEP> Then it was gone. He drove on wary and shaken. <SEP> The Sons were out tonight. Chapter New York lay bleaching in the summer sun and the morning fish hawk flying in the heated air saw below him the long triangular wedge of Manhattan Island. <SEP> It was thickly settled by fifteen thousand citizens and laid out into pig-infested streets mostly around the Battery going bravely north to Wall Street but giving up and becoming fields and farms in the region of Harlem Heights. From there it looked across at Westchester County and the Hudson River where the manor houses estates and big farms of the original -LRB- non-Indian -RRB- landowners began. <SEP> On the east side of the island of Manhattan the indifferent hawk knew the East River that connected New York Bay with Long Island Sound. On the western tip of Long Island protruded Brooklyn Heights. <SEP> It commanded a view over Manhattan and the harbor. A fringe of housing and gardens bearded the top of the heights and behind it were sandy roads leading past farms and hayfields. <SEP> Husbandry was bounded by snake-rail fences and there were grazing cattle. On the shores north and south the fishers and mooncursers -- smugglers -- lived along the churning Great South Bay and the narrow barrier of sand Fire Island. <SEP> The morning hawk hungry for any eatable killable digestible item kept his eyes on the ring of anchored ships that lay off the shores in the bay sheltered by the Jersey inlets. They often threw tidbits overboard. <SEP> The larger ships were near Paulus Hook already being called by a few Jersey City. These were the ships of His Majestys Navy herding the hulks of the East Indies merchants and the yachts and ketches of the loyalists. <SEP> The news of battle on Breeds Hill had already seeped through and New York itself was now left in the hands of the local Provincial Congress. The fish hawk his wings not moving circled and glided lower. The gilt sterns of the men-of-war becoming clearer to him the sides of the wooden sea walls alternately painted yellow and black the bronze cannon at the ports. <SEP> The captains gig of H.M.S. Mercury was being rowed to H.M.S. Neptune. On shore the freed slaves to despotism -- the town dwellers -- watched the ships and waited. <SEP> The chevaux de frise those sharp stakes and barriers around the fort at the Battery pointed to a conflict between the town and sea power rolling in glassy swells as the tide came in. Across the bay the Palisades were heavy in green timber their rock paths led down to the Hudson. <SEP> Below in the open bay facing Manhattan was Staten Island gritty with clam shells and mud flats behind which nested farms cattle barns and berry thickets. Along Wappinger Creek in Dutchess County past the white church at Fishkill past Verplancks Point on the east bank of the Hudson to the white salt-crusted roads of the Long Island Rockaways there was a watching and an activity of preparing for something explosive to happen. Today tomorrow six months even perhaps a year <SEP> The fish hawk flew on and was lost from sight. The British ships rolled at anchor sent out picket boats and waited for orders from London. <SEP> Waited for more ships more lobster-backed infantry and asked what was to be done with a war of rebellion David Cortlandt having slept away a day and a night came awake in a plank farmhouse on the Harlem River near Spuyten Duyvil. <SEP> He looked out through windowpanes turned a faint violet by sun and weather looked out at Kings Bridge toward Westchester. The road seemed animated with a few more wagons than usual a carriage raising up the choking June dust and beyond in a meadow a local militia company drilling with muskets Kentuck rifles every kind of horse pistol old sword or cutlass. <SEP> The wraith-like events of the last few days flooded Davids mind and he rubbed his unshaved chin and felt again the ache in his kidneys caused by his saddle odyssey from Boston. Pensive introspective he ached. <SEP> He had sent the dispatches downtown to the proper people and had slept. Now there was more to do. <SEP> Orders not written down had to be transmitted to the local provincial government. He scratched his mosquito-plagued neck. <SEP> From the saddlebags hung on a Hitchcock chair David took out a good English razor a present from John Hunter. He found tepid water in a pitcher and a last bit of soap and he lathered his face and stood stropping the razor on his broad leather belt its buckle held firm by a knob of the bedpost. <SEP> He hoped he was free of self-deception. Here he was suddenly caught up in the delirium of a war in the spite and calumny of Whigs and Tories. <SEP> There would be great need soon for his skill as surgeon but somehow he had not planned to use his knowledge merely for war. David Cortlandt had certain psychic intuitions that this rebellion was not wholly what it appeared on the surface. <SEP> He knew that many were using it for their own ends. It did not matter. <SEP> He stropped the razor slowly what mattered was that a new concept of Americans was being born. That some men did not want it he could understand. <SEP> The moral aridity of merchants made them loyal usually to their ledgers. Some like Morris Manderscheid would bankrupt themselves for the new ideas. <SEP> Unique circumstances would test us all he decided. Injury and ingratitude would occur. <SEP> No doubt John Hancock would do well now war was a smugglers heaven. And what of that poor tarred and feathered wretch he had seen on the road driving down from Schuylers Things like that would increase rather than be done away with. <SEP> One had to believe in final events or one was stranded in the abyss of nothing. He saw with John Hunter now that the perfectability of man was a dream. <SEP> Life was a short play of tenebrous shadows. David began to shave with great sweeping strokes. <SEP> Time plays an essential part in our mortality and suddenly for no reason he could imagine -LRB- or admit -RRB- the image of Peg laughing filled his mind -- so desirable so lusty so full of nuances of pleasure and joy. He drove sensual patterns off carefully shaving his long upper lip. <SEP> It is harder he muttered to meditate on man -LRB- or woman -RRB- than on God. David finished shaving washed his face clean of lather and combed and retied his hair. <SEP> He was proud that he had never worn a wig. More and more of the colonials were wearing their own hair and not using powder. <SEP> He felt cheerful again refreshed presentable in his wide-cut brown suit the well-made riding boots. It is so easy to falsify sentiment. <SEP> In the meadow below militia officers shouted at their men and on Kings Bridge two boys sat fishing. The future would happen he did not have to hurry it by thinking too much. <SEP> A man could be tossed outside the dimension of time by a stray bullet these days. He began to pack the saddlebags. <SEP> All this too shall pass away : it came to him out of some dim corner of memory from a church service when he was a boy -- yes in a white church with a thin spur steeple in the patriarchal Hudson Valley where a feeling of plenitude was normal in those English-Dutch manors with their well-fed squires.
ck25.txt:Was in his mid-fifties at this time long past the establishment of his name and the wish to be lionized yet once again and it was almost a decade since he had sworn off lecturing. <SEP> There was never a doubt any more how his structures would be received it was always the same unqualified success now. He could no longer build anything whether a private residence in his Pennsylvania county or a church in Brazil without it being obvious that he had done it and while here and there he was taken to task for again developing the same airy technique they were such fanciful and sometimes even playful buildings that the public felt assured by its sense of recognition after a time a quality of authentic uniqueness about them which once established by an artist as his private vision is no longer disputable as to its other values. <SEP> Stowey Rummel was internationally famous a crafter of a genuine Americana in foreign eyes an original designer whose inventive childishness with steel and concrete was made even more believably sincere by his personality. He had lived for almost thirty years in this same stone farmhouse with the same wife a remarkably childish thing in itself he rose at half-past six every morning made himself some French coffee had his corn flakes and more coffee smoked four cigarettes while reading last Sundays Herald Tribune and yesterdays Pittsburgh Gazette then put on his high-topped farmers shoes and walked under a vine bower to his workshop. <SEP> This was an enormously long building whose walls were made of rocks some of them brought home from every continent during his six years as an oil geologist. The debris of his other careers was piled everywhere a pile of wire cages for mice from his time as a geneticist and a microscope lying on its side on the window sill vertical steel columns wired for support to the open ceiling beams with spidery steel cantilevers jutting out into the air masonry constructions on the floor from the time he was inventing his disastrous fireplace whose smoke would pass through a whole house visible all the way up through wire gratings on each floor. His files desk drafting board and a high stool formed the only clean island in the chaos. Everywhere else his ideas lay or hung in visible form : his models drawings ten-foot canvases in monochromes from his painting days and underfoot a windfall of broken-backed books that looked as though their insides had been ransacked by a maniac. <SEP> Bicycle gear-sets he had once used as the basis of the design for the Camden Cycly Company plant hung on a rope in one corner and over his desk next to several old and dusty hats was a clean pair of roller skates which he occasionally used up and down in front of his house. He worked standing with his left hand in his pocket as though he were merely stopping for a moment sketching with the surprised stare of one who was watching another persons hand. <SEP> Sometimes he would grunt softly to some invisible onlooker beside him sometimes he would look stern and moralistic as his pencil did what he disapproved. It all seemed -- if one could have peeked in at him through one of his windows -- as though this broken-nosed man with the muscular arms and wrestlers neck was merely the caretaker trying his hand at the bosss work. <SEP> This air of disengagement carried over to his apparent attitude toward his things and people often mistook it for boredom in him or a surrender to repetitious routine. He was not bored at all he had found his style quite early in his career and he thought it quite wonderful that the world admired it and he could not imagine why he should alter it. <SEP> There are after all fortunate souls who hear everything but only know how to listen to what is good for them and Stowey was as things go a fortunate man. He left his home the day after New Years wearing a mackinaw and sheepskin mittens and without a hat. <SEP> He would wear this same costume in Florida despite his wife Cleotas reminders over the past five days that he must take some cool clothes with him. He was too busy to hear what she was saying. <SEP> So they parted when she was in an impatient humor. When he was bent over behind the wheel of the station wagon feeling in his trouser cuffs for the ignition key which he had dropped a moment before she came out of the house with an enormous Rumanian shawl over her head which she had bought in that country during one of their trips abroad and handed him a clean handkerchief through the window. <SEP> Finding the key under his shoe he started the engine and while it warmed up he turned to her standing there in the dripping fog and said Defrost the refrigerator. He saw the surprise in her face and laughed as though it were the funniest expression he had ever seen. <SEP> He kept on laughing until she started laughing with him. He had a deep voice which was full of good food she had cooked and good humor an explosive laugh which always carried everything before it. <SEP> He would settle himself into his seat to laugh. Whenever he laughed it was all he was doing. <SEP> She was made to fall in love with him again there in the rutted dirt driveway standing in the cold fog mad as she was at his going away when he really didnt have to mad at their both having got older in a life that seemed to have taken no more than a week to go by. She was forty-nine at this time a lanky woman of breeding with an austere narrow face which had the distinction of a steeple or some architecture that had been designed long ago for a stubborn sort of prayer. <SEP> Her eyebrows were definite and heavy and formed two lines moving upward toward a high forehead and a great head of brown hair that fell to her shoulders. There was an air of blindness in her gray eyes the startled-horse look that ultimately comes to some women who are born at the end of an ancestral line long since divorced from money-making and which besides has kept its estate intact. <SEP> She was personally sloppy and when she had colds would blow her nose in the same handkerchief all day and keep it soaking wet dangling from her waist and when she gardened she would eat dinner with dirt on her calves. Just when she seemed to have sunk into some depravity of peasanthood she would disappear and come down bathed brushed and taking breaths of air and even with her broken nails her hands would come to rest on a table or a leaf with a thoughtless delicacy a grace of history so to speak and for an instant one saw how ferociously proud she was and adamant on certain questions of personal value. <SEP> She even spoke differently when she was clean and she was clean now for his departure and her voice clear and rather sharp. Now drive carefully for Gods sake She called trying to attain a half humorous resentment at his departure. <SEP> He did not notice and was already backing the car down to the road saying Toot-toot To the stump of a tree as he passed it the same stump which had impaled the car of many a guest in the past thirty years and which he refused to have removed. She stood clutching her shawl around her shoulders until he had swung the car onto the road. <SEP> Then when he had it pointed down the hill he stopped to gaze at her through the window. She had begun to turn back toward the house but his look caught her and she stood still waiting there for what his expression indicated would be a serious word of farewell. <SEP> He looked at her out of himself she thought as he did only for an instant at a time the look which always surprised her even now when his uncombable hair was yellowing a little and his breath came hard through his nicotine-choked lungs the look of the gaunt youth she had suddenly found herself staring at in the Tate Gallery on a Thursday once. Now she kept herself protectively ready to laugh again and sure enough he pointed at her with his index finger and said Toot Once more and roared off into the fog his foot evidently surprising him with the suddenness with which it pressed the accelerator just as his hand did when he worked. <SEP> She walked back to the house and entered feeling herself returning sensing some kind of opportunity in the empty building. There is a death in all partings she knew and promptly put it out of her mind. <SEP> She enjoyed great parties when she would sit up talking and dancing and drinking all night but it always seemed to her that being alone especially alone in her house was the realest part of life. Now she could let out the three parakeets without fear they would be stepped on or that Stowey would let them out one of the doors she could dust the plants then break off suddenly and pick up an old novel and read from the middle on improvise cha-chas on the harp and finally the best part of all simply sit at the plank table in the kitchen with a bottle of wine and the newspapers reading the ads as well as the news registering nothing on her mind but letting her soul suspend itself above all wishing and desire. <SEP> She did this now comfortably aware of the mist running down the windows of the silence outside of the dark afternoon it was getting to be. She fell asleep leaning on her hand hearing the house creaking as though it were a living a private life of its own these two hundred years hearing the birds rustling in their cages and the occasional whirring of wings as one of them landed on the table and walked across the newspaper to perch in the crook of her arm. <SEP> Every few minutes she would awaken for a moment to review things : Stowey yes was on his way south and the two boys were away in school and nothing was burning on the stove and Lucretia was coming for dinner and bringing three guests of hers. Then she fell asleep again as soddenly as a person with fever and when she awoke it was dark outside and the clarity was back in her eyes. <SEP> She stood up smoothing her hair down straightening her clothes feeling a thankfulness for the enveloping darkness outside and above everything else for the absence of the need to answer to respond to be aware even of Stowey coming in or going out and yet now that she was beginning to cook she glimpsed a future without him a future alone like this and the pain made her head writhe and in a moment she found it hard to wait for Lucretia to come with her guests. She went into the living room and turned on three lamps then back into the kitchen where she turned on the ceiling light and the switch that lit the floods on the barn illuminating the driveway. <SEP> She knew she was feeling afraid and inwardly laughed at herself. They were both so young after all so unready for any final parting. <SEP> How could it have been thirty years already she wondered yes nineteen plus thirty was forty-nine and she was forty-nine and she had been married at nineteen. <SEP> She stood still over the leg of lamb rubbing herbs into it quite suddenly conscious of a nausea in her stomach and a feeling of wrath a sensation of violence that started her shivering.
cn07.txt:Flat hard cap was small but he thrust it to the back of his head. <SEP> Tie him up. Hell with it. Before they could guess his intention Rankin stepped forward and swung the guards own gun against the uncovered head hard. <SEP> The man went over without sound falling to the bare floor. Barton said harshly Why did you do that <SEP> Rankin sneered at him. What did you want me to do kiss him <SEP> He dumped me in solitary twice. Barton caught the lighter mans shoulder and swung him around. <SEP> Lets get one thing straight you and me. The only reason we brought you was to get Miller out. <SEP> If you ever try anything without my orders Ill kill you. Fred Rankin looked at him. <SEP> It seemed to Barton that the green eyes mocked him the thin-lipped smile held insolence but he had no time to waste now. Come on. <SEP> Lets move. They filed out through the guard-room door into the paved square. <SEP> There were three other men within this prison whom Barton would have liked to liberate but they were in other cell blocks. There was no chance. <SEP> They moved slowly toward the main gate following the wall. There was no moon. <SEP> They had chosen this night purposely. They reached the guard house without alerting the men on the walls above and Powers slipped through the door. <SEP> Two men were on duty inside playing pinochle relaxed. They looked up in surprise as Powers came in. <SEP> What are you doing out of the block Its Curtiss he said naming the man Rankin had hit. <SEP> Ive got to have help. They stared at him. <SEP> The sergeant in charge climbed to his feet. Whats wrong with him <SEP> Hes having some kind of a fit. The sergeant turned to the door. <SEP> As he passed through it Barton shoved his gun against the mans side. One sound and youre dead. The sergeant froze. <SEP> Powers had not followed. Powers was covering the remaining guard. <SEP> The man half-reached for the cord of the alarm bell. Powers knocked his arm aside. <SEP> Deliberately with none of Rankins viciousness he laid the barrel of his gun alongside the guards head. They were free. <SEP> Even Barton could not quite believe it. It had gone without a hitch. <SEP> They slid through the wicket in the big gate ghosted across the dark ground. Five minutes later they reached the horses. <SEP> Barton was relieved to see that Carl Dill and Emmett Foster had brought extra mounts. He had been worried that with Miller and Rankin added to the escape party they would be short. <SEP> No one hurried. They walked the horses heading along the river Barton and Emmett Foster in the lead seven men riding quietly through the night. <SEP> The only thing which would have attracted attention was that two wore the uniform of prison guards three the striped suits of convicts. Five miles. In a small grove against the river they halted turning deep into the protection of the trees. <SEP> Foster had brought extra clothing also. A good man Emmett. He had been one of the original Night Riders one who had escaped the trial. <SEP> It was to him that Barton had sent Carl Dill on Dills release from the prison. Clyde Miller was crying softly to himself shedding his striped suit and fumbling into the nondescript butternut pants the worn brown shirt. <SEP> Kid Boyd was unusually silent Rankin watchful a few paces apart. Barton finished his dressing and extended his hand to Powers. <SEP> I wont even try to thank you. The ex-prison guard was embarrassed. <SEP> He said in a studied voice I didnt do it for you. I did it for the valley. <SEP> Youre the only man the Night Riders will follow. Weve been starving and I dont like to starve. <SEP> Barton turned away his eyes falling upon Rankin beside his horse. Good luck. The murderer lifted his head. <SEP> Meaning you want me to ride out You arent one of us. <SEP> Theres nothing for you here. I got no place to go. <SEP> Barton hesitated. He did not trust Rankin his violent temper his killer instinct. <SEP> Ten years in prison had taught him realities. They were in a fight outweighed in both numbers and money. <SEP> It was all right to put a bunch of ranchers onto horses to call them Night Riders to set out to attack the largest mining combination the country had ever seen if all they wanted was adventure. If they really hoped to succeed they needed professionals men who knew how to use a gun against men who would match the killers on the other side. <SEP> Your choice he said briefly and turned to Kid Boyd. Bury those uniforms so they wont be found. <SEP> Then Barton touched Carl Dills arm and moved off up the river bank. He wanted a careful uninterrupted report from Dill on the conditions in the valley. <SEP> They squatted on their heels in the deep mud and Dill found a cigar in his breast pocket passing it over silently. He too knew the agony of going for weeks sometimes months without the solace of tobacco. <SEP> Mitchell Barton drew in the fragrance deeply letting the smoke lie warm and soothing in his throat for a moment before he exhaled. Through the gloom he could not see the man beside him clearly but he knew him thoroughly. <SEP> For his first five years in prison they had shared a cell. Carl Dill was neither a rancher nor a valley man. <SEP> He had been the auditor for the mining syndicate and he had stolen fifty thousand dollars of the syndicates money. He had done time for the theft. <SEP> The one thing they had in common was their hatred. Both hated Donald Kruger. <SEP> It had drawn them together and since his release from prison Dill had worked tirelessly to effect this nights escape. He said now Ive got the perfect headquarters set up. The old Haskell mine. <SEP> Mitch Barton knew the place. Twenty years before a group of Easterners had bought out the Haskell claims in the rocky hills south of Grass Valley. <SEP> They had spent a million dollars carving in a road putting up buildings drilling their haulage tunnel. Then the vein had petered out and the whole project had been abandoned. <SEP> The roads washed badly said Dill but theres a trail you can get over with a horse. A company of cavalry couldnt come in there if two men were guarding that trail. <SEP> Barton nodded. How do the valley people feel As mad as ever. <SEP> Krugers men keep them off balance and they dont trust me. Im an outsider. <SEP> When they learn youre in the hills though theyll rally dont worry about that. Barton waited for a long moment then asked the question which lay always uppermost in his mind. My boy. <SEP> You find him Dill was silent as if he hated to answer and Barton had a cold sick feeling of apprehension. <SEP> Hes in Morgans Ferry. Barton half-straightened in surprise. <SEP> Whats he doing there Again Dill hesitated. <SEP> Dealing faro. Dealing faro How come <SEP> Your sister-in-law has the faro bank in Cap Ayres saloon. Barton cursed under his breath. <SEP> After another long pause he asked How many people know who they are Everyone. Your cousin Finley saw to that. <SEP> Hes quite a rat you know. He sold out to Krugers men. <SEP> Hes informed them of everything youve ever written him. He wants your ranch. <SEP> Barton stood up. He said tensely All right. <SEP> Lets go get the boy. Dill had come up also. <SEP> I was afraid of this. I almost didnt tell you. <SEP> If you hadnt Id have killed you. Dills voice tightened. <SEP> You cant ride into the Ferry. Thats what theyll expect you to do. <SEP> Theyll be there waiting for you. I understand how you feel about the child. <SEP> The hell you do. Bartons voice was rougher than Dill had ever heard it. <SEP> I never saw him. My wife died in childbirth after I was sent away. <SEP> I cant leave him there. Donald Kruger would like nothing better than to hold him as hostage and I wouldnt entrust a snake to his tender care. <SEP> Ive got to get the boy. Lets ride. Chapter two <SEP> Bartons men cut the telegraph wires in half a dozen places carrying away whole sections to make repairs more difficult. It was over an hour before their escape was discovered but still the news that Barton was free flashed across the central portion of the state. <SEP> It reached Donald Kruger in his massive home in Burlingame. It reached the mines at North San Juan and Bloomfield. <SEP> It brought men out of bed and sent them into hurried conferences. Everyone involved knew that the whole valley was a powder keg and Mitchell Barton the fuse which could send it into explosive violence. <SEP> Creighton Hague sat in his office above the Ione pit. The office was of logs four rooms each heated by an iron stove. <SEP> The building was dwarfed by the scene outside. There a dozen giant monitors played their seventy-five-foot jets of water against the huge seam of tertiary gravel which was the mountainside. <SEP> The gravel was the bed of an ancient river buckled in some prehistoric upheaval of earth. It was partially cemented by ages and pressure yet it crumpled before the onslaught of the powerful streams the force of a thousand fire hoses and with the gold it held washed down through the long sluices. A million dollars of gold a month. A million tons of rock and soil and brush. <SEP> The monitors ran twenty-four hours each day. Their roar like the swelling volume of a hundred tornadoes could be heard for miles. <SEP> Hague like all who worked near the pits was partly deafened from the constant assault against his eardrums. He was a big man wearing a neat flannel shirt against the cold foothill air. <SEP> Fat showed in loose rolls beneath the shirt. Ten years older than Mitch Barton he had clawed his way up from mucker in the pits to manager of the operation. <SEP> He was proud of his accomplishments proud of his job proud that Donald Kruger and his associates trusted him. He lived and breathed for the mining company. <SEP> No man could have reached his spot nor held it without being ruthless and Hague had made a virtue of ruthlessness all of his life. There came a ghost of noise at the office door and Hague swung to see Kodyke in the entrance from the outer room. <SEP> Hague had never accustomed himself to Kodyke. The man was tall thin with a narrow face and a too-large nose. <SEP> The eyes always held Hague eyes of a dead man lidless as a lizards with the fixed intensity of a cobra. Even Hague was repelled by the machinelike deadliness that was Kodyke. <SEP> He knew nothing about the mans history. Kodyke had appeared at the mine one day bearing a letter from Kruger. <SEP> Kodyke was to head the dread company police. He ran the change rooms. <SEP> He threw out the hi-graders. He supervised the cleanups and handled the shipments of raw gold which each week went out to San Francisco. <SEP> Hague squeezed down his uneasy dislike. He pulled open the top drawer of his desk and drew out a tintype. <SEP> This is Mitchell Barton. He broke out of Folsom last night. <SEP> Apparently he bribed one of the guards. We want him back there or we want him dead. <SEP> Kodyke took the picture in a lean hand studying it thoughtfully. Dangerous Dangerous yes. You know how the ranchers in the valley are. <SEP> They blame us for all their troubles. Ten years ago they blew up some of our ditches. <SEP> It cost us a hundred thousand dollars and thirty days lost time to fix them. We dont want Bartons Night Riders loose again. <SEP> The gunman nodded slipping the picture into his breast pocket saying nothing. Normally Hague wasted no words but now he found himself unable to stop their flow although he knew Kodyke was aware of all he said.
cl13.txt:Son watched until he got as far as the hall almost out of sight then hurried after. Dad. <SEP> Dad wait. He caught up with the old man in the living room. <SEP> Old man Arthur had put down the suitcase to open the front door. Just this one favor Dad. Just dont tell Ferguson that crazy opinion of yours. Why not <SEP> The old man gave the room a stare in leaving under the scraggly brows the pale old eyes burned with a bitter memory. Its the truth. <SEP> The Bartlett girl was killed by Mr. Dronks son. Rossi and Ferguson have been across the street talking to the kid. <SEP> Theyve found some sort of new evidence a bundle of clothes or something and it must link the kid even stronger to the crime. Why wont you accept facts <SEP> The two kids were together a lot they were having some kind of teen-age affair -- God knows how far that had gone -- and the kids crippled. He limps and the man who hit you and took the cane he limped. <SEP> My God how much more do you want His father looked him over closely. <SEP> You sound like an old woman. You should have gone to work todaystead of sneaking around spying on the Dronk house. <SEP> Now see here -- The trouble with you old man Arthur began and then checked himself. Young Mrs. Arthur had opened the oven and there was a drifting odor of hot biscuits. <SEP> The old man opened the door and stepped out into the sunlight. Isnt enough time to go into it he finished and slammed the door in his sons face. <SEP> Mrs. Holden turned from the window draperies. They found something else up there she said half-aloud to the empty room. <SEP> They took it away overalls or something. She walked restlessly across the room then back to the windows. <SEP> Now theyve gone they didnt come back and they didnt arrest that Dronk boy. She stood frowning and chewing her lip. <SEP> She was wearing a brown cotton dress cut across the hips in a way that was supposed to make her look slimmer a yoke set into the skirt and flaring pleats below. She smoothed the skirt sat down then stood up and went back to the windows. <SEP> Why on earth did I send him off to work There was excuse enough to keep him home that young Mr. Arthurs still over there. <SEP> With sudden energy she went to the phone and rang Holdens office and asked for him. I think you had better come home. <SEP> Mae were so busy. Mr. Crossons been on everybodys neck an order he expected didnt come through and hes -- <SEP> I dont care. I want you here. <SEP> Im all alone and certain things are going on that look very ominous. I need someone to go out and find out whats happening. <SEP> I couldnt do that even if I were home His voice grew high and trembling. <SEP> I cant be underfoot every time those cops turn around Theyll theyll think I did something. <SEP> He couldnt see the grin that split her mouth the teeth that shone into the phone were like a sharks. Youll just have to risk it. <SEP> You cant wander along in the dark can you Id think that you even more than I would be wondering what theyre up to. <SEP> They found some clothes she tossed in. What Deliberately she ignored the yelp. <SEP> Also that Mr. Ferguson was here. I guess he wants to ask you some questions. <SEP> I stalled him off. He doesnt expect you until five. <SEP> Then Id better wait until five. No-o-o. Come home right away. <SEP> She slapped the receiver into its holder and stepped away. Her eyes were bright with anticipation. <SEP> In his office Mr. Holden replaced the phone slowly. He rose from his chair. <SEP> He had to cough then he went to the window and choked there with the fresh breeze on his face. He got his hat out of the closet. <SEP> For a moment he thought of going into Crossons office to explain that he had to leave but there was now such a pain in his chest such a pounding in his head that he decided to let it go. He passed the receptionist in the outer office muttering Ive got to go out for a little while. <SEP> Let her call Crosson if she wanted to let Crosson raise the roof or even can him he didnt care. He got into the car. <SEP> Putting the key into the switch pressing the accelerator with his foot putting the car into reverse seemed vast endeavors almost beyond the ability of his shaking body. Once out in the street the traffic was a gadfly maze in which he wandered stricken. <SEP> When he turned into the highway that led to the outskirts of the city and then rose toward home he had to pull over to the curb and wait for a few minutes sucking in air and squinting and blinking his eyes to clear them of tears. What on earth was in Maes mind that she wanted him up there spying on what the cops were doing <SEP> What did she think he could do He tried to ignore what his own common sense told him but it wasnt possible her motives were too blatant. <SEP> She wanted him to get into trouble. She wanted the police to notice him suspect him. <SEP> She was going to keep on scheming poking prodding suggesting and dictating until the cops got up enough interest in him to go back to their old neighborhood and ask questions. He knew in that moment with a cold sinking of despair a dying of old hopes that Mae had spread some kind of word there among the neighbors. Nothing bald open but enough. <SEP> Theyd have some suspicions to repeat to the police. Though his inner thoughts cringed at it he forced himself to think back recreating the scene in which Mae claimed to have caught him molesting the child. <SEP> It hadnt amounted to anything. There had been nothing evil or dirty in his intentions. <SEP> A second scene flashed before his mind the interior of the garage at the new house and the young Bartlett girl turning startled to meet him the dim dark and the sudden confusion and fear and then the brightness as Mae had clicked on the light. Suppose the cops somehow got hold of that <SEP> Well it hadnt been what it seemed hed had no idea the girl was in there. He hadnt touched her. <SEP> When he came to examine the scene there was a certain staginess to it it had the smell of planning and a swift suspicion darted into his mind. Too monstrous of course. Mae wouldnt have plotted a thing like that. <SEP> It was just that little accidents played into her hands. Like this murder. He leaned on the wheel clutching it staring into the sunlight and tried to bring order into his thoughts. <SEP> He felt light-headed and sick. There was no use wandering off into a territory of utter nightmare. <SEP> Mae was his wife. She was married to him for better or for worse. <SEP> She wouldnt be wilfully planning his destruction. She was. <SEP> She was. Even as the conviction of truth roared through him shattering his last hope of safety he was reaching to release the hand brake to head up the road for home doing her bidding. <SEP> He drove and the road wobbled familiar scenes crept past on either side. He came to a stretch of old orange groves the trees dead some of them uprooted and then there was an outlying shopping area and tract houses. <SEP> He had the feeling that he should abandon the car and run off somewhere to hide. He couldnt imagine where. <SEP> There was really no place to go finally except home to Mae. At the gate he slowed looking around. <SEP> Cooper was beside his car on the curb at the right just standing there morosely he didnt even look up. Behind him on the steps of the little office sat old man Arthur he was straight something angry in his attitude as if he might be waiting to report something. <SEP> Holden stepped on the gas. A new idea drifted in from nowhere. <SEP> He could go to the police. He could tell them his fears of being involved he could explain what had happened in the old neighborhood and how Mae had misunderstood and how she had held it over him -- the scene was complete in his mind at the moment even to his own jerkings and snivelings and Fergusons silent patience. <SEP> He could throw himself on the mercy of the Police Department. It wasnt what Mae would want him to do though. <SEP> He was sure of this. Once he had abandoned himself to the very worst once he had quieted all the dragons of worry and suspense there wouldnt be very much for Mae to do. <SEP> At that moment Holden almost slammed on the brakes to go back to Cooper and ask if Ferguson was about. It would be such a relief. <SEP> What was that old sign supposed to be painted over a door somewhere Abandon hope all ye who enter here Why Holden said to himself surprised at his own sudden insight Ill bet some of those people who enter are just as happy as can be. <SEP> Theyve worried theyve lain awake nights theyve shook at the slightest footstep theyve pictured their own destruction and now its all over and they can give up. Sure theyre giving up hope. <SEP> Hand in hand with hope went things like terror and apprehension. Good-bye. Holden waved a hand at the empty street. Glad to see you go. <SEP> He drove into the paved space before the garage and got out slamming the car door. He looked up and down the street. <SEP> If Fergusons car had been in sight Holden would have walked directly to it. He went to the front door and opened it and looked in. <SEP> Mae entered the room from the hallway to the kitchen. She had a cup of something steaming coffee perhaps in one hand a fresh piece of toast in the other. <SEP> She stood there watching Holden come in and she put the piece of toast in her mouth and bit off one corner with a huge chomp of her white teeth. Mae -- Ive been thinking she said swallowing the toast. <SEP> You have an old pair of painting overalls in the garage You used them that time you painted the porch at our other house. <SEP> And then you wiped up some grease. She had caught him off guard no preparation nothing certain but that ahead lay some kind of disaster. No. <SEP> Wait a minute. What do you -- <SEP> Ive been looking for them and theyre gone. Im sure they were in the garage up until a couple of days ago. Or even yesterday. <SEP> You used to paint in them and then you just took them for rags. The police have them now. <SEP> I dont remember any overalls at all. They were all faded. <SEP> Worn through at the knees. She stood sipping and chewing and watching. <SEP> Green paint wasnt it Well Im not sure of the color. <SEP> You had them. Mae sit down. <SEP> Put down the cup of coffee. Tell me what this is all about. <SEP> She shook her head. She took another bite of toast. <SEP> Holden noticed almost absently how she chewed how the whole side of her cheek moved a slab of fat that extended down into her neck. My goodness you ought to remember if I do. <SEP> Youre going to have to go to the police and explain what happened. Tell them the truth or something before they come here. <SEP> A seeping coldness entered Holdens being his nerves seemed frost-bitten down to the tips of his tingling fingers and his spine felt stiff and glass-like liable to break like an icicle at any moment. Ive never owned any painting overalls.
cl03.txt:Fat man said All we gotta do is go around the corner. <SEP> The gun moved. The thin man said That-a-way. -- second building on the right. <SEP> It says police right on the door. Even if we was as dumb as you take us for we could still find it. <SEP> Roberta and Dave began to back toward the door. The thin man waved the gun again. <SEP> He said Right around the corner. It says water works but there is a policeman on duty too. A night policeman just like in the States. <SEP> You know Canada doesnt have much of this here juvenile delinquency problem but we keep a night policeman all the same on account of the crazy tourists. <SEP> At the door Dave paused to feel for the latch. Roberta glanced up at her husband. <SEP> He was going to be sensible and not try to do anything rash with that gun pointed at him. She measured the distance from where they stood to the men and the gun measured the distance from the men to the back room. <SEP> She decided to risk it. There was something phony about all this gun waving -- something not quite what it seemed in the detailed directions for finding the police. <SEP> Dave had the latch under his thumb now and he removed his arm from his wife in order to pull the door open. In a flash she was away to the back paying no attention to three angry shouts from the male throats. <SEP> She tore open the back door. It was dark inside the room but enough light spilled from the restaurant behind her to enable her to make out a round table with a green cloth top. <SEP> There was a small sideboard with some empty beer bottles on it and perhaps fifteen wooden chairs. Slowly she turned to face the men again. <SEP> Rat-face at the counter was on his feet. The distance between where she stood and where Dave waited at the outside door was a hundred miles. <SEP> Keeping her frightened gaze on the men at the counter she began to feel her way to the door. She sidled along the booths one step at a time. <SEP> The gun followed her. As she reached Dave and felt his arm go around her felt him pull her to the safety of his person she knew with the certainty of despair that something bad had happened to Lauren. <SEP> The two men watched as Dave closed the door behind them watched them cross the sidewalk to their car. It was getting light. <SEP> The fat man removed his apron put on a greasy and wrinkled jacket and zipped it over his paunch. The thin man moved swiftly to the phone and dialed a number. <SEP> When he was answered he said Albert Vince. Im sending you a couple of customers -- yeah -- just get them out of my hair and keep them out -- I dont give a damn what you tell them -- only dont believe a word they say -- theyre out to make trouble for me and it is up to you to stop them -- I dont care how -- and one more thing -- Cates Cafe closed at eleven like always last night and Rose and Clarence Corsi left for Quebec yesterday -- some shrine or other -- I think it was called Saint Simons -- yeah yesterday. <SEP> Got it He turned from the phone and strode to the front of the restaurant. <SEP> The white Buick hadnt moved away yet. Good. A line of worry formed a twitch pulled his mouth over to one side. <SEP> He said Grosse You aint kidding me -- the kid dont know the name of this town <SEP> I aint kidding you Vince. How could she <SEP> She musta been walking in her sleep -- you seen her yourself in here. Howda I know <SEP> Remember how she looked when Barney held the door for her Kinda like a zombie She was just waking up when we found her at the garage. <SEP> Vince swore. Stupid fools -- aint got enough brains between the two of you -- Grosse muttered his head down one hand playing with the zipper on his jacket. <SEP> Had enough brains to call ya up so as ya could do sompin about it when the parents -- I coulda let her go go -- His eyes were lowered so he couldnt have seen the narrow pointed face of his companion suddenly writhe with fury but he was aware of it just the same. He knew Vince Steiner was one of those men who had to work up a fury once in a while just to prove how dangerous he could be. <SEP> With a curse Vince seized the thing nearest a glass sugar container with a spouted metal top and threw it against the wall opposite. The heavy glass didnt break but the top flew off sugar sprayed with a hiss that was loud in the silence. <SEP> Not really startled but careful to appear so Grosse sucked noisily on his pipe. Vince cursed steadily. <SEP> Why does everything have to happen to me Grosse quietly got a broom and started to sweep up the sugar. <SEP> Vince watched him. His mouth worked over the profanity the obscenities in his vocabulary. <SEP> Once he said Whyn hell didnt you look in the back seat of the car before you drove off you and Barney ever use your brains <SEP> The fat man didnt answer. He got one of the menus and brushed the spilled sugar onto it and carried it to a box on the floor behind the counter. <SEP> He returned the menu to its place between catchup bottle and paper napkin dispenser. He spoke soothingly. <SEP> She dont know nothing about them cars. She thinks shes in a ordinary garage. <SEP> How do you know stupid put Cates gun back. <SEP> I know. Grosse tucked the gun under the counter. <SEP> One word of this gets to Guardino -- Whos telling Guardino <SEP> Vince swore again. You get that kid over to Roses house. <SEP> The fat man winced. He ran a finger down his cheek tracing the scratch there. <SEP> Why cant I leave her locked up in the tool crib The thin man stopped his pacing long enough to glance at the clock. <SEP> You and Barney get her over to Roses before it gets too light. After Guardinos left well dump the kid somewhere near the border where she kin get home. <SEP> God help you if she knows where shes been. Grosse spread his hands. <SEP> What am I going to do with her all day In the tool crib she cant get away. <SEP> What the hell do I care what you do with her all day Just get her where Guardino wont see her and start asking questions. <SEP> Grosse swore now. Dammit all Vince. I aint no baby sitter. <SEP> Vince shouted finally Get her over to Roses and Ill come by and see that she stays put. Grosse rubbed the bridge of his nose where it was swollen. <SEP> He spoke sullenly. You dont haf ta get nasty. <SEP> I wish you luck when you try scaring that kid. Suddenly he grinned. <SEP> His voice lost its sullen tones and he chuckled. I got one question. <SEP> What is it Impatiently. You a poor dumb Canadian or a smart aleck from the States <SEP> Vince lifted his hand as if to strike but his thin lips spread in a smile. Grosse ducked and sniggered. <SEP> Whered you say you was born In a Chicago slum just like you. I aint going back there on account of one lousy kid. <SEP> Lauren Landis rubbed her face against the blanket. She had cried a little because she was frightened. <SEP> She could easily understand why the two men had been startled to find a strange girl in the back seat of their car -LRB- she had figured that out -RRB- but she couldnt understand their subsequent actions. It because she had shown panic <SEP> Who could blame her for that It was one thing to awaken outside a restaurant where your parents were eating and quite another to awaken in a strange garage and know your parents had gone on home without you. <SEP> She was glad the fat man had left. Barney was not really frightening. <SEP> She jumped as the little man now appeared at the window and reaching through the opening offered her a bottle of coke. She smiled at him wetly. <SEP> Although she found she was thirsty she was about to refuse -LRB- never never take candy from a strange man -RRB- when she saw the bottle was unopened. He placed a bottle opener on the counter. <SEP> He understood her panic. She blew her nose on a tissue and opened the coke bottle. <SEP> It was icy cold and tasted delicious. She felt a lift in spirit. <SEP> When she was finished she pushed it back. The man was busy doing something to the inside of the door-frame on the drivers side of a car. <SEP> She called softly Barney. He looked in her direction but he didnt answer. <SEP> She said Barney why is he keeping me here Still no answer. He seemed to be looking at a point above the little window. <SEP> Lauren said Why cant I call my home Or borrow some money from someone and go home by bus I could send the money right back. <SEP> Barney finished the cigarette he had been smoking. He dropped it and carefully ground it to nothing with the sole of his heavy shoe. <SEP> Now he looked at her. He said I only work here. <SEP> Lauren said Please he was back at work on a car. <SEP> She dropped her head on her arms on the counter. How could he be kind one moment and cruel the next <SEP> he know something that made him feel sad and sorry for her was he afraid to do anything as definite as releasing her <SEP> Her heart was thumping painfully the unknown was so much worse than -- what dangers lay ahead for her What awful thing had she to face in the next few hours <SEP> Something wet and hot was trickling on her wrists. Tears With a sturdy act of will she turned her mind away from herself as long as she could do nothing constructive about the situation she was in she would think about something else. Her mother and father for instance. <SEP> Where were they now In her mind she followed the white Buick along the road somewhere between here and the Niagara River. <SEP> Her fathers attention would be on the road ahead and it wouldnt deviate an inch until he crossed the bridge at the Falls and took the River Road to LaSalle and finally turned in at their own driveway at Heather Heights. Then he would yawn and stretch and shout All out. <SEP> This is the end of the line. What would her mother be doing right now <SEP> Her mother would be fast asleep curled up against that wonderful big safe solid shoulder next to her on the front seat. Lauren Landis was in trouble and she was alone. <SEP> Roberta Landis put her hand on her husbands arm as he slid in the drivers seat beside her. Somewhere birds were sweetly calling were answered. <SEP> Her teeth chattered so that she made three attempts at speech before she became intelligible. Dave. I saw that womans apron behind the door. <SEP> There was a wet spot -- she couldnt have been gone long. Dave made some sound meant to convey agreement. <SEP> He inserted the car key in the lock. Roberta was violently trembling. <SEP> She stammered You heard what he said about police Why dont we drive around the corner <SEP> The car door crashed shut. The engine throbbed into life. <SEP> Dave said I got the message. Were going. <SEP> Roberta said no. You go. <SEP> Walk. Suppose Lauren comes looking for us <SEP> I can sit here in the car while you walk around the corner. The big car sprang away from the curb like something alive. <SEP> He said Im not going to leave my wife and my car out here in sight of those -- Roberta glanced at him and stopped trembling.
cp05.txt:Momoyama family had come from Miyagi Prefecture in the northeast of the main Japanese island of Honshu where there are still traces of the mysterious Ainu strain. <SEP> The Ainus were a primitive people already living on the island before the principal ancestors of the Japanese came from Southern Asia. Apparently they were of Caucasian blood. <SEP> They had white skins and blue eyes all their men were bearded and many of their women were beautiful. A pitiful few of them are left now to subsist mainly on the tourist trade and to sing their ancient tribal chants which have the same haunting sadness as the laments of the American Indians. <SEP> Most of them have been assimilated but sometimes a man in Miyagi or Akita prefectures is much more hairy than the average Japanese and occasionally a girl will be strikingly lovely her coloring warmed and improved by a little of the tawny honey-in-the-sun tint of the invaders from the South. Tommy Momoyama was one of these fortunate occasions. <SEP> She was taller than most Japanese girls and had the exquisitely willowy form of the Japanese girl who is lucky enough to be tall. Her nose was higher of bridge her complexion so pale as to be quite susceptible to sunburn and the fish and vegetable diet of her forebears had given her teeth that were white and regular and strong. <SEP> Her mouth soft and full was something for any man to dream about. She had black eyes long and intriguingly tilted and the way she walked was melody. <SEP> She had been in Japan just one week. It was an alien land and she hated it intensely she was already considering putting in rebellious requests for duty at San Diego Bremerton the Great Lakes Pensacola -- any place the Navy had a hospital -- with a threat to resign her commission if the request were not granted. <SEP> Anywhere would be better than the land of her ancestors. There was nothing wrong with her job. <SEP> Tommy had been assigned to the psychopathic ward. There were no depressingly serious cases : the ward doctor sometimes teamed up with the chaplain to serve as a marriage counselor -- sometimes the Navy sent people back to the States to preserve a marriage -- but mental health as a rule was very high. <SEP> At present the doctors main concern was in seeing to it that Japanese salvage firms were not permitted to operate on the hulks of warships sunk too close inshore because the work involved setting off nerve-shattering blasts at all hours. Tommy was interested in psychiatry because there was much an understanding nurse could do to help the patients. <SEP> She suffered in her off-duty hours. Such as now when she sat at a table in the coffee shop at the Officers Club having coffee and a hamburger to sustain her until dinnertime. She had changed into a cocktail dress and the whole evening should have been before her but already she was beginning to get a tight feeling at the back of her neck. <SEP> This was one of the Navys crossroads -- you find them all around the world. Ships from the West Coast rotated on six-month tours of duty with the Seventh Fleet and Yokosuka was the Seventh Fleets principal port for maintenance upkeep and shore liberty. <SEP> Sooner or later all the gray Navy ships came in here if Tommy sat long enough she would be sure to see all the young officers she had met in San Diego and Long Beach. She wanted desperately to see someone she had known back there. <SEP> She felt rather than saw the approach of the good-looking young man. He came through from the Fleet Bar which was stag with the ice cubes tinkling in a glass he carried. <SEP> When he saw Tommy sitting alone the tinkling sound stopped. He was perhaps a trifle tipsy having been long at sea where drinking is not permitted and consequently out of practice he wore a brown tweed sports jacket obviously tailored in Hong Kong and he was of an age that marked him as a lieutenant. Probably off one of the carriers -- an aviator. <SEP> There was a fifty-fifty chance perhaps that he would be unmarried and an even more slender chance that his approach would be different. Japan did something to a man -- and it wasnt just Japan either because the same thing applied anywhere overseas. <SEP> It was as if foreign duty implied and excused license it intimated that the folks at home would never know about it and therefore why not Then the young man in the brown sports jacket spoke and it was no different. Harro girl-san <SEP> He said turning on what was meant to be charm. You catchee boy-furiendo <SEP> Maybe you likee date with me I beg your pardon Tommy said out of her cold rage. <SEP> I dont believe I know you and I cant understand your quaint brand of English -- it was meant to be English wasnt it The nice-looking young officer fell back on his heels open-mouthed and blushing. <SEP> At least he had the decency to blush she thought. Oh -- Im sorry <SEP> You see I thought -- I mean I really had no idea -- Oh yes -- you had ideas Tommy interrupted furiously. All wrong ones <SEP> Then she jerked her thumb toward the door in a very American gesture and dropped into Navy slang. Take off fly-boy <SEP> Uh -- sorry He muttered and took off obviously feeling like a fool. The trouble was that there was no lasting satisfaction in this for Tommy. <SEP> She felt like a fool too. It hadnt been this way in college or in nurses training it wasnt this way in the hospital at San Diego. <SEP> Everybody had accepted her for what she was -- a very charming girl. Nobody had addressed her in broken English at any of those places nobody had suggested that she wasnt American. <SEP> There are Spanish girls who look like Tommy Momoyama brunettes with a Moorish hint of the Orient in their faces there are beauties from the Balkan states who are similarly endowed and -- back in the blessed United States -- they were regarded simply as pretty women. Now having been sent halfway around the world on a job she had not asked for Tommy was being humiliated at every turn. <SEP> She looked around self-consciously. Four little Japanese waitresses were murdering the English language at the counter -- Yuki Kobayashi happened to be one of them. <SEP> Everybody but Tommy seemed to think it was charming when they called Bifutek-san For a steak sandwich or Kohi Futotsu For one cup of coffee. Two other Japanese girls were sitting at the tables both quite pretty and well groomed. <SEP> One was with a whitehaired and doting lieutenant commander the other was with her American husband and their exceptionally appealing children. Seeing these did nothing for Tommys mood. <SEP> She told herself rebelliously and with pride I am an American so she was and would remain. <SEP> She was learning that so long as she was in this country and wore civilian dress in the Club there would always be transient young men who would approach her with broken English. There had been occasions when some of the more experienced had even addressed her in what might have been perfectly good Japanese. <SEP> Tommy wouldnt know after coming to America her parents had spoken only English. One thing was becoming increasingly sure. <SEP> She had been sent to the wrong place for duty. There was more to service in the Navy Nurse Corps than the hours in the ward. <SEP> One had to have friends and a congenial life in after-duty hours. Now there was raucous male singing from the Fleet Bar. <SEP> It was terribly off key and poorly done and Tommy could never admit to herself that male companionship was a very natural and important thing but all at once she felt lonesome and put-upon. She finished her hamburger and drank her coffee and paid her check she got out of the coffee shop before the incident could be repeated. <SEP> Eating while angry had given her a slight indigestion. Back in her living quarters at the hospital she took bicarbonate of soda and sulked. <SEP> Then after a while she went to her mirror. It was all true. <SEP> She certainly looked Japanese and perhaps she could not really blame the young men. Still they did not have to be so crude in their approach. <SEP> There was a letter to write to her mother and she tried to make its tone cheerful. She promised that she would soon take a few days leave and visit the uncle she had never seen on the island of Oyajima -- which was not very far from Yokosuka. <SEP> Tomorrow she would take time to shop for the kimono her mother wanted to present to the young wife of a faculty member as a hostess gown. Tommy of course had never heard of a kotowaza or Japanese proverb which says Tanin yori miuchi and is literally translated as Relatives are better than strangers. <SEP> Actually this is only another way of saying that blood is thicker than water. Doc Doolittles scheduled appearance at captains mast was a very unusual thing because the discipline dispensed there is ordinarily for the young and immature and a chief is naturally expected to stay off the report. <SEP> The beer hall riot in Subic had been unusual too and Walt Perry was convinced that Doc had started it through some expert tactics in rabble rousing. Just why anybody should wish to start a riot the executive officer didnt know. <SEP> In his opinion Doc had not grown up. The lieutenant was not entirely wrong in the belief. <SEP> There had never been a good reason for Doc Doolittle to grow up. He had come into the Navy too young with the image of the fun-loving Guns Appleby before him. <SEP> The war found him much too early and its perils -- and especially its awful boredom -- were best forgotten in horseplay and elaborate practical jokes and even now Doc had never found any stabilizing sobering influence. He remained young at heart with an overdeveloped sense of humor. <SEP> He wisecracked about the captains indoctrination of new men took great delight in slaughtering cockroaches with ethyl chloride and gave no thought for tomorrow. He was doing thirty years and the Navy would take care of him. <SEP> The job security enjoyed by Doc Doolittle and nearly all members of the Armed Forces is a wonderful thing. Actually all a man in uniform has to do is to get by. <SEP> He may not rise to the heights but he can get by and eventually be retired. Doc had been under restriction to the ship since the Bustard left Subic. <SEP> This deprived him of liberty in Hong Kong but he told Boats McCafferty that Hong Kong was a book he had read before and the Navy would always bring him there again some day. At Yokosuka he was restricted to the confines of the Base because Walt Perry being thoughtful knew that Doc might have to draw some medical supplies from the hospital or the Supply Base. <SEP> This gave Doc the whole range of the naval establishment and suited him quite well. There were two things he wanted to do : inspect one of the many caves that had been dug into the hills on the Naval Base and visit an old shipmate. <SEP> A telephone line had been hooked up to connect the ship with the Base exchange. After supper Doc called Whitey Gresham who was now a lieutenant and had a family. <SEP> Well Doc you old sonofabitch Whitey exclaimed with true affection. Come over and have a drink. <SEP> We live down by the Base commissary. Grab a taxi. <SEP> Ill be there but Ill walk Doc said. Ive got to run an errand on the way. <SEP> See you in about an hour. He threw a smart salute at the gangway went up the dock and turned down the wide street in front of the Petty Officers Club.
cl19.txt:He pulled out the hand throttle until the boat was moving at little more than a crawl and watched Elaine rapidly spin from one station to another tune in the null then draw in a line on the chart. <SEP> Were out just a little too far. Make a degree straight for shore. <SEP> Poet came in raising his eyebrows appreciatively as he saw Elaine. Now He asked. <SEP> Pretty quick she replied. You drop the anchor <SEP> Poet nodded swung below and a moment later emerged from the forward hatch where he picked up the anchor. The rock and roll music coming from the radio station suddenly faded as the boat coasted into the null on the Afj. <SEP> Reverse Elaine said then peered through the loop of the RDF and waved to Poet. A second later she came behind the wheel and backed off the anchor line until it was set in the ocean floor. <SEP> She cut the engines and slowly the cruiser swung around on the end of its lines until its bow was pointing into the wind and the cockpit faced toward the shore. Nick watched her somewhat enviously as she efficiently cut the engines and started the auxiliary motor. <SEP> Poet came up from below wearing new bathing trunks. The price tag hung from the belt and he pulled it off as he entered the chartroom and looked at it curiously. <SEP> Nick wondered if Elaine had bought them but he said nothing. Nobody he suddenly realized was saying anything. <SEP> It seemed as if they were all under a spell. There should be an excited conversation for somewhere directly below them was a treasure lost for more than four hundred years. <SEP> Instead of chatter there was a null like on the radio direction finder. Once in New York he had gone flying with some friends in a small private airplane with a single engine. <SEP> They had all been laughing joking when suddenly the engine had failed. No one had screamed. <SEP> No one had prayed. All had fallen into a complete silence listening to the wind whistle over the wings. <SEP> The pilot had been good. Hed landed the plane on a small airstrip in Connecticut and as soon as the aircraft had coasted to a stop everyone had burst into chatter at the same moment. <SEP> There had been tension in the plane during the silent descent a tension similar to the one now. In the plane there was a concrete reason for it. <SEP> Now at this moment there should be none unless skin diving was much more dangerous than he had been led to believe. Tension existed. <SEP> The same taut-nerved relationship as there had been between the passengers on the plane now strained at the three of them here on the boat. It hung over them like a cloud its arrival as sudden as a cloud skidding over the sun. <SEP> Silently Elaine picked up her keys from the table and went out into the cockpit Poet behind her Nick trailing behind him. She threw back a cushion over one of the seats unlocked a padlock on the chest beneath it then presently straightened holding a long knife and a wicked looking spear gun in her hand. <SEP> Poet whistled softly as he looked at the gun. Hydraulic He asked. <SEP> Elaine nodded. They are the best. <SEP> She kicked the locker lid shut and replaced the cushion. They are the most efficient. <SEP> And the deadliest Poet commented as he buckled on his tank harness. Why do you need an arsenal Nick asked apprehensively staring at the weapon. <SEP> Its quite possible theres more than codfish down there man Poet replied with a short nervous laugh as he held the harness for Elaine. A moment later moving awkwardly because of the swimming fins she picked up the gun handed the knife to Poet then rolled off the transom of the boat back first. <SEP> Poet nodded to Nick and entered the water in a similar fashion. Another moment and they were out of sight leaving behind only a string of bubbles as a clue to their whereabouts. For a while Nick followed the twisting course of the bubbles wondering which set came from Elaine. <SEP> They remained close together their air trail wiggling like serpents traveling side by side. Eventually the bubbles became lost in the sparkle of the ocean surface and he rolled over on his back. <SEP> Clasping his hands behind his head he stared at the blue sky. There was nothing quite like being alone on a boat on the ocean. <SEP> Alfredo certainly must have enjoyed being alone. Next to the ocean probably the loneliest spot was the desert. <SEP> If Elaines uncle had stuck to this desire for aloneness he probably would still be alive. Alfredo wanted money wanted money to roam through the deserts. <SEP> Graham wanted money probably to roam among the dice tables in Las Vegas. It was an odd combination a strange pair to stumble upon the wreck of the Trinidad. <SEP> Graham hadnt stumbled on it. Two to three weeks prior to the charter of the Virginia Graham had been snooping around the San Luis Rey Mission. <SEP> The small helicopter with its two steel skids churned offshore and Nick raised up to watch it heading south. That was a hell of a note he thought. <SEP> A couple couldnt even find a secluded spot anywhere on a beach to neck nowadays without someone swooping down upon them. If the character flying that thing had gone over San Clemente Island yesterday he would have had an eyeful. <SEP> Off to the west a beautiful schooner slowly beat its way into the wind headed on a tack toward San Clemente. Behind it a cabin cruiser drifted crossways in the small ground-swell a lone fisherman in the chair aft. <SEP> The fisherman was right in the middle of the Deep. Nick recalled stories that the two best fishing spots in Southern California were over the La Jolla Deep and the Redondo Deep two spots where the ocean dropped off to fantastic depths almost from the shoreline. <SEP> Someday geologists had warned the land on both sides of these deeps would fall into the ocean and no more La Jolla or Redondo Beach. Meanwhile fishermen took advantage of them to pull up whoppers. <SEP> Sometimes the fish exploded as they neared the surface because of the difference in pressure. Why he wondered had Elaine wanted him along on this trip <SEP> He couldnt skindive he couldnt run a boat except on the open sea. He stood up stretched looked around for the bubbles but could see none. <SEP> Strolling down to the galley he lit the butane under the coffee pot and when the brew was heated poured himself a cup and went up to the chartroom. Turning on the hi-fi he went back to the cockpit stretched out on the cushions and listened to the music. <SEP> Elaine and Poet returned together popping up over the transom almost like dolphins breaking water. He sat up and watched as they pulled themselves over the stern. <SEP> Any luck He asked. Poet shook his head sliding his face mask up on his forehead. <SEP> Were right on the edge of the Deep Elaine said. Pulling off her face mask she carefully placed the spear gun across the stern then lifted her wet hair from her back and squeezed out the water. <SEP> Which is a break as the area to search is less than a square mile she added as she swung her legs over the transom. Any news Not a thing. He tossed her a towel then repeated the service for Poet. Cigarette <SEP> Elaine shook her head as she slipped out of her harness but Poet nodded. His feet still hung over the stern of the transom but as he reached for the smoke he raised them to swing them in. <SEP> The fin on his foot caught on the moulding throwing him off balance. His forearm smashed painfully into the narrow washboard and he grimaced as he grabbed his bruised limb with his other hand and rolled into the boat. Kee-reist <SEP> The word hissed distinctly from Poets lips as he struggled to his feet. Nicks body became rigid. <SEP> Turning slowly he saw Poet in a brilliant glare of horror. Poet His face was still creased in pain as he studied the underside of his arm. Poet a murderer <SEP> Turning quickly toward Elaine Nick saw that she too stood in shocked surprise. The sudden silence was too silent. <SEP> Instinctively aware of the charged atmosphere Poet raised his head slowly looking first at Elaine. She had caught the implication of the oath. <SEP> Her face was frozen into the mask of a mannequin her body absolutely motionless. And then Nick knew that all of them knew Elaine himself and Poet. <SEP> Elaine recovered first so quickly that Nick thought he might have imagined her sudden reaction. You need a bandage <SEP> She asked steadily. Poet rubbed his arm. <SEP> Its like banging a shin he said his eyes lingered on Nicks face then moved back to Elaine. Hurts like hell for a second then it disappears. <SEP> Ill get some ointment. Elaine turned and started toward the companionway. <SEP> Her walk was too steady too slow telegraphing her fear. Nick sensed it. <SEP> So did Poet. Springing like a cat he leaped back swooped up the spring gun and whirling pointed it toward the cabin. <SEP> At the same instant Nick hit the barrel and threw himself upon the smaller man. The gun fired next to his ear with a vicious whoosh like the first stroke of an old steam engine. <SEP> At the same instant Elaine screamed wildly the sound ending abruptly as Nick went off the boat and into the water on top of the frantic struggling Poet. The moment the sea closed over Nick some atavistic sense warned him that he would survive in this alien element only if he did not panic. <SEP> The murderer to whom he clung had a tremendous advantage. The wide flippers on Poets feet gave his legs incredible power driving the two of them down into the water as they rolled over and over. <SEP> Poet was the captured arms pinioned to his side and he twisted convulsively trying to escape. Poet would escape Nick thought grimly because he wore the apparatus which would keep him alive under water. <SEP> Nick would not let go. The rubber and glass face mask slipped from Poets forehead bounced painlessly off Nicks chin then disappeared. <SEP> Poet twisted again and Nicks knuckles scraped on the air tank ripping off the skin. For a split second Nick relaxed his grip and Poets slippery body spun completely around before Nick could stop him holding him now from the rear. <SEP> Something flailed at the side of Nicks head as they rolled around and around. Suddenly Poet stopped struggling and the two of them hung suspended in the water not rising not sinking. <SEP> A sharp pain lanced across Nicks chest and a bubble of air escaped from his tortured lungs joining dozens of others that sailed lazily toward the surface like helium balloons rising into the sky. A black snake-like object swayed eerily in front of him spewing bubbles from its flat cobra head. <SEP> The air hose was free The discovery struck Nick like a blow. <SEP> Desperately Nick flashed one hand up catching Poets neck in the bend of his elbow. At the same instant he grabbed the loose writhing hose with his other hand and bit down on the hard rubber mouthpiece. <SEP> Instinctively he exhaled through his nose then sucked in the air from the hose. At once the excruciating pain in his chest stopped and he was seized with a sudden wild exultation. <SEP> As if this was a signal Poet abruptly began to thrash the water and the quick movement slowly made them sink through the water. Relentlessly Nick held on sucking on the hose inhaling the air that belonged to Poet. <SEP> Poet was not fighting Nick now.
cm05.txt:Lived and was given a name. Helva. <SEP> For her first three vegetable months she waved her crabbed claws kicked weakly with her clubbed feet and enjoyed the usual routine of the infant. She was not alone for there were three other such children in the big citys special nursery. <SEP> Soon they all were removed to Central Laboratory School where their delicate transformation began. One of the babies died in the initial transferral but of Helvas class seventeen thrived in the metal shells. <SEP> Instead of kicking feet Helvas neural responses started her wheels instead of grabbing with hands she manipulated mechanical extensions. As she matured more and more neural synapses would be adjusted to operate other mechanisms that went into the maintenance and running of a space ship. <SEP> Helva was destined to be the brain half of a scout ship partnered with a man or a woman whichever she chose as the mobile half. She would be among the elite of her kind. <SEP> Her initial intelligence tests registered above normal and her adaptation index was unusually high. As long as her development within her shell lived up to expectations and there were no side-effects from the pituitary tinkering Helva would live a rewarding rich and unusual life a far cry from what she would have faced as an ordinary normal being. <SEP> However no diagram of her brain patterns no early I.Q. Tests recorded certain essential facts about Helva that Central must eventually learn. They would have to bide their official time and see trusting that the massive doses of shell-psychology would suffice her too as the necessary bulwark against her unusual confinement and the pressures of her profession. <SEP> A ship run by a human brain could not run rogue or insane with the power and resources Central had to build into their scout ships. Brain ships were of course long past the experimental stages. <SEP> Most babes survived the techniques of pituitary manipulation that kept their bodies small eliminating the necessity of transfers from smaller to larger shells. Very very few were lost when the final connection was made to the control panels of ship or industrial combine. <SEP> Shell people resembled mature dwarfs in size whatever their natal deformities were but the well-oriented brain would not have changed places with the most perfect body in the Universe. So for happy years Helva scooted around in her shell with her classmates playing such games as Stall Power-Seek studying her lessons in trajectory propulsion techniques computation logistics mental hygiene basic alien psychology philology space history law traffic codes : all the et ceteras that eventually became compounded into a reasoning logical informed citizen. <SEP> Not so obvious to her but of more importance to her teachers Helva ingested the precepts of her conditioning as easily as she absorbed her nutrient fluid. She would one day be grateful to the patient drone of the sub-conscious-level instruction. <SEP> Helvas civilization was not without busy do-good associations exploring possible inhumanities to terrestrial as well as extraterrestrial citizens. One such group got all incensed over shelled children when Helva was just turning fourteen. <SEP> When they were forced to Central Worlds shrugged its shoulders arranged a tour of the Laboratory Schools and set the tour off to a big start by showing the members case histories complete with photographs. Very few committees ever looked past the first few photos. <SEP> Most of their original objections about shells were overridden by the relief that these hideous -LRB- to them -RRB- bodies were mercifully concealed. Helvas class was doing Fine Arts a selective subject in her crowded program. <SEP> She had activated one of her microscopic tools which she would later use for minute repairs to various parts of her control panel. Her subject was large -- a copy of the Last Supper -- and her canvas small -- the head of a tiny screw. <SEP> She had tuned her sight to the proper degree. As she worked she absentmindedly crooned producing a curious sound. <SEP> Shell people used their own vocal cords and diaphragms but sound issued through microphones rather than mouths. Helvas hum then had a curious vibrancy a warm dulcet quality even in its aimless chromatic wanderings. <SEP> Why what a lovely voice you have said one of the female visitors. Helva looked up and caught a fascinating panorama of regular dirty craters on a flaky pink surface. <SEP> Her hum became a gurgle of surprise. She instinctively regulated her sight until the skin lost its cratered look and the pores assumed normal proportions. <SEP> Yes we have quite a few years of voice training madam remarked Helva calmly. Vocal peculiarities often become excessively irritating during prolonged intra-stellar distances and must be eliminated. <SEP> I enjoyed my lessons. Although this was the first time that Helva had seen unshelled people she took this experience calmly. <SEP> Any other reaction would have been reported instantly. I meant that you have a nice singing voice dear the lady amended. <SEP> Thank you. Would you like to see my work Helva asked politely. <SEP> She instinctively sheered away from personal discussions but she filed the comment away for further meditation. Work Asked the lady. <SEP> I am currently reproducing the Last Supper on the head of a screw. No I say the lady twittered. <SEP> Helva turned her vision back to magnification and surveyed her copy critically. Of course some of my color values do not match the old Masters and the perspective is faulty but I believe it to be a fair copy. <SEP> The ladys eyes unmagnified bugged out. Oh I forget and Helvas voice was really contrite. <SEP> If she could have blushed she would have. You people dont have adjustable vision. <SEP> The monitor of this discourse grinned with pride and amusement as Helvas tone indicated pity for the unfortunate. Here this will help suggested Helva substituting a magnifying device in one extension and holding it over the picture. <SEP> In a kind of shock the ladies and gentlemen of the committee bent to observe the incredibly copied and brilliantly executed Last Supper on the head of a screw. Well remarked one gentleman who had been forced to accompany his wife the good Lord can eat where angels fear to tread. <SEP> You referring sir asked Helva politely to the Dark Age discussions of the number of angels who could stand on the head of a pin I had that in mind. <SEP> If you substitute atom for angel the problem is not insoluble given the metallic content of the pin in question. Which you are programed to compute Of course. <SEP> They remember to program a sense of humor as well young lady We are directed to develop a sense of proportion sir which contributes the same effect. <SEP> The good man chortled appreciatively and decided the trip was worth his time. If the investigation committee spent months digesting the thoughtful food served them at the Laboratory School they left Helva with a morsel as well. <SEP> Singing as applicable to herself required research. She had of course been exposed to and enjoyed a music appreciation course which had included the better known classical works such as Tristan und Isolde Candide Oklahoma Nozze de Figaro the atomic age singers Eileen Farrell Elvis Presley and Geraldine Todd as well as the curious rhythmic progressions of the Venusians Capellan visual chromatics and the sonic concerti of the Altairians. <SEP> Singing for any shell person posed considerable technical difficulties to be overcome. Shell people were schooled to examine every aspect of a problem or situation before making a prognosis. <SEP> Balanced properly between optimism and practicality the nondefeatist attitude of the shell people led them to extricate themselves their ships and personnel from bizarre situations. Therefore to Helva the problem that she couldnt open her mouth to sing among other restrictions did not bother her. <SEP> She would work out a method by-passing her limitations whereby she could sing. She approached the problem by investigating the methods of sound reproduction through the centuries human and instrumental. <SEP> Her own sound production equipment was essentially more instrumental than vocal. Breath control and the proper enunciation of vowel sounds within the oral cavity appeared to require the most development and practice. <SEP> Shell people did not strictly speaking breathe. For their purposes oxygen and other gases were not drawn from the surrounding atmosphere through the medium of lungs but sustained artificially by solution in their shells. <SEP> After experimentation Helva discovered that she could manipulate her diaphragmic unit to sustain tone. By relaxing the throat muscles and expanding the oral cavity well into the frontal sinuses she could direct the vowel sounds into the most felicitous position for proper reproduction through her throat microphone. <SEP> She compared the results with tape recordings of modern singers and was not unpleased although her own tapes had a peculiar quality about them not at all unharmonious merely unique. Acquiring a repertoire from the Laboratory library was no problem to one trained to perfect recall. <SEP> She found herself able to sing any role and any song which struck her fancy. It would not have occurred to her that it was curious for a female to sing bass baritone tenor alto mezzo soprano and coloratura as she pleased. <SEP> It was to Helva only a matter of the correct reproduction and diaphragmic control required by the music attempted. If the authorities remarked on her curious avocation they did so among themselves. <SEP> Shell people were encouraged to develop a hobby so long as they maintained proficiency in their technical work. On the anniversary of her sixteenth year in her shell Helva was unconditionally graduated and installed in her ship the Afj. <SEP> Her permanent titanium shell was recessed behind an even more indestructible barrier in the central shaft of the scout ship. The neural audio visual and sensory connections were made and sealed. <SEP> Her extendibles were diverted connected or augmented and the final delicate-beyond-description brain taps were completed while Helva remained anesthetically unaware of the proceedings. When she awoke she was the ship. <SEP> Her brain and intelligence controlled every function from navigation to such loading as a scout ship of her class needed. She could take care of herself and her ambulatory half in any situation already recorded in the annals of Central Worlds and any situation its most fertile minds could imagine. <SEP> Her first actual flight for she and her kind had made mock flights on dummy panels since she was eight showed her complete mastery of the techniques of her profession. She was ready for her great adventures and the arrival of her mobile partner. <SEP> There were nine qualified scouts sitting around collecting base pay the day Helva was commissioned. There were several missions which demanded instant attention but Helva had been of interest to several department heads in Central for some time and each man was determined to have her assigned to his section. <SEP> Consequently no one had remembered to introduce Helva to the prospective partners. The ship always chose its own partner. <SEP> Had there been another brain ship at the Base at the moment Helva would have been guided to make the first move. As it was while Central wrangled among itself Robert Tanner sneaked out of the pilots barracks out to the field and over to Helvas slim metal hull. <SEP> Hello anyone at home Tanner wisecracked. Of course replied Helva logically activating her outside scanners. <SEP> Are you my partner She asked hopefully as she recognized the Scout Service uniform. All you have to do is ask he retorted hopefully. <SEP> No one has come. I thought perhaps there were no partners available and Ive had no directives from Central. <SEP> Even to herself Helva sounded a little self-pitying but the truth was she was lonely sitting on the darkened field. Always she had had the company of other shells and more recently technicians by the score. <SEP> The sudden solitude had lost its momentary charm and become oppressive. No directives from Central is scarcely a cause for regret but there happen to be eight other guys biting their fingernails to the quick just waiting for an invitation to board you you beautiful thing.
ck04.txt:Bishop looked at him coldly and said Take it or leave it <SEP> Literally there was nothing else to do. He was caught in a machine. <SEP> Sojourner was not easily excited or upset and said quite calmly : Lets go and see what its like. Annisberg was about seventy-five miles west of Birmingham near the Georgia border and on the Tallahoosa River a small and dirty stream. <SEP> The city was a center of manufacture especially in textiles and also because of the beauty of some of its surroundings a residence for many owners of the great industries in north Alabama. It had as was usual in southern cities of this sort a Black Bottom a low region near the river where the Negroes lived -- servants and laborers huddled together in a region with no sewage save the river where streets and sidewalks were neglected and where there was much poverty and crime. <SEP> Wilson came by train from Birmingham and looked the city over the rather pleasant white city was on the hill where the chief stores were. Beyond were industries and factories. <SEP> Then they went down to Black Bottom. In the midst of this crowded region was the Allen African Methodist Episcopal Church. <SEP> It was an old and dirty wooden structure sadly in need of repair. It was a landmark. <SEP> It had been there years or more and everybody in town black and white knew of it. It had just suffered a calamity the final crisis in a long series of calamities. <SEP> The old preacher who had been there twenty-five years was dead and the city mourned him. He was a loud-voiced man once vigorous but for many years now declining in strength and ability. <SEP> He was stern and overbearing with his flock but obsequious and conciliatory with the whites especially the rich who partly supported the church. The Deacon Board headed by a black man named Carlson had practically taken over as the pastor grew old and had its way with the support of the Amen corner. <SEP> The characteristic thing about this church was its Amen corner and the weekly religious orgy. A knot of old worshippers chiefly women listened weekly to a sermon. <SEP> It began invariably in low tones almost conversational and then gradually worked up to high shrill appeals to God and man. And then the Amen corner took hold re-enacting a form of group participation in worship that stemmed from years before the Greek chorus spreading down through the African forest overseas to the West Indies and then here in Alabama. <SEP> With shout and slow dance with tears and song with scream and contortion the corner group was beset by hysteria and shivering wailing shouting possession of something that seemed like an alien and outside force. It spread to most of the audience and was often viewed by visiting whites who snickered behind handkerchief and afterward discussed Negro religion. <SEP> It sometimes ended in death-like trances with many lying exhausted and panting on chair and floor. To most of those who composed the Amen corner it was a magnificent and beautiful experience something for which they lived from week to week. <SEP> It was often re-enacted in less wild form at the Wednesday night prayer meeting. Wilson on his first Sunday witnessed this with something like disgust. <SEP> He had preached a short sermon trying to talk man-to-man to the audience to tell them who he was what he had done in Macon and Birmingham and what he proposed to do here. He sympathized with them on the loss of their old pastor. <SEP> But then at mention of that name the Amen corner broke loose. He had no chance to say another word. <SEP> At the very end when the audience was silent and breathless a collection was taken and then slowly everyone filed out. The audience did not think much of the new pastor and what the new pastor thought of the audience he did not dare at the time to say. <SEP> During the next weeks he looked over the situation. First of all there was the parsonage an utterly impossible place for civilized people to live in originally poorly conceived apparently not repaired for years with no plumbing or sewage with rat-holes and rot. <SEP> It was arranged that he would board in the home of one of the old members of the church a woman named Catt who as Wilson afterward found was briefly referred to as The Cat because of her sharp tongue and fierce initiative. Ann Catt was a lonely devoted soul never married conducting a spotless home and devoted to her church but a perpetual dissenter and born critic. <SEP> She soared over the new pastor like an avenging angel lest he stray from the path and not know all the truth and gossip of which she was chief repository. Then Wilson looked over the church and studied its condition. <SEP> The salary of the pastor had for years been $ U annually and even this was in arrears. Wilson made up his mind that he must receive at least $ U but when he mentioned this to the Deacons they said nothing. <SEP> The church itself must be repaired. It was dirty and neglected. <SEP> It really ought to be rebuilt and he determined to go up and talk to the city banks about this. Meanwhile the city itself should be talked to. <SEP> The streets in the colored section were dirty. There was typhoid and malaria. <SEP> The children had nowhere to go and no place to play not even sidewalks. The school was small dark and ill-equipped. <SEP> The teacher was a pliant fool. There were two liquor saloons not very far from the church one white that is conducted for white people with a side entrance for Negroes the other exclusively Negro. <SEP> Undoubtedly there was a good deal of gambling in both. On the other side of the church was a quiet well-kept house with shutters and recently painted. <SEP> Wilson inquired about it. It was called Kent House. <SEP> The deacon of the church Carlson was its janitor. One of the leading members of the Amen corner was cook there were two or three colored maids employed there. <SEP> Wilson was told that it was a sort of hotel for white people which seemed to him rather queer. Why should a white hotel be set down in the center of Black Bottom <SEP> nevertheless it looked respectable. He was glad to have it there. <SEP> The rest of Black Bottom was a rabbit warren of homes in every condition of neglect disrepair and careful upkeep. Dives carefully repaired huts and nicely painted and ornamented cottages were jumbled together cheek by jowl with little distinction. <SEP> The best could not escape from the worst and the worst nestled cosily beside the better. The yards front and back were narrow some were trash dumps some had flower gardens. <SEP> Behind were privies for there was no sewage system. After looking about a bit Wilson discovered beyond Black Bottom across the river and far removed from the white city a considerable tract of land and it occurred to him that the church and the better Negro homes might gradually be moved to this plot. <SEP> He talked about it to the Presiding Elder. The Presiding Elder looked him over rather carefully. <SEP> He was not sure what kind of a man he had in hand. There was one thing that he had to stress and that was that the contribution to the general church expenses the dollar money had been seriously falling behind in this church and that must be looked after immediately. <SEP> In fact he intimated clearly that that was the reason that Wilson had been sent here -- to make a larger contribution of dollar money. Wilson stressed the fact that clear as this was they must have a better church a more business-like conduct of the church organization and an effort to get this religious center out of its rut of wild worship into a modern church organization. <SEP> He emphasized to the Presiding Elder the plan of giving up the old church and moving across the river. The Presiding Elder was sure that that would be impossible. <SEP> He told Wilson to go ahead and try. Wilson tried. <SEP> It did seem impossible. The bank which held the mortgage on the old church declared that the interest was considerably in arrears and the real estate people said flatly that the land across the river was being held for an eventual development for white working people who were coming in and that none would be sold to colored folk. <SEP> When it was proposed to rebuild the church Wilson found that the terms for a new mortgage were very high. He was sure that he could do better if he went to Atlanta to get the deal financed. <SEP> When this proposal was made to his Deacon Board he met unanimous opposition. The church certainly would not be removed. <SEP> The very proposition was sacrilege. It had been here fifty years. <SEP> It was going to stay forever. It was hardly possible to get any argument on the subject. <SEP> As for rebuilding well that might be looked into but there was no hurry no hurry at all. Wilson again went downtown to a different banker an intelligent young white man who seemed rather sympathetic but he shook his head. <SEP> Reverend he said I think you dont quite understand the situation here. You see the amount of money that has been invested by whites around that church Tenements stores saloons some gambling I hope not too much. <SEP> The colored people are getting employment at Kent House and other places and they are near their places of employment. When a city has arranged things like this you can not easily change them. <SEP> Now if I were you I would just plan to repair the old church so it would last for five or ten years. By that time perhaps something better can be done. <SEP> Then Wilson asked What about this Kent House which you mention I dont understand why a white hotel should be down here. <SEP> The young banker looked at him with a certain surprise and then he said flatly : Im afraid I cant tell you anything in particular about Kent House. Youll have to find out about it on your own. <SEP> Hope to see you again. He dismissed the colored pastor. <SEP> It was next day that Sojourner came and sat beside him and took his hand. She said My dear do you know what Kent House is <SEP> No said Wilson I dont. I was just asking about it. <SEP> What is it Its a house of prostitution for white men with white girls as inmates. <SEP> They hire a good deal of local labor including two members of our Trustee Board. They buy some supplies from our colored grocers and they are patronized by some of the best white gentlemen in town. <SEP> Wilson stared at her. My dear you must be mistaken. <SEP> Talk to Mrs. Catt she said. After Wilson had talked to Mrs. Catt and to others he was absolutely amazed. <SEP> This of course was the sort of thing that used to take place in Southern cities -- putting white houses of prostitution with colored girls in colored neighborhoods and carrying them on openly. It had largely disappeared on account of protest by the whites and through growing resentment on the part of the Negroes as they became more educated and got better wages. <SEP> This situation of Kent House was more subtle. The wages involved were larger and more regular. <SEP> The inmates were white and from out of town avoiding local friction. The backing from the white town was greater and there was little publicity. <SEP> Good wages patronage and subscription of various kinds stopped open protest from Negroes. Yet Wilson knew that this place must go or he must go. <SEP> For him to leave this job now without accomplishing anything would mean practically the end of his career in the Methodist church if not in all churches.
cg14.txt:Were fences in the old days when we were children. <SEP> Across the front of a yard and down the side they were iron either spiked along the top or arched in half circles. Alley fences were made of solid boards higher than ones head but not so high as the golden glow in a corner or the hollyhocks that grew in a line against them. <SEP> Side fences were hidden beneath lilacs and hundred-leaf roses front fences were covered with Virginia creeper or trumpet vines or honeysuckle. Square corner - and gate posts were an open-work pattern of cast-iron foliage they were topped by steeples complete in every detail : high-pitched roof pinnacle and narrow gable. <SEP> On these posts the gates swung open with a squeak and shut with a metallic clang. The only extended view possible to anyone less tall than the fences was that obtained from an upper bough of the apple tree. <SEP> The primary quality of that view seems now to have been its quietness but that can not at the time have impressed us. What one actually remembers is its greenness. <SEP> From high in the tree the whole block lay within range of the eye but the ground was almost nowhere visible. One looked down on a sea of leaves a breaking wave of flower. <SEP> Every path from back door to barn was covered by a grape-arbor and every yard had its fruit trees. In the center of any open space remaining our grandfathers had planted syringa and sweet-shrub snowball rose-of-Sharon and balm-of-Gilead. <SEP> From above one could only occasionally catch a glimpse of life on the floor of this green sea : a neighbors gingham skirt flashing into sight for an instant on the path beneath her grape-arbor or the movement of hands above a clothesline and the flutter of garments hung there half-way down the block. That was one epoch : the apple-tree epoch. <SEP> Another had ended before it began. Time is a queer thing and memory a queerer the tricks that time plays with memory and memory with time are queerest of all. <SEP> From maturity one looks back at the succession of years counts them and makes them many yet can not feel length in the number however large. In a stream that turns a mill-wheel there is a lot of water the mill-pond is quiet its surface dark and shadowed and there does not seem to be much water in it. <SEP> Time in the sum is nothing. And yet -- a year to a child is an eternity and in the memory that phase of ones being -- a certain mental landscape -- will seem to have endured without beginning and without end. <SEP> The part of the mind that preserves dates and events may remonstrate It could have been like that for only a little while but true memory does not count nor add : it holds fast to things that were and they are outside of time. Once then -- for how many years or how few does not matter -- my world was bound round by fences when I was too small to reach the apple tree bough to twist my knee over it and pull myself up. <SEP> That world was in scale with my own smallness. I have no picture in my mind of the garden as a whole -- that I could not see -- but certain aspects of certain corners linger in the memory : wind-blown frost-bitten white chrysanthemums beneath a window with their brittle brown leaves and their sharp scent of November ripe pears lying in long grass to be turned over by a dusty-slippered foot cautiously lest bees still worked in the ragged brown-edged holes hot-colored verbenas in the corner between the dining-room wall and the side porch where we passed on our way to the pump with the half-gourd tied to it as a cup by my grandmother for our childish pleasure in drinking from it. <SEP> It was mother who planted the verbenas. I think that my grandmother was not an impassioned gardener : she was too indulgent a lover of dogs and grandchildren. <SEP> My great-grandmother I have been told made her garden her great pride she cherished rare and delicate plants like oleanders in tubs and wall-flowers and lemon verbenas in pots that had to be wintered in the cellar she filled the waste spots of the yard with common things like the garden heliotrope in a corner by the woodshed and the plantain lilies along the west side of the house. These my grandmother left in their places -LRB- they are still there more persistent and longer-lived than the generations of man -RRB- and planted others like them that flourished without careful tending. <SEP> Three of these only were protected from us by stern commandment : the roses whose petals might not be collected until they had fallen to be made into perfume or rose-tea to drink the peonies whose tight sticky buds would be blighted by the laying on of a finger although they were not apparently harmed by the ants that crawled over them and the poppies. I have more than once sat cross-legged in the grass through a long summer morning and watched without touching while a poppy bud higher than my head slowly but visibly pushed off its cap unfolded and shook out like a banner in the sun its flaming vermilion petals. <SEP> Other flowers we might gather as we pleased : myrtle and white violets from beneath the lilacs the lilacs themselves that bloomed so prodigally but for the most part beyond our reach snowballs hollyhock blossoms that turned upside down make pink-petticoated ladies and the little dark blue larkspur that scattered its seed everywhere. More potent a charm to bring back that time of life than this record of a few pictures and a few remembered facts would be a catalogue of the minutiae which are of the very stuff of the mind intrinsic because they were known in the beginning not by the eye alone but by the hand that held them. Flowers stones and small creatures living and dead. Pale yellow snapdragons that by pinching could be made to bite seed-pods of the balsams that snapped like fire-crackers at a touch red-and-yellow columbines whose round-tipped spurs were picked off and eaten for the honey in them morning-glory buds which could be so grasped and squeezed that they burst like a blown-up paper bag bright flowers from the trumpet vine that made gloves on the ends of ten waggling fingers. Fuzzy caterpillars snails with their sensitive horns struggling grasshoppers held by their long hind legs and commanded to spit tobacco spit. Dead fledgling birds their squashed-looking nakedness and the odor of decay that clung to the hand when they had been buried in our graveyard in front of the purple flags. <SEP> The cast shell of a locust straw-colored and transparent weighing nothing fragile but entire with eyes like bubbles and a gaping slit down its back. Every morning early in the summer we searched the trunks of the trees as high as we could reach for the locust shells carefully detached their hooked claws from the bark where they hung and stabled them a weird faery herd in an angle between the high roots of the tulip tree where no grass grew in the dense shade. <SEP> We collected lucky stones -- all the creamy translucent pebbles worn smooth and round that we could find in the driveway. When these had been pocketed we could still spend a morning cracking open other pebbles for our delight in seeing how much prettier they were inside than their dull exteriors indicated. <SEP> We showed them to each other and said Would you have guessed Squatting on our haunches beside the flat stone we broke them on we were safe behind the high closed gates at the end of the drive : safe from interruption and the observation and possible amusement of the passers-by. <SEP> Thus shielded we played many foolish games in comfortable unselfconsciousness even when the fences became a part of the game -- when a vine-embowered gate-post was the Sleeping Beautys enchanted castle or when Rapunzel let down her golden hair from beneath the crocketed spire even then we paid little heed to those who went by on the path outside. We enjoyed a paradoxical freedom when we were still too young for school. <SEP> In the heat of the summer the garden solitudes were ours alone our elders stayed in the dark house or sat fanning on the front porch. They never troubled themselves about us while we were playing because the fence formed such a definite boundary and Dont go outside the gate was a command so impossible of misinterpretation. <SEP> We were not however entirely unacquainted with the varying aspects of the street. We were forbidden to swing on the gates lest they sag on their hinges in a poor-white-trash way but we could stand on them when they were latched rest our chins on the top and stare and stare committing to memory quite unintentionally all the details that lay before our eyes. <SEP> The street that is full now of traffic and parked cars then and for many years drowsed on an August afternoon in the shade of the curbside trees and silence was a weight almost palpable in the air. Every slight sound that rose against that pressure fell away again crushed beneath it. <SEP> A hay-wagon moved slowly along the gutter the top of it swept by the low boughs of the maple trees and loose straws were left hanging tangled among the leaves. A wheel squeaked on a hub was still and squeaked again. <SEP> If a child watched its progress he whispered Hay hay load of hay -- make a wish and turn away and then stared rigidly in the opposite direction until the sound of the horses feet returned no more. When the hay wagon had gone and an interval passed a hucksters cart might turn the corner. <SEP> The horse walked the reins were slack the huckster rode with bowed shoulders his forearms across his knees. Sleepily as if half-reluctant to break the silence he lifted his voice : Rhu-beb-ni-ice nice fresh rhu-beb today <SEP> The lazy sing-song was spaced in time like the drone of a bumble-bee. No one seemed to hear him no one heeded. <SEP> The horse plodded on and he repeated his call. It became so monotonous as to seem a part of the quietness. <SEP> After his passage the street was empty again. The sun moved slant-wise across the sky and down the trees shadows circled from street to sidewalk from sidewalk to lawn. <SEP> At four-oclock or four-thirty the coming of the newsboy marked the end of the day he tossed a paper toward every front door and housewives came down to their steps to pick them up and read what their neighbors had been doing. The streets of any county town were like this on any sunshiny afternoon in summer they were like this fifty-odd years ago and yesterday. <SEP> The fences were still in place fifty-odd years ago and when we stood on the gate to look over the sidewalk under our eyes was not cement but two rows of paving stones with grass between and on both sides. The curb was a line of stone laid edgewise in the dirt and tilted this way and that by frost in the ground or the roots of trees. <SEP> Opposite every gate was a hitching post or a stone carriage-step set with a rusty iron ring for tying a horse. The street was unpaved and rose steeply toward the center it was mud in wet weather and dust ankle-deep in dry and could be crossed only at the corner where there were stepping stones. <SEP> It had a bucolic atmosphere that it has lost long since. The hoofmarks of cattle and the prints of bare feet in the mud or in the dust were as numerous as the traces of shod horses. <SEP> Cows were kept in backyard barns boys were hired to drive them to and from the pasture on the edge of town and familiar to the ear morning and evening were the boys coaxing voices the thud of hooves and the thwack of a stick on cowhide.
cg36.txt:Group upon the issuance of its first press release on December designated itself a Committee of Investigation. <SEP> In the course of its inquiry it took testimony from only seven witnesses. It heard Bang-Jensen twice and his lawyer Adolf A. Berle Jr. Once. <SEP> Its second press release was on January and it recommended that the secret papers be destroyed. It also implied that Paul Bang-Jensen had been irresponsible. <SEP> On January Ernest Gross conducted a press conference at the U.N. Lasting an hour. Here he openly attacked Bang-Jensen and referred to his aberrant conduct. <SEP> This conference was held despite Stavropoulos assurance to Adolf Berle who was leaving the same day for Puerto Rico that nothing would be done until his return on January except that the Secretary General would probably order the list destroyed. On January Paul Bang-Jensen accompanied by Adolf Berle was met by Dragoslav Protitch and Colonel Frank Begley former Police Chief of Farmington Conn. And now head of U.N. Special police. <SEP> The four bundled in overcoats mounted to the wind-swept roof of the U.N. There Begley lit a fire in a wire basket and Bang-Jensen dropped four sealed envelopes into the flames. <SEP> In one of these he said were notes on the identities of the eighty-one refugees. The method of destroying the evidence embarrassed Paul Bang-Jensen. <SEP> He knew it would be implied that it was done in this way at his insistence. He was right and Peter Marshall could not help but recall Andrew Cordiers words on the subject Well it seemed as good a place as any to do the job. <SEP> The Gross group had been formed for the express purpose of advising the Secretary General. Hammarskjolds supposed desire to seek outside legal advice in the guise of Ernest Gross is illusion at best. <SEP> Grosss being outside the U.N. Applied only to a physical state not an objective one. By the time the papers were finally disposed of the group had informed the world of its purpose its recommendations and its belief that Paul Bang-Jensen was not of sound mind. <SEP> Shortly the group would issue its report to the Secretary General recommending Paul Bang-Jensens dismissal from the United Nations. The contents of this -page document would become known to many before it would become known to the man it was written about. Until this Hungarian Committee matter came up Bang-Jensen was a fine and devoted individual. <SEP> I had known him for some years when I was a delegate and before and this manner had never been his. Ernest A. Gross leaned back in his chair and told Peter Marshall how Secretary General Dag Hammarskjold had on December called him in as a private lawyer to review Bang-Jensens conduct relating to his association with the Special Committee on the problem of Hungary. <SEP> The result was the Gross Report prepared by Gross as chairman with the assistance of two U.N. Under Secretaries Constantin Stavropoulos and Philippe De Seynes. Yes Gross went on Bang-Jensen was an up-and-coming young man. <SEP> He had always done well. Never well known but he had done his work competently. Gross had received Marshall courteously and they were discussing the case. <SEP> You know the lawyer said its difficult to talk like this about a man who cant answer back. Gross was behind a clean-top desk only a manila folder before him. <SEP> Marshall sat in one of the several leather chairs. Outside the office windows twenty-four stories above Wall Street a light rain was falling. <SEP> Mr. Gross your report says that our function is investigative and advisory and does not in any way derogate from or prejudice Mr. Bang-Jensens rights as a staff member. You know Bang-Jensen characterized your Committee as having prejudged his case. <SEP> Gross swung his swivel chair. Well how could that have been <SEP> I dont consider that he was prejudged. We were given a job and we carried it out and later his case was taken up by the Disciplinary Committee. <SEP> We have nothing to hide under a bushel. We did our job Mr. Stavropoulos and Mr. De Seynes and myself taking evidence from a number of people. <SEP> What did you think about his mental state I think our report sums up our finding Gross answered. <SEP> Dont forget here was a man who had been accusing his colleagues for almost a year of willfully attempting to present an incorrect report. This was not merely alleging errors but was carried out by day-after-day allegations in memos written charges of serious consequence. <SEP> This is a distressing thing. Supposing you or I were being accused in this manner and yet we were doing our level best to carry on our work. <SEP> No organization can carry on like that. Ive been in government and I can tell some pretty hairy stories about personnel difficulties so I know what a problem he was. <SEP> What Id like you to comment on is the criticism leveled at your Committee. What do you mean For instance regarding the fact that the Gross Committee issued two interim announcements to the press during its investigation. <SEP> You know Bang-Jensen was told the Committee was to convey its views suggestions and recommendations to the Secretary General. In his own words Bang-Jensen took it for granted that the Group would report to the Secretary General privately and not in public. <SEP> He claimed that the release of the preliminary findings was prejudicial to his position. Gross bristled. <SEP> For an instant he glared speechless at Marshall. Listen he said. <SEP> I thought the entire report was going to be confidential from beginning to end. You know Bang-Jensen launched an active campaign against us in the press. <SEP> It was getting so that we the Committee were being tried. You can find it in the papers. <SEP> Well as a matter of fact Ive looked through back-issue files of New York papers for December and havent found a great deal -- Gross shot another look at Marshall. It wasnt necessarily all here in New York. <SEP> Dont forget the foreign press. Then what about the second interim public announcement This cited Bang-Jensens aberrant conduct. <SEP> The reason for that report was to settle the matter of the list. As far as Im concerned it was a separate matter from the general Committee study of Bang-Jensens conduct. <SEP> The January fifteen report recommended that Bang-Jensen be instructed to burn the list -- the papers -- in the presence of a U.N. Security Officer. How about your press conference three days later -- what was the reason for that Bang-Jensen said you told correspondents that you had checked in advance to make sure the term aberrant conduct was not libelous. <SEP> He claimed you made other slanderous allegations. Gross paused and repeated himself. <SEP> The entire object of the press conference was to clarify the problem of the list since many in the press were querying the U.N. About it. What was the list <SEP> I dont know. Bang-Jensen never explained what the documents or papers were that he had in his possession. <SEP> It was foolish of him to keep them whatever they were. He could have been blackmailed or his family might have been threatened. <SEP> Of course the matter caught the publics attention. We attempted to conclude this and did so by having the papers burned. <SEP> Hammarskjold didnt like the way it was carried out. It was a sort of Gotterdammerung affair. <SEP> Hammarskjold believes the U.N. Is an organization that settles matters in a procedural way. Peter Marshall reflected. If Hammarskjold had not wanted the list disposed of in this manner and if Bang-Jensen had not wanted it -- who had ordered it <SEP> Mr. Gross concerning the formation of your Committee theres the fact that you have been a legal adviser to the U.N. In the past as I understand it Mr. Hammarskjold wanted outside advice. You comment on that <SEP> Ive served as a counsel for the U.N. For some years specializing particularly in real estate matters or other problems that the regular U.N. Legal staff might not be equipped to handle. Mr. Stavropoulos is the U.N. Legal chief and a very good man but he is not fully versed on some technical points of American law. <SEP> What did you think about Bang-Jensens contention of errors and omissions in the Hungarian report Marshall asked. Those Gross answered. <SEP> Why Mick Shann went over and over the report with Alsing Andersen trying to check them out. Even after the incident between Bang-Jensen and Shann in the Delegates Lounge and this was not the way the Chicago Tribune presented it. Gross reached in his desk and pulled out two newspaper clippings. <SEP> One was an article on the U.N. By Alice Widener from the Cincinnati Enquirer. The other was by Chesly Manley in the Chicago Daily Tribune. <SEP> Gross pointed to the Manley story. I know Ches hes a friend of mine. <SEP> He probably didnt mean to write it this way or maybe he did. There wasnt any violent argument between Bang-Jensen and Shann as the Tribune puts it. <SEP> That implies that Shann was on the enemy side. You see what I mean How its phrased there -- the word violent. <SEP> The case was that Bang-Jensen came up to Shann claiming he had found further errors in the report. Ive found errors and I want you to look them over. <SEP> Once again Shann had to argue with him about this. It wasnt a violent discussion. <SEP> After all this Shann went over all that Bang-Jensen had brought up. -LRB- Shanns own report Peter Marshall reflected describes the encounter as immoderate. <SEP> Bang-Jensen was in hysterical condition. -RRB- Gross stopped briefly then went on. <SEP> Shann was responsible for the report. He has felt terrible about all this. <SEP> It was a good report he did all he could to make it a good report. When I speak of how Shann felt I know well. <SEP> Dont forget I am an old member of the club a former delegate. I think you are being unfair to take these things up now. <SEP> You know this hits in many areas. It appeals to those who were frustrated in the outcome of the Hungarian situation. <SEP> Dont forget the U.N. Did no more than the United States did. It takes a great deal of sophisticated thought to get the impact of this fact. Chapter <SEP> from the home of his friend Henrik Kauffmann in Washington D.C. Paul Bang-Jensen sent a telegram dated December to Ernest Gross. It said in part : the matters to be considered are obviously of a grave character and I therefore respectfully request that the hearing be postponed for two weeks in order that I might make adequate preparation. <SEP> Ernest Gross replied the next day putting the suspended diplomats fears to rest. This reveals some misunderstanding on your part. <SEP> The group conducting the review is not holding formal hearings. It wished to pursue in the course of this review questions arising from the body of material already in its possession. <SEP> It sounded like a fair enough invitation Peter Marshall reflected and Bang-Jensen must have thought so too because on the thirteenth he met the group of three on the thirty-sixth floor of the U.N. There Ernest Gross further assured him : We were requested by the Secretary General as I understand it to discuss with you such matters as appear to us to be relevant and we are not of course either a formal group or a committee in the sense of being guided by any rules or regulations of the Secretariat. <SEP> The only rules which I think we shall follow will be those of common sense justice and fairness. Peter Marshall noted that Bang-Jensen had later referred to his two interviews with the Gross group as unfortunate experiences and after his second meeting on the sixteenth the Dane refused to attend further hearings without legal counsel. <SEP> Marshall pondered the reason for this and pondered too the replacement of one member of the three-man group. J.A.C. Robertson after serving Gross one week left for England.
cp16.txt:The dog plopped on the sand. <SEP> Quint couldnt blame Maggie for disbelieving. For eleven days theyd done the same thing leaving the cottage quietly before breakfast before Esperanza Beach got jammed with tourists and beach balls and show-offy lifeguards. <SEP> The swirling sand made Quints limp more pronounced. They walked slowly past the sherbet-colored cottages -- eleven lemon nine mint seven orange -- around the curve to a deserted stand with an Eats sign jiggling in the wind. <SEP> Now they were in friendly territory. Nobody around. Nothing but sand and a ridge of rocks sloping jaggedly to the waters edge. His rock was to the right of a V-shaped inlet a big brown lumpy rock trailing seaweed whiskers. <SEP> His rock was special because no one on the beach could see him here. Here he was enclosed and safe. <SEP> -LRB- If a dragon or a sea monster came along didnt he have a red Swiss hunting knife on his belt -- ten blades and a corkscrew -RRB- Here was a perfect place to lie down and make believe. <SEP> He was Canute controlling the waves. He was a knight of the Round Table Sir Quintus the Brave slaying evil spirits and banshees and vampires and witches with warty noses. <SEP> -LRB- One good thing about a suit of armor his leg wouldnt show. -RRB- He was the first astronaut on the moon chosen because of his small size and intrepid nature. <SEP> He was six feet one like his father with big hands and a hairy chest a man the weak and persecuted would turn to. Fearless. Every night when he wanted a drink of water didnt he practice being fearless by not turning on the bathroom light <SEP> A dark bathroom can be pretty scary and hed creep back to bed proud of himself thinking : Tomorrow for sure Ill go down to the rock and keep my promise to Dad. He hadnt intended to make the promise. <SEP> It happened two weeks ago the night before his father left on a business trip to South America. Every piece of the nightmare was clear in place and when he woke up his father was saying Stop screaming Quint. <SEP> Its all right. Stop shaking. <SEP> He could remember the feel of his fathers big hands the thump of his fathers heart sending out signals -- regular like radar. Lets talk about the beach. Son. <SEP> While Im gone you get brown and fat as a pig hear Look I can put two fingers between the cords in the back of your neck. <SEP> Dr. Fortman says swimming would help your leg. He says youre limping more than you need to. <SEP> How does he know Big dumb nut. He never had polio. <SEP> In the light from the bedside table his father looked so worried that the promise spilled out. You just wait Dad. <SEP> When you get back Ill probly be swimming better than Victoria. Wait and see Dad. <SEP> Victoria was fourteen months younger than Quint a head taller and could lick any boy or girl on the beach. He called her Fatso. <SEP> She called him Stuck-up -- thats why nobody plays with you Mister Stuck-up. What was worse she prayed for him out loud at bedtime : Please Lord Gord please give my brother the strength to go swimming like he promised. <SEP> Shes got a nerve. Quint said now to the clouds. Strength began to zip up and down his chest. <SEP> He felt strong as a giant. He unlaced his high brown shoes and took off the metal brace on his leg. <SEP> He wadded his sweat shirt into a ball and stripped down to his swimming trunks. Goolick goooolick creaked a sea gull. <SEP> Aw shut up he said. He stood on the rock a skinny dignified boy surrounded by the ocean. <SEP> The wind bored a hole between his shoulder blades and when he looked at the choppy waves coming and going and crossing each other he could see his head down there bleeding wedged between the rocks and the waves. I cant go in. <SEP> Im scared of the nightmare. Shivering he put on his clothes. <SEP> Shivering with shame he crawled to the narrow end of the rock and spat into the water. Watch it big shot a hoarse voice yelled back. <SEP> She was holding on to his rock with one hand. She smelled of peppermints. <SEP> She wore a bathing suit like his mothers no straps on the shouders. Why didnt you duck He snapped. <SEP> This is my rock. Isnt. <SEP> Is. Isnt. <SEP> Is. She was sore as a boil. <SEP> Ever hear of squatters rights Sure. They started with the Kansas-Nebraska Bill of eighteen -- Mister Big Britches arent you <SEP> Im Mark Gordon Peters the Fifth. They call me Quint. <SEP> Then why dont you stop squinting I said Quint. <SEP> Thats short for Quintus. Quintus in Latin means -- I can speak both kinds of Latin smart aleck. <SEP> Her cough sounded like cloth ripping. You shouldnt smoke so much he said unconsciously imitating Victorias holier-than-thou voice. <SEP> I dont smoke. She was horrified. <SEP> You Hell yes. Not having said hell before he stumbled a bit before gathering momentum. Sometimes eleven fourteen a day. <SEP> If I was your mama Id wop your tail off. My mother never wops me. <SEP> Ive got this leg brace. She seemed so unimpressed that he was obliged to roll up his blue jeans so she could see his brace. <SEP> Dingy-looking was what she said. Why dont you paint it red and white like a barber pole <SEP> maybe I wont have to wear it always. Dr. Fortman says if I exercise my leg more maybe I can use a cane when Im big. <SEP> She spouted a mouthful of water into the air. A canes mighty handy. <SEP> Someones walking past you want to stop him zoooop snag him around the neck with the crook in your cane. Say a waiter brings you a bowl of soup with a dead fly in it -- all you got to do is bannnnnng stooooomp your cane on the floor. <SEP> Hey will you look at that Maggie had shaken himself awake and was licking the sand off his stubby whiskers and his long plume of a tail. <SEP> Thats some dog. What kind Part collie part wire-haired terrier. Quint glared. <SEP> He always did when people asked. Holy mackerel thats the most unique dog I ever saw she said firmly. <SEP> His real names DiMaggio only we call him Maggie because he has to take tranquilizers. Hes braver than he looks. <SEP> Hes been sick lately. Last Tuesday he went on a ham jag. A what <SEP> He would have told her but Victoria was yodeling. That meant Mama wants you Quint. <SEP> Come home or Ill come find you. I gotta go. <SEP> Even though this is my rock you can use it sometimes. I come early in the morning. <SEP> So do I. See you around Mister Squint. That was how they started being friends. <SEP> They met next morning and all the mornings thereafter. Same time early before the fog burned off because she didnt like the sun it made her blister. Her name was Sabella and the strip of seaweed around her neck was an emerald necklace the King gave her as a token of his undying love. <SEP> You going to marry the King No. Hes got a long beard and picks his teeth with a fork. <SEP> My hair is what hes nuts about. Naturally curly hair runs in my family. <SEP> Personally I prefer straight hair like yours but as they say on the Continent What can one do Which continent Name one I been there. <SEP> Japan she said smelled pugh because people let dead fish lie on the beaches till the fish got hard as rocks then they scraped off the mold and made fish soup. Pugh. Camels in Tripoli had harelips. <SEP> Near Galway the tinkers drove their caravans down to the beach and sang and drank and fought all night. As for dancing -- holy mackerel he ought to see the gypsies in Jerez they danced on the sand till your blood got hot and danced with them. Really. <SEP> Quint smothered a yawn. She made better pictures than any book hed read but he didnt say so. <SEP> Artfully as the days went by he found occasion to tell her that his father had won the Navy Cross in the Korean War that his baby sister could spit up through her nose when she felt like it that he personally had an IQ of and was currently reading the Mushr to Ozon volume of the encyclopedia. Books are for schnooks. <SEP> She skipped a piece of water at him and laughed a funny hoarse laugh he liked to hear. Nobody ever appreciated his jokes as much as Sabella. -LRB- What did one tonsil say to the other tonsil <SEP> Lets get dressed up -- the doctors taking us out tonight. What time did the Chinaman go to the dentist Tooth-hurty. -RRB- <SEP> Encouraged by her giggles he imitated Maggie who was crazy about ham. He described the ham decorated with pineapple and cherries cooling on the porch. <SEP> He snuck up on the ham like Maggie gumming it with soft stumpy teeth then panting with thirst lapping up the water in the lagoon swelling up like a balloon staggering home to be sick while his mother said That does it. That dog has to go. <SEP> Say youre quite a comic Sabella said admiringly. Ever thought about going on the stage <SEP> He hadnt. It was such a nice thought that he nodded his head. Either that or a veterinarian. <SEP> Better make up your mind son Sabella said. You cant serve cod and salmon. <SEP> Sometimes they argued. She said sharks have no bones and shrimp swam backward. <SEP> His encylopedia agreed with Sabella. Next morning he tied a bunch of sea daisies with string and threw them across the V-shaped inlet to the rock where she was swimming around. <SEP> Boy could she catch Like Willie Mays in the outfield. Nobody gave me flowers before. <SEP> Thank you Quint. Her face turned pink with pleasure and a smothered cough. <SEP> You can always tell a real gentleman -- they got a certain je ne say quok. Sometimes they didnt talk at all. <SEP> He daydreamed on the rock while she swam and splashed around. Once when she asked why he never went swimming and he answered Dont feel like it he was tempted to tell her about being scared. <SEP> Victoria began yodeling just then and he went home carrying Sabella in the back of his head not thinking about her just knowing she was there smiling smelling of peppermints. As for his promise -- oh he had plenty of time buckets of time. <SEP> Wednesday morning it happened. They were eating breakfast. <SEP> We beseech thee Lord Gord to bless this food -- that was Victoria saying grace while the baby sprayed raisin toast on her plastic bib. Same old breakfast till the phone rang making his mothers voice shake with excitement. Your Daddys in San Francisco she told them. <SEP> He says hell be here on the one-oclock plane. Fifteen days early -- isnt that wonderful Yeah keen. A cave seemed to be opening in Quints stomach. <SEP> Children well have to get organized. The baby can have an early nap. <SEP> Victoria I want you to -- Quint closed the screen door quietly so Maggie wouldnt be scared. Hurry up were late he said noticing with a chill how gray the sky was this morning the fog like a rope along the horizon the choppy waves sending off sheets of blue and Kool-Aid green. <SEP> The cave in his stomach hurt. He had to go into the water. <SEP> Hed tell Sabella about the nightmare. It had started two years ago when he was in an iron lung. <SEP> What caused it he didnt know. The metal collar gagging his neck <SEP> Sweating so much The unbearable weight on his chest All of it together meant drowning. <SEP> The first time the nurse took him out of the lung she said if he got frightened shed put him back for a second.
cp27.txt:Didnt come unglued easily but this had not been a day of glad tidings. Tax worries production worries personnel worries and the letter from Hanford College his own alma mater a real snapper. <SEP> Hanford realized he had enrolled his son four years ago. Yes the boys credentials were in order -- scholastic transcript character references picture health record successful college boards. <SEP> Due to the many applicants on file would he co-operate and write a personal letter giving them his sons motivation interests and his qualifications for leadership Cady Partlow lit his pipe with no comfort. <SEP> This was it. This was the letter which would or would not enroll his son David in Hanford. His son who had never held an office in any organization in the eighteen years of his life. His son who did not know whether he wanted to be doctor lawyer merchant or chief. <SEP> He wondered if he had played it wrong. Maybe he should have kept in touch. Gone back for reunions. <SEP> He had been busy building a business being a big man in his own town just as he had been a big man at Hanford Class of. Besides Cady Partlow knew he wasnt the old-grad-type. <SEP> It wouldnt help anyway. Look at Pete Alcorn who hadnt missed a Hanford ball game in fifteen years. <SEP> Petes son was rejected. Hanford College Little Ivy League had no room for football players with low grades. <SEP> Cady looked at his own sons scholastic record with pride. Good solid B average with a sprinkling of As in math and science. Imagine his son being that good in science <SEP> Mr. Partlow could still feel a cold sweat on his slightly gray temples as he remembered what a near thing chemistry had been for him at Hanford. Then he hadnt studied very hard. <SEP> Getting elected president of the student body took a lot of time and politicking. He put down his pipe and started to type. <SEP> In response to your letter I can in good conscience recommend my son David in the field of leadership. He stopped and looked at the picture of his son the picture on his desk which had changed with the years from a laughing baby to a candidate for Hanford College. <SEP> He didnt have to be told his son looked like him. David had the same gray eyes high cheekbones dark hair and a certain rugged ugliness. Height. Weight. Health excellent. <SEP> He turned back to the typewriter with a little more confidence. His interests range from astronomy and geology to electronics tennis and swimming. <SEP> His chief motivation for enrolling at Hanford is the desire to -- Mr. Partlow banged his fist on the keyboard ruining the letter. He paced to the window and looked at the city he had helped to build. <SEP> How do you tell a college president that your son doesnt know what he wants to do you have refused to drive him into the family business or push him into a profession so you can say at the club Of course David has known since he was twelve he wanted to be an engineer -- or a lawyer or an editor <SEP> How do you tell a college like Hanford that your son has a vast potential that he will find himself Just give him time give him a chance. <SEP> Cady snapped the Venetian blind shut and slammed himself down before the typewriter rolled in a fresh sheet and gave his letter the same savage attention he bestowed on a salesman who needed to have the bucket taken off his thick head. What a production to make of a letter commending your own son <SEP> His eyebrow went up in amusement at his soul-searching panic. He told Hanford his son wanted to go into the field of electronics. <SEP> He told Hanford his son had participated in numerous high-school activities. He belonged to a social club a civic group little theater swimming team and had been president of the student forum as well as treasurer of the science club. <SEP> He finished with a flurry of good wishes to Hanford College and signed the letter. There that did it. Then he met the grave eyes of his wife Anne from the photograph next to Davids. <SEP> He shoved the unsealed letter into his coat pocket. Better show it to Anne and see if he had omitted anything. After all his wife had written most of his letters for him in those first lean days of Partlow Products. <SEP> Anne had a way with words. Half of it was natural half was Smith College. <SEP> The whole of Anne was something she had never learned in any college. A woman had it or she didnt. <SEP> Anne had it. She said what she meant and let it be. <SEP> She never got on his back. He could take the advice or leave it. <SEP> He whistled as he locked the office and grinned as he got on the elevator. You look like you just heard a real gasser Mr. Partlow. <SEP> Cady looked at Tom who had taken him up and down for fifteen years. I was just thinking how things have changed. <SEP> When I went to college they begged you to come. Be our guest <SEP> Its our pleasure Now you have to be well rounded firm in motivation and pre-packed with knowledge <SEP> Tom slid open the door to the lobby. Thats a fact Mr. Partlow. <SEP> My John applied to six colleges before he got in. Going to State No. <SEP> Hes president of the rocket club here you know. Always messing around with science stuff. Real bright along those lines you might say. He got a science scholarship to Yale. <SEP> Oh said Mr. Partlow thats fine Tom. Just fine. As he drove home through the thinning traffic Cady felt the unease growing. <SEP> He hadnt told anyone but he too had applied to five colleges for David. They had all turned down his son. Weakness in leadership. So sorry. Limited interests. So sorry. No clear motivation. So sorry. <SEP> He suddenly realized when he walked into his own pretty darned expensive house that he needed the Martini Anne had waiting for him. But tonight his drink tasted like branch water and even his favorite meal of steak and tossed salad gave no surcease from the growing weight of the letter in his pocket. <SEP> Looking at Anne ease the tension as it usually did. He liked looking at Anne. <SEP> Most people did. He liked her blond hair and the sprinkle of freckles across her nose. <SEP> From those navy-blue eyes she saw things as clearly and honestly as David did. She always could sense the shag end of a woolly day. Board meeting tonight Cady <SEP> No I begged off. Work to do. I have the car Dad <SEP> Why not let him take it Cady I know it is midweek but its only eight days before commencement. <SEP> Lets forget the rules. Cady deep in thought neither heard nor answered. <SEP> David grinned. Carefully he put down his steak knife and said loudly Mr. Chairman <SEP> Cady Partlows head came up like that of the proverbial fire horse. Im sorry Dave. The car <SEP> Of course you can have it. Dave ate two pieces of pie as he did everything else slowly methodically and with interest. <SEP> Hear anything from Hanford yet Dad Cady begged the question. <SEP> Dont worry about it Dave. Your acceptance will come through. <SEP> Dave shrugged on his sports coat and picked up the car keys. Dont be too sure Dad. <SEP> Charles Burke got turned down by Dartmouth and he is a straight-A student. Anne said it wasnt surprising because Charles was antisocial a lone wolf and completely one-sided. <SEP> I can hardly say the same about you Dave Dave kissed her lightly. <SEP> Girls my dear parent are here to stay Get my old man to bed early. <SEP> He looks a little bit frayed. Anne waited until the door had slammed and picked up the coffeepot. <SEP> Lets go into the library. You do seem somewhat tattered. <SEP> Cady trailed her with the coffee cups and settled into his favorite chair in the comfortable book-lined room. I didnt know I looked so dilapidated Wrong word darling. <SEP> Your fur has been rubbed the wrong way and you show it. Need any help In a way yes. <SEP> Hanford College hasnt decided on Daves application yet. They want a letter from me on his motives interests and leadership. <SEP> Heres what I wrote. Cady handed her the letter drank his coffee and waited with what he suddenly realized was belligerence. <SEP> Already he could feel Annes questioning eyes. I know you wrote this in a hurry but Cady Dave was only acting president of the student forum for a few days. <SEP> That was when half the school was down with flu. He was president. <SEP> He wasnt really elected treasurer of the science club. He just took over the week Bill Daley was in the state basketball play-off. <SEP> Cady stuck his jaw out. The fact remains he was treasurer. And the swimming team. <SEP> No Cady he made second team. Just missed the first. A team is a team insisted Cady. Anything else <SEP> Yes she said quietly. I dont think youve been quite honest Cady. <SEP> It isnt like you. Davids interests. Astronomy. He was mad about stars at the age of nine. Geology You and Dave used his rock collection for the bottom of the fishpond six years ago <SEP> Those arent his interests now. What do you suggest <SEP> Just say he likes swimming tennis chess and music. Music He hasnt been to a symphony concert all season. <SEP> Anne smiled. He plays bass with Chief Crazy Horse and his Five Colts <SEP> You mean that rock-and-roll combo Even in that he never solos like Jack on guitar or Rich on sax. <SEP> Hes -- hes just there thats all. Yes hes just there. <SEP> He keeps the beat going. He likes to play bass because he doesnt have to solo. <SEP> He doesnt like to rise and shine. Dont worry Cady hell be back in the Beethoven fold by next year. <SEP> Cady appeared slightly mollified. All right. I refuse to be brutally honest and mention Chief Crazy Horse and his Five Colts. <SEP> Anne laughed and Cady felt the tension loosen its grip on the back of his neck. Maybe I am padding it a bit Anne he said. <SEP> You know how hard it is to get a boy into a good college. He has to have leadership as well as grades. <SEP> Anne folded the worrisome document. You know he is advertising his ham-radio equipment for sale this weekend <SEP> He hasnt used it now for several years. You really say his motivation for college is electronics <SEP> Cady felt the jolt as though he had stepped off the curb on his heel. What would you say he wants to do Just what <SEP> Its Dave who is applying to Hanford College. Why dont you ask him <SEP> For once Cady Partlow wished Anne would yell at him so he could yell back. I have talked to him but you know Ive never tried to push him into any profession. <SEP> I wont be guilty of trying to run his life. Anne picked up the towel she was hemming for the hospital guild. <SEP> Just because your father tried to make a banker out of you youve leaned over backward to keep your hands off. Subconsciously youve wanted him to conform to your mold. <SEP> You want him to be a leader of men like you. Cady put the well-worn chip back on his shoulder. <SEP> Dave has qualities of leadership. He just hasnt developed them yet. <SEP> Give him time. He never will Cady. Not the kind of leadership you mean working with lots of people. <SEP> All your wishful thinking wont change that. Remember what you used to say in the Army <SEP> You cant run a war with ninety-nine generals and one private Cady walked the block to the mailbox almost ashamed of himself for arguing with Anne.
cf25.txt:Interviews with teen-agers confirmed this portrait of the weakening of religious and ethnic bonds. <SEP> Jewish identity was often confused with social and economic strivings. Being Jewish gives you tremendous drive a boy remarked. <SEP> It means that you have to get ahead. When I pressed for a purely religious definition I encountered the familiar blend of liberal piety interfaith good will and a small residue of ethnic loyalty. <SEP> I like the tradition a girl said. I like to follow the holidays when they come along. <SEP> You dont have to worship in the traditional way. You can communicate in your own way. <SEP> As I see it theres no real difference between being Jewish Catholic or Protestant. Another teen-ager remarked : Most Jews dont believe in God but they believe in people -- in helping people. <SEP> Still another boy asserted : To be a good Jew is to do no wrong its to be a good person. When asked how this was different from being a good Protestant the boy answered Its the same thing. <SEP> This accords with the study by Maier and Spinrad. They discovered that although per cent of a sample of Catholic students and per cent of the Protestants believed it important to live in accordance with the teachings of their religion only per cent of the Jewish students had this conviction. <SEP> The most important aims of the Jewish students were as follows : to make the world a better place to live in -- per cent to get happiness for yourself -- per cent and financial independence -- per cent. Nevertheless most of the teen-agers I interviewed believed in maintaining their Jewish identity and even envisioned joining a synagogue or temple. <SEP> However they were hostile to Jewish Orthodoxy professing to believe in Judaism but in a moderate way. One boy said querulously about Orthodox Jews : Its the twentieth century and they dont have to wear beards. <SEP> The reason offered for clinging to the ancestral faith lacked force and authority even in the teen-agers minds. We were brought up that way was one statement which won general assent. <SEP> I want to show respect for my parents religion was the way in which a boy justified his inhabiting a halfway house of Judaism. Still another suggested that he would join a temple for social reasons since Ill be living in a suburb. <SEP> Intermarriage which is generally regarded as a threat to Jewish survival was regarded not with horror or apprehension but with a kind of mild clinical disapproval. Most of the teen-agers I interviewed rejected it on pragmatic grounds. <SEP> When you marry you want to have things in common a girl said and its hard when you dont marry someone with your own background. A fourteen-year-old girl from the Middle West observed wryly that in her community religion inconveniently interfered with religious activities -- at least with the peripheral activities that many middle class Jews now regard as religious. <SEP> It appears that an Orthodox girl in the community disrupted plans for an outing sponsored by one of the Jewish service groups because she would not travel on Saturday and in addition required kosher food. Another girl from a relatively large midwestern city described herself as the only Orthodox girl in town. <SEP> This is no doubt inaccurate but it does convey how isolated she feels among the vast army of the nonobservant. The older teens One of the significant things about Jewish culture in the older teen years is that it is largely college-oriented. <SEP> Sixty-five per cent of the Jewish teen-agers of college age attend institutions of higher learning. This is substantially higher than the figures for the American population at large --. Per cent for males and. Per cent for females. <SEP> This may help explain a phenomenon described by a small-town Jewish boy. In their first two years in high school Jewish boys in this town make strenuous exertions to win positions on the school teams. <SEP> However in their junior and senior years they generally forego their athletic pursuits presumably in the interest of better academic achievement. It is significant too that the older teen-agers I interviewed believed unlike the younger ones that Jewish students tend to do better academically than their gentile counterparts. <SEP> The percentage of Jewish girls who attend college is almost as high as that of boys. The motivations for both sexes to be sure are different. <SEP> The vocational motive is the dominant one for boys while Jewish girls attend college for social reasons and to become culturally developed. One of the significant developments in American-Jewish life is that the cultural consumers are largely the women. <SEP> It is they who read -- and make -- Jewish best-sellers and then persuade their husbands to read them. In upper teen Jewish life the non-college group tends to have a sense of marginality. <SEP> People automatically assume that Im in college a nineteen-year-old machinist observed irritably. However among the girls there are some morale-enhancing compensations for not going to college. <SEP> The Jewish working girl almost invariably works in an office -- in contradistinction to gentile factory workers -- and buttressed by a respectable income she is likely to dress better and live more expansively than the college student. She is even prone to regard the college girl as immature. The lower-middle class college student <SEP> One of the reasons for the high percentage of Jewish teen-agers in college is that a great many urban Jews are enabled to attend local colleges at modest cost. This is particularly true in large centers of Jewish population like New York Chicago and Philadelphia. <SEP> What is noteworthy about this large group of teen-agers is that although their attitudes hardly differentiate them from their gentile counterparts they actually lead their lives in a vast self-enclosed Jewish cosmos with relatively little contact with the non-Jewish world. Perhaps the Jewish students at Brooklyn College -- constituting per cent of those who attend the day session -- can serve as a paradigm of the urban lower-middle class Jewish student. <SEP> There is to begin an important sex difference. Typically in a lower-middle class Jewish family a son will be sent to an out-of-town school if financial resources warrant it while the daughter will attend the local college. <SEP> There are two reasons for this. First the girls education has a lower priority than the sons. <SEP> Second the attitude in Jewish families is far more protective toward the daughter than toward the son. Most Jewish mothers are determined to exercise vigilance over the social and sexual lives of their daughters by keeping them home. <SEP> The consequence of this is that the girls at Brooklyn College outnumber the boys and do somewhat better academically. One can assume that some of the brightest boys are out of town. <SEP> Brooklyn College students have an ambivalent attitude toward their school. On the one hand there is a sense of not having moved beyond the ambiance of their high school. <SEP> This is particularly acute for those who attended Midwood High School directly across the street from Brooklyn College. They have a sense of marginality at being denied that special badge of status the out-of-town school. <SEP> At the same time there is a good deal of self-congratulation at attending a good college -- they are even inclined to exaggerate its not inconsiderable virtues -- and they express pleasure at the cozy in-group feeling that the college generates. Its people of your own kind a girl remarked. <SEP> You dont have to watch what you say. Of course I would like to go to an out-of-town school where there are all kinds of people but I would want lots of Jewish kids there. <SEP> For most Brooklyn College students college is at once a perpetuation of their ethnic attachments and a breaking away from the cage of neighborhood and family. Brooklyn College is unequivocally Jewish in tone and efforts to detribalize the college by bringing in unimpeachably midwestern types on the faculty have been unavailing. <SEP> However a growing intellectual sophistication and the new certitudes imparted by courses in psychology and anthropology make the students increasingly critical of their somewhat provincial and overprotective parents. The rebellion of these third generation Jews is not the traditional conflict of culture but rather a protest against a culture that they view as softly and insidiously enveloping. <SEP> As long as Im home Ill never grow up a nineteen-year-old boy observed sadly. They dont like it if I do anything away from home. <SEP> Its so much trouble I dont usually bother. For girls the overprotection is far more pervasive. <SEP> Parents will drive on Friday night to pick up their daughters after a sorority or House Plan meeting. A freshman girls father not too long ago called a dean at Brooklyn College and demanded the low-down on a boy who was going out with his daughter. <SEP> The domestic tentacles even extend to the choice of a major field. Under pressure from parents the majority of Brooklyn College girls major in education since that co-ordinates best with marriage plans -- limited graduate study requirement and convenient working hours. <SEP> This means that a great many academically talented girls are discouraged from pursuing graduate work of a more demanding nature. A kind of double standard exists here for Jewish boys and girls as it does in the realm of sex. <SEP> The breaking away from the prison house of Brooklyn is gradual. First the student trains on his hapless parents the heavy artillery of his newly acquired psychological and sociological insights. <SEP> Then with the new affluence there is actually a sallying forth into the wide wide world beyond the precincts of New York. It is significant that the Catskills which used to be the summer playground for older teen-agers a kind of summer suburb of New York no longer attracts them in great numbers -- except for those who work there as waiters bus boys or counselors in the day camps. <SEP> The great world beyond beckons. It should be pointed out that some of the new watering places -- Fire Island Nantucket Westhampton Long Island for example -- tend to be homogeneously Jewish. <SEP> Although Brooklyn College does not yet have a junior-year-abroad program a good number of students spend summers in Europe. In general however the timetable of travel lags considerably behind that of the student at Harvard or Smith. <SEP> Acculturation into the world at large is likely to occur for the Brooklyn College student after college rather than during the four school years. Brooklyn College is Marjorie Morningstar territory as much as the Bronx or Central Park West. <SEP> There are hordes of nubile young women there who prodded by their impatient mothers are determined to marry. It is interesting that although the percentage of married students is not appreciably higher at Brooklyn than elsewhere -- about per cent of the women and per cent of the men in the graduating class -- the anxiety of the unmarried has puffed up the estimate. <SEP> Almost everybody in the senior class is married students say dogmatically. The school newspaper sells space to jubilant fraternities sororities and houses -LRB- in the House Plan Association -RRB- that have good news to impart. <SEP> These announcements are in effect advertisements for themselves as thriving marriage marts. There are boxed proclamations in the newspaper of watchings pinnings ringings engagements and marriages in a scrupulously graded hierarchy of felicity. <SEP> Witt House happily announces the engagement of Fran Horowitz to Erwin Schwartz of Fife House. The Brooklyn College student shows some striking departures from prevailing collegiate models. <SEP> The Ivy League enjoys no easy dominion here and the boys are as likely to dress in rather foppish Continental fashion or even in nondescript working class manner as they are in the restrained button-down Ivy way. The girls are prone to dress far more flamboyantly than their counterparts out of town and eye shadow mascara and elaborate bouffant hairdos -- despite the admonitions of cautious guidance personnel -- are not unknown even in early morning classes. <SEP> Among the boys there is very little bravado about drinking. Brooklyn College is distinctive for not having an official drinking place. <SEP> The Fort Lauderdale encampment for drinking is foreign to most Brooklyn College boys.
cr03.txt:To say I was furious at this unparalleled intrusion upon free enterprise. <SEP> How dared they demand to snoop in private financial records disbursements confidential contracts and agreements It is as though I said on the historic three-hour coast-to-coast radio broadcast which I bought -LRB- following Father Coughlin and pre-empting the Eddie Cantor Manhattan Merry-go-round and Major Bowes shows -RRB- That Man in the White House like some despot of yore insisted on reading my diary raiding my larder and ransacking my lingerie <SEP> My impassioned plea for civil rights created a landslide of correspondence and one sponsor even asked me to consider replacing the Eddie Cantor comedy hour on a permanent basis. What quarter could a poor defenseless woman expect from a dictator who would even make so bold as to close all of the banks in our great nation <SEP> The savage barbarian hordes of red Russian Communism descended on the Athens that was mighty Metronome sacking and despoiling with their Bolshevistic battle cry of Soak the rich After an unspeakable siege lasting the better part of two months it was announced that the studio owed the government a tax debt in excess of eight million dollars while I who had always remained aloof from such iniquitous practices as paying taxes on the salary I had earned and the little I legally inherited as Morris helpless relict was stung with a personal bill of such astronomical proportions as to wipe out all but a fraction of my poor hard-come-by savings. <SEP> I was also publicly reprimanded dragged through the mud by the radical press and made a figure of fun by such leftist publications as The New Republic The New Yorker Time and The Christian Science Monitor. It was then that I availed myself of the rights of a citizen and declared the income tax unconstitutional. <SEP> The litigation was costly and seemingly endless. I fought like a tigress but by the time I appealed my case to the Supreme Court -LRB- -RRB- Mr. Roosevelt and his henchmen had done their dirty work all too well even going so far as to attempt to pack the highest tribunal in the land in order to defeat little me. <SEP> Presidential coercion had succeeded not only in poisoning the courtiers toadies and sycophants of the bench against me but it had been so far-reaching as to discourage any lawyer in the nation from representing me I was ready like Portia to present my own brief. <SEP> The Supreme Court wouldnt even hear my case My plea was unanimously voted down and thrown out. <SEP> Again my name was on all the front pages. I was it seemed persona non grata in every quarter but not entirely without a staunch following of noted political thinkers and students of jurisprudence. <SEP> As Charles Evans Hughes said Miss Poitrines limitations as an actress are exceeded only by her logic as a litigant. Albert Einstein was quoted as saying : The workings of the womans mind amaze me. <SEP> Henry Ford spoke of me as utterly astounding. Heywood Broun wrote : Belle Poitrine is the most original thinker since Caligula and even F.D.R. Had to concede that if the rest of this nation showed the foresight and patriotism of Miss Poitrine America would rapidly resemble ancient Babylon and Nineveh. <SEP> Not only were the court costs prohibitive but I was subjected to crippling fines in addition to usurious interest on the unpaid debts which the government claimed that Metronome and I owed -- a severe financial blow. As Manny said had the notoriety done my career any good. <SEP> My enemies were only too anxious to level against me such charges as reactionary robber baroness and even traitor Traitor indeed I point now with pride to the fact that long ere the Committee on Un-American Activities the Minute Women the Economic Council and other such notable watchdog organizations were so much as heard of I was Hollywoods leading bulwark against communism fighting single-handedly creeping socialism against such insuperable odds as the Fascio-Communist troops of the NRA PWA WPA CCC and an army of more than twenty-two million mercenaries whom F.D.R. Employed secretly through the transparent ruse of regular relief checks. <SEP> Needless to say my art suffered drastically during this turbulent period. It do otherwise <SEP> Even though I have always had a genius for throwing myself into every role and playing it for all its worth no actress can be expected to do her best work when her fortune her reputation her livelihood her home and her nation itself are all imperilled. Such sweeping distractions are hardly conducive to Oscar winning performances. <SEP> I tried my hardest with little help may I say from my husband and leading man but somehow the outside pressures were too severe. Having -LRB- through my unflagging effort and devotion -RRB- achieved stardom a fortune and a world-renowned wife at an age when most young men are casting their first vote Letch proceeded to neglect them all. <SEP> Never a quick study he now made no attempt to learn his lines and many a mile of film was wasted many a scene -- sometimes involving as many as a thousand fellow thespians -- was taken thirty forty fifty times because Miss Poitrines co-star and helpmate had never learned his part. Each time Letch went up in his lines I was the one to be patient helpful and apologetic while he indulged in outbursts of temperament profanity and abuse blaming others going into sulks and on more occasions than I care to count storming off the set for the rest of the day. <SEP> As for his finances I was never privileged to know exactly how much money Letch had salted away. It was I who paid for our little home the food the liquor the servants -- even Letchs bills at his tailor and the Los Angeles Athletic Club. <SEP> Never once did he buy me a single gift and for our third anniversary he gave me a dislocated jaw. -LRB- But that is another story. -RRB- As for his private monies they were rapidly dissipated in drinking gaming and carousing. <SEP> More than once I was confronted by professional gamblers bookies loan sharks gangsters thugs and finger men -- people of a class I did not even know existed -- to repay my husbands staggering losses or else I shuddered to think that someone so dear to me could even associate with such a sinister milieu. <SEP> At three different times during our turbulent marriage strange girls with the commonest of accents telephoned to announce to me that Letch had sired their unborn children Having the deepest of maternal instincts my heart fairly bled when I thought of the darling pink and white bundles from heaven I would have proudly given my husband. <SEP> Ah youre too old was invariably his ungallant and untrue retort whenever I suggested starting a family. Letch had made it abundantly clear that he did not care for the company of my own precious daughter. <SEP> I now felt it wiser to keep Baby-dear in school and -- during the summers -- at a camp run by the Society of Friends all year around. Her presence only made Letch more distant and irritable and in the hurry of buying Chateau Belletch I had neglected to consider a room for Baby-dear so there was no place to put her anyhow. <SEP> -LRB- I sometimes feel that God in His infinite wisdom wants us to have these inexplicable little lapses of memory. It almost always works out for the best. -RRB- <SEP> Yet I adored this man Letch Feeley why I can not say. With faint heart and a brave smile I endured his long absences from Chateau Belletch his coldness his indifference his slights and his abuse. The times I can recall when I was publicly humiliated by him -- lovely dinner parties in our Trianon Suite where the collation was postponed and postponed and postponed only to be served dry and overcooked at a table where the hosts chair was vacant a splash party at the new pool which I had built in the hope of keeping Letch away from public beaches when Letch and a certain Aquacutie stayed underwater together for the better part of an hour a lovely Epiphany party at Errol Flynns on which sacred occasion Letch stole away with an unknown starlet leaving me high and dry to get home as best I could. <SEP> These are but a sampling of the insults I endured. As Mrs. Letch Feeley was it any wonder that I once the social arbiter of Filmdom was excluded from the smart entertainments given by the Astaires the Coopers the Gables the Colmans the Rathbones the Taylors the Thalbergs and such devout closely knit families as the Barrymores and the Crosbys <SEP> As Letchs antisocial conduct increased our invitations decreased and my heart was in my mouth whenever I played hostess at a fashionable screenland gathering. Between and Letch and I made ten films together each less successful both artistically and commercially than the one before it. <SEP> Our last joint venture Sainted Lady a deeply religious film based on the life of Mother Cabrini and timed so that its release date would coincide with the beatification of Americas first saint in November was a fiasco from start to finish. As I was playing Mother Cabrini the picture was actually all mine with nearly every scene built around me. <SEP> In order to keep Letch in the public eye and out of trouble I wrote in a part especially for him -- that of a dashing ruffian who sees the light and is saved by the inspiring example of Mother Cabrini. He appreciate my efforts on his behalf <SEP> he trouble to memorize the very small part which I had tailor-made to his specifications a role eventually cut down to three short speeches he show the rest of the cast -- numbering four thousand -- the consideration of arriving at the studio punctually -- or even at all <SEP> He did not The shooting went on for eight months <SEP> Most of our working days were spent on the telephone calling bookies illegal gambling dens a certain residential club for young actresses more than a hundred different bars or the steam room of the athletic club. Whenever he deigned to appear at the studio he was hung over uncooperative rude and insulting. <SEP> He made many tasteless irreverent and unfunny remarks not only about me in the title role but about religion in general. By the time the film was released we were three million dollars over-spent war was imminent and the public apparently had forgotten all about Mother Cabrini. <SEP> Thanks to Letch Feeley and the terrible strain he imposed on me the notices were few and unfavorable. Only George Santayana seemed to understand and appreciate the film when he wrote : Miss Poitrine has perpetrated the most eloquent argument for the Protestant faith yet unleashed by Hollywood. <SEP> It was small consolation. In a rare fit of anger and spite I farmed out my own husband to a small and most undistinguished studio to make one picture as a form of punishment. -LRB- An actor must have discipline. -RRB- <SEP> The film was called The Diet of Worms which I felt was just what Letch deserved. It turned out to be a life of Martin Luther of all things <SEP> It was a disaster In clothes Letch simply did not project. <SEP> He was laughed off the screen. At the same time however I availed myself of the services of that great English actor and master of make-up Sir Gauntley Pratt to do a quickie called The Mystery of the Mad Marquess in which I played a young American girl who inherits a haunted castle on the English moors which is filled with secret passages and sliding panels and unbeknownst to anyone is still occupied by an eccentric maniac. <SEP> It was a potboiler made on a shoestring and not the sort of film I like as all I had to do was look blank and scream a great deal. My heart was not in it but oddly enough it remains the most financially successful picture of my career. -LRB- I watched it on television late one night last week and it stands up remarkably well even twenty years later. -RRB- <SEP> Letch had returned from his debacle unrepentant and more badly behaved than before. I really loved that boy and in a feverish attempt to preserve our marriage and to try to revive the wonderful wonderful person Letch had once been I took my troubles to Momma hoping that her earthy advice would help me. <SEP> If I could only think of something at the studio near me to absorb his boundless energy I said. What is Letch interested in <SEP> Bookies booze and babes Momma said bluntly. Her reply stung me but this was too important to let my hurt make any difference. <SEP> I cant turn the studio into a gambling hell or a saloon I said.
ck28.txt:Downstairs with the tray Winston wished he could have given in to Miss Ada but he knew better than to do what she said when she had that little-girl look. <SEP> There were times it wasnt right to make a person happy like the times she came in the kitchen and asked know we dont keep peanut butter for a peanut butter sandwich. You in this house he always told her. Why Winston shed cry I just now saw you eating it out of the jar <SEP> he knew how important it was for her to keep her figure. In the kitchen Leona his little young wife was reading the morning paper. <SEP> Her legs hung down long and thin as she sat on the high stool. Here Winston said gently whats these dishes doing not washed <SEP> The enormous plates which had held Mr. Jacks four fried eggs and five strips of bacon were still stacked in the sink. Leave me alone Leona said. <SEP> You see Im busy She looked at him impudently over the corner of the paper. <SEP> This is moving day Winston reminded her and I bet you left things every which way upstairs your clothes all over the floor and the bed not made. Leona His eye had fastened on her leg bending he touched her knee. If I catch you one more time down here without stockings -- She twitched her leg away. <SEP> Fuss fuss old man. She had an alley cats manners. <SEP> Winston stacked Miss Adas thin pink dishes in the sink. Then he spread out the last list on the counter. <SEP> To Be Left Behind was printed at the top in Miss Ada fine hand. Winston took out a pencil admired the point and wrote slowly and heavily Clothes Stand. <SEP> Sighing Leona dropped the paper and stood up. I guess I better get ready to go. <SEP> Winston watched her fumbling to untie her apron. Here. Carefully he undid the bow. <SEP> How come your bows is always cockeyed She turned and put her arms around his neck. <SEP> I dont want to leave here Winston. Now listen to that. <SEP> He drew back embarrassed and pleased. I thought you was sick to death of this big house. <SEP> Said you wore yourself out cleaning all these empty rooms. At least there is room here she said. <SEP> What room is there going to be in an apartment for any child I told you what Miss Adas doctor said. <SEP> I dont mean Miss Ada What you think I care about that <SEP> I mean our children. She sounded as though they already existed. <SEP> In spite of the hundred things he had on his mind Winston went and put his arm around her waist. Weve got plenty of time to think about that. All the time in the world. <SEP> Weve only been married four years January. Four years She wailed. <SEP> Thats a long time waiting. How many times have I told you -- he began and was almost glad when she cut him off -- Too many times -- and flounced to the sink where she began noisily to wash her hands. <SEP> Too many times was the truth of it Winston thought. He hardly believed his reason himself any more. <SEP> Although it had seemed a good reason to begin with : no couple could afford to have children. How you going to work with a child hanging on you He asked Leona. <SEP> You want to keep this job dont you He doubted whether she heard him over the running water. <SEP> He sat for a while with his hands on his knees watching the bend of her back as she gathered up her things -- a comb a bottle of aspirin -- to take upstairs and pack. She made him sad some days and he was never sure why it was something to do with her back the thinness of it and the quick jerky way she bent. <SEP> She was too young that was all too young and thin and straight. Winston It was Mr. Jack bellowing out in the hall. <SEP> Winston hurried through the swinging door. Ive been bursting my lungs for you Mr. Jack complained. <SEP> He was standing in front of the mirror tightening his tie. He had on his gray tweed overcoat and his city hat and his brief case lay on the bench. <SEP> I dont know what you think youve been doing about my clothes he said. This coat looks like a rag heap. <SEP> There were a few blades of lint on the shoulder. Winston took the clothesbrush out of the closet and went to work. <SEP> He gave Mr. Jack a real going-over he brushed his shoulders and his back and his collar with long firm strokes. Hey Mr. Jack cried when the brush tipped his hat down over his eyes. <SEP> Winston apologized and quickly set the hat right. Then he stood back to look at Mr. Jack who was pulling on his pigskin gloves. <SEP> Winston enjoyed seeing him start out he wore his clothes with style. When he was going to town nothing was good enough -- he had cursed at Winston once for leaving a fleck of polish on his shoelace. <SEP> At home he wouldnt even wash his hands for supper and he wandered around the yard in a pair of sweaty old corduroys. The velvet smoking jackets pearl-gray wine and blue which Miss Ada had bought him hung brushed and unworn in the closet. <SEP> Good-by Winston Mr. Jack said giving a final set to his hat. Look out for those movers <SEP> Winston watched him hurry down the drive to his car a handsome fine-looking man it made him proud to see. After Mr. Jack drove away Winston went on looking out the window. <SEP> He noticed a speck of dirt on the sill and swiped at it with his finger. Then he looked at his finger at the wrinkled heavy knuckle and the thick nail he used like a knife to pry up slit and open. <SEP> For the first time he be sad about the move. That house was ten years off his life let himself. <SEP> Each brass handle and hinge shone for his reward and he knew how to get at the dust in the china flowers and how to take down the long glass drops which hung from the chandelier. He knew the house like a blind man through his fingers and he did not like to think of all the time and rags and polishes he had spent on keeping it up. <SEP> Ten years ago he had come to the house to be interviewed. The tulips and the big pink peonies had been blooming along the drive and he had walked up from the bus almost singing. <SEP> Miss Ada had been out back in a straw hat planting flowers. She had talked to him right there with the hot sun in his face which made him sweat and feel ashamed. <SEP> Winston had been surprised at her for that. Still he had liked the way she had looked in a fresh neat cotton dress -- citron yellow if he remembered. <SEP> She had had a dignity about her even barefoot and almost too tan. Since then the flowers she had planted had spread all over the hill. <SEP> Already the jonquils were blooming in a flock by the front gate and the periwinkles were coming on blue by the porch steps. In a week the hyacinths would spike out. And the dogwood in early May for Miss Adas alfresco party and after that the Japanese cherries. <SEP> Now the yard looked wet and bald the trees bare under their buds but in a while Miss Adas flowers would bloom like a marching parade. She had dug a hole for each bulb each tree wore a tag with her writing on it where would she go for her gardening now <SEP> Somehow Winston didnt think shed take to window boxes. Sighing he hurried to the living room. <SEP> He had a thousand things to see to. Still he couldnt help thinking were all getting old getting small the snail is pulling in her horns. <SEP> In the living room Miss Ada was standing by the window with a sheaf of lists in her hand. She was looking out at the garden. <SEP> Winston she said get the basket for the breakables. Winston had the big straw basket ready in the hall. <SEP> He brought it in and put it down beside her. Miss Ada was looking fine she had on her Easter suit blue with lavender binding. <SEP> Halfway across the house he could have smelled her morning perfume. It hung in all her day clothes sweet and strong sometimes when he was pressing Winston raised her dresses to his face. <SEP> Frowning Miss Ada studied the list. Well lets see. The china lemon tree. The alabaster cockatoo. <SEP> Winston followed her around the room collecting the small frail objects -LRB- Christmas birthday and anniversary -RRB- and wrapping them in tissue paper. Neither of them trusted the movers. <SEP> When they came to Mr. Jacks photograph twenty by twelve inches in a curly silver frame Miss Ada said By rights I ought to leave that seeing he wont take my clotheshorse. She smiled at Winston and he saw the hateful hard glitter in her eyes. <SEP> He picked up the photograph and began to wrap it. At least you could leave it for the movers Miss Ada said. <SEP> What possessed you to tell me a clotheshorse would be a good idea Winston folded the tissue paper carefully. <SEP> Hes used it every day every morning I lay out his clothes on it. Well thats over now. <SEP> It was his main present Leave that fool picture out she added sharply. <SEP> Winston laid it in the basket. Mr. Jack sets store by that. Really Winston. <SEP> It was meant to be my present. She went on down the list. <SEP> Winston was relieved those presents had been on his mind. He had only agreed with Miss Ada about getting the valet but he had actually suggested the photograph to Mr. Jack. <SEP> You know what she likes Winston he had said wearily one evening in November when Winston was pulling off his overshoes. Tell me what to get her for Christmas. <SEP> Shes been talking about a picture Winston had told him. Picture You mean picture of me <SEP> Winston had persuaded him. On Christmas night they had had a disagreement about it. <SEP> Winston had heard because he was setting up the liquor tray in the next room. Through the door he had seen Mr. Jack walking around waiting for Miss Ada. <SEP> Finally she had come down Winston had heard her shaking out the skirt of her new pink silk hostess gown. How do you like it She had asked. <SEP> Mr. Jack had said You look about fifteen years old. That a compliment <SEP> I dont know. He had stood at a little distance studying her as though he would walk around next and look at the back of her head. <SEP> Lovie you make me feel naked. Miss Ada had giggled and she went sweeping and rustling to the couch and sank down. <SEP> You look like that picture I have at the office Mr. Jack had started. Not a line not a wrinkle. I look like an old man compared and he had picked up his photograph with the red Christmas bow still on it. Look an old man. <SEP> You wear pink when youre sixty Darling I love that photograph. <SEP> Im going to put it on my dresser. I guess its children make a woman old. <SEP> A man gets old anyhow. After a minute he went on People must think the curse is on me seeing you fresh as an apple and me old and gray. <SEP> Ill give you a medical certificate framed if you like Miss Ada had said. No. All I want is a picture -- with a few lines. <SEP> Make the man put them in if he has to. After that they had sat for five minutes without saying a word. <SEP> Then Miss Ada had stood up rustling and rustling and gone upstairs.
cg31.txt:Feeling of identity with Sara Sullam was crowned by her discovery of the coincidence that Saras epitaph in the Jewish cemetery in Venice referred to her as the Sulamite. <SEP> Into the texture of this tapestry of history and human drama Henrietta as every artist delights to do wove strands of her own intuitive insights into human nature and -- especially in the remarkable story of the attraction and conflict between two so disparate and fervent characters as this pair -- into the relations of men and women : In their relations she was the giver and he the receiver nay the demander. His feeling always exacted sacrifices from her. <SEP> One is so accustomed to think of men as the privileged who need but ask and receive and women as submissive and yielding that our sympathies are usually enlisted on the side of the man whose love is not returned and we condemn the woman as a coquette. The very firmness of her convictions and logical clearness of her arguments captivated and stimulated him to make greater efforts usually this is most exasperating to men who expect every woman to verify their preconceived notions concerning her sex and when she does not immediately condemn her as eccentric and unwomanly. <SEP> She had the opportunity that few clever women can resist of showing her superiority in argument over a man. Women themselves have come to look upon matters in the same light as the outside world and scarcely find any wrong in submitting to the importunities of a stronger will even when their affections are withheld. <SEP> She was exposing herself to temptation which it is best to avoid where it can consistently be done. One who invites such trials of character is either foolhardy overconfident or too simple and childlike in faith in mankind to see the danger. <SEP> In any case but the last such a course is sure to avenge itself upon the individual the moral powers no more than the physical and mental can bear overstraining. In the last case a bitter disappointment but too often meets the confiding nature. <SEP> Henrietta was discovering in the process of writing as the born writer does not merely a channel for the discharge of accumulated information but a stimulus to the development of the creative powers of observation insight and intuition. Dr. Isaacs was so pleased with the quality of her biographical study of Sara Sullam that he considered submitting it to the Century Magazine or Harpers but he decided that its Jewish subject probably would not interest them and published it in The Messenger so our readers will be benefited instead. <SEP> Under her fathers influence it did not occur to Henrietta that she might write on subjects outside the Jewish field but she did begin writing for other Anglo-Jewish papers and thus increased her output and her audience. She wrote the libretto for an oratorio on the subject of Judas Maccabeus performed at the Hanukkah festival which came in December. <SEP> By her eighteenth birthday her bent for writing was so evident that Papa and Mamma gave her a Life Of Dickens as a spur to her aspiration. Another source of intellectual stimulus was opened to her at that time by the founding of Johns Hopkins University within walking distance of home. <SEP> It was established in a couple of buildings in the shopping district with only a few professors but all eminent men and a few hundred eager students housed in nearby dwellings. In September Thomas Huxley Darwins famous disciple came from England to speak in a crowded auditorium at the formal opening of the University and although it was a school for men only it afforded Henrietta an opportunity to attend its public lectures. <SEP> In the following year her father undertook to give a course in Hebrew theology to Johns Hopkins students and this brought to the Szold house a group of bright young Jews who had come to Baltimore to study and who enjoyed being fed and mothered by Mamma and entertained by Henrietta and Rachel who played and sang for them in the upstairs sitting room on Sunday evenings. From Philadelphia came Cyrus Adler and Joseph Jastrow. <SEP> Adler Judge Sulzbergers nephew came to study Assyriology. A smart shrewd and ambitious young man well connected and with a knack for getting in the good graces of important people he was bound to go far. <SEP> Joseph Jastrow the younger son of the distinguished rabbi Marcus Jastrow was a friendly round-faced fellow with a little mustache whose field was psychology and who was also a punster and a jolly tease. His father was a good friend of Rabbi Szold and Joe lived with the Szolds for a while. <SEP> Both these youths who greatly admired Henrietta were somewhat younger than she as were also the neighboring Friedenwald boys who were then studying medicine and bright though they all were they could not possibly compete for her interest with Papa whose mind -- although he never tried to dazzle or patronize lesser lights with it -- naturally eclipsed theirs and made them seem to her even younger than they were. Besides Miss Henrietta -- as she was generally known since she had put up her hair with a chignon in the back -- had little time to spare them from her teaching and writing so Cyrus Adler became interested in her friend Racie Friedenwald and Joe Jastrow -- the only young man who when he wrote had the temerity to address her as Henrietta and signed himself Joe -- fell in love with pretty sister Rachel. <SEP> Henrietta however was at that time engaged in a lengthy correspondence with Joes older and more serious brother Morris who was just about her own age and whom she had got to know well during trips to Philadelphia with Papa when he substituted for Rabbi Jastrow at Rodeph Shalom Temple there during its Rabbis absence in Europe. Young Morris who while attending the University of Pennsylvania also taught and edited a paper found time to write Henrietta twenty-page letters on everything that engaged his interest from the acting of Sarah Bernhardt in Philadelphia to his reactions to the comments of Sulamith on the Jewish reform movement being promulgated by the Hebrew Union College in Cincinnati. <SEP> Unlike his younger brother Joe he never presumed to address her more familiarly than as My dear friend although he praised and envied the elegance and purity of her style. When he complained of the lack of time for all he wanted to do Henrietta advised him to rise at five in the morning as she and Papa did. <SEP> One thing Papa had not taught Henrietta was how to handle a young man as high-spirited and opinionated as herself. She could not resist the opportunity of showing her superiority in argument over a man which she had remarked as one of the feminine follies of Sara Sullam and in her forthright way Henrietta who in her story of Sara had indicated her own unwillingness to think of men as the privileged and women as submissive and yielding felt obliged to defend vigorously any statement of hers to which Morris Jastrow took the slightest exception -- he objected to her stand on the Corbin affair as well as on the radical reforms of Dr. Wise of Hebrew Union College -- until once in sheer desperation he wrote that he had given up hope they would ever agree on anything. <SEP> That did not prevent him from writing more long letters or from coming to spend his Christmas vacations with the hospitable lively Szolds in their pleasant house on Lombard Street. S : little women weve got Father and Mother and each other said Beth on the first page of Louisa Alcotts Little Women and I do think that families are the most beautiful things in all the world burst out Jo some five hundred pages later in that popular story of the March family which had first appeared when Henrietta was eight and the Szold family as it developed bore a striking resemblance to the Marches. <SEP> Mr. March like Benjamin Szold was a clergyman although of an indeterminate denomination and Marmee March like Sophie Szold was the competent manager of her brood of girls of whom the Marches had only four to the Szolds five. The March girls had their counterparts in the Szold girls. <SEP> Henrietta could easily identify herself with Jo March although Jo was not the eldest sister. Neither was Henrietta hoydenish like Jo who frankly wished she were a boy and had deliberately shortened her name which like Henriettas was the feminine form of a boys name. <SEP> Both were high-spirited and vivacious both had tempers to control both loved languages especially English and German both were good teachers and wrote for publication. Each was her mothers assistant and confidante and each stood out conspicuously in the family picture. <SEP> Bertha Szold was more like Meg the eldest March girl who learned that a womans happiest kingdom is home her highest honor the art of ruling it not as a queen but a wise wife and mother. Bertha blue-eyed like Mamma was from the start her mothers daughter destined for her mothers role in life. <SEP> Sadie like Beth March suffered ill health -- got rheumatic fever and had to be careful of her heart -- but that never dampened her spirits. When her right hand was incapacitated by the rheumatism Sadie learned to write with her left hand. <SEP> She wrote gay plays about the girls for family entertainments like Oh What Fun A Comedy In Three Acts in which under Personages Henrietta appeared as A Schoolmarm and Bertha who was only a trifle less brilliant in high school than Henrietta had been appeared as Dummkopf. Sadie studied piano played Chopin in the Soiree Musicale of Mr. Guthries Pupils and she recited Hectors Farewell To Andromache most movingly to the special delight of Rabbi Jastrow at his home in Germantown near Philadelphia where the Szold girls took turns visiting between the visits of the Jastrow boys at the Szolds in Baltimore. <SEP> Adele like Amy the youngest of the Marches was the rebellious mischievous rather calculating and ambitious one. For Rachel conceded to be the prettiest of the Szold girls -- and she did make a pretty picture sitting in the grape-arbor strumming her guitar and singing in her silvery tones -- there was no particular March counterpart but both groups were so closely knit that despite individual differences the family life in both cases was remarkably similar in atmosphere if not entirely in content -- the one being definitely Jewish and the other vaguely Christian. <SEP> The Szolds like the Marches enjoyed and loved living together even in troubled times and as in the March home any young man who called on the Szolds found himself confronted with a phalanx of femininity which made it rather difficult to direct his particular attention to any one of them. This included Mamma jolly generous and pretty with whom they all fell in love just as Papa had first fallen in love with her Mamma before he chose her and when a young man like Morris Jastrow had enjoyed the Szold hospitality he felt obliged to send his respects and his gifts not merely to Henrietta in whom he was really interested but to all the Szold girls and Mamma. <SEP> Just as Laurie Lawrence was first attracted to bright Jo March who found him immature by her high standards and then had to content himself with her younger sister Amy so Joe Jastrow who had also been writing Henrietta before he came to Johns Hopkins had to content himself with her younger sister pretty Rachel. Like Jo March who saw her sisters Meg and Amy involved in lovering before herself Henrietta saw her sisters Rachel and Sadie drawn outside their family circle by the attraction of suitors Rachel by Joe Jastrow and Sadie by Max Lobl a young businessman who would write her romantic descriptions of his trips by steamboat down the Mississippi.
cg26.txt:Of which brings up another problem in the use of psychoanalytic insight in a literary work. <SEP> The Oedipus complex the clinical syndrome material for a tragedy If we remove ourselves for a moment from our time and our infatuation with mental disease isnt there something absurd about a hero in a novel who is defeated by his infantile neurosis <SEP> I am not making a clinical judgment here for such personal tragedies are real and are commonplace in the analysts consulting room but literature makes a different claim upon our sympathies than tragedy in life. A man in a novel who is defeated in his childhood and condemned by unconscious forces within him to tiredly repeat his earliest failure in love only makes us a little weary of man his tragedy seems unworthy and trivial. <SEP> Now we can argue that the irresistible fate of Oedipus Rex was nothing more than the irresistible unconscious longings of Oedipus projected outward but this externalization of unconscious conflict makes all the difference between a story and a clinical case history. We can also argue that the three brothers Karamazov and Smerdyakov were the external representatives of an internal conflict within one man Dostoevsky a conflict having to do with father-murder and the wish to possess the fathers woman. <SEP> A novel in which one man Karamazov explored the divisions within his personality would scarcely merit publication in the Psychoanalytic Quarterly. It is a mistake to look upon the Oedipus of Oedipus Complex as a literary descendant of Oedipus Rex. <SEP> Whatever the psychological truth in the Oedipus myth an Oedipus who is drawn to his fate by irresistible external forces can carry the symbol of humanity and its archaic crime and the incest that is unknowing renews the mystery of the eternal dream of childhood and absorbs us in the secret. A modern Oedipus who is doomed because he can not oppose his own childhood is only pathetic and for renouncing the mystery in favor of psychological truth he gives up the claim on our sympathies. <SEP> I am suggesting that a case-history approach to the Oedipus complex is a blind alley for a storyteller. The best gifts of the novelist will be wasted on the reader who is insulated against any surprises the novelist may have in store for him. <SEP> Incest is still a durable theme but if it wants to get written about it will have to find ways to surprise the emotions and there is no better way to do this than that of concealment and symbolic representation. The best way to conceal and disguise the elements of an incest story is not to set out to write an incest story. <SEP> Which brings to mind another Lawrence story and some interesting comparisons in the treatment of the Oedipal theme. The Rocking Horse Winner is also a story about a boys love for his mother. <SEP> If I now risk some comparisons with Sons And Lovers let it be clear that I am not comparing the two works or judging their merits I am only singling out differences in treatment of a theme and the resultant effects. The Rocking Horse Winner is a fantasy with extraordinary power to disturb the reader -- but we do not know why. <SEP> It is the story of the hopeless love of a little boy for his cold and vain mother. There are ghostly scenes in which the little boy on his rocking horse rocks madly toward the climax that will magically give him the name of the winning horse. <SEP> The child grows rich on his winnings and conspires with his uncle to make secret gifts of his money to his mother. The story ends in the childs illness and delirium brought on by the feverish compulsion to ride his horse to win for his mother. <SEP> The child dies with his mourning mother at his bedside. I had read the story many times without asking myself why it affected me or caring why it did. <SEP> On one occasion when I encountered a similar fantasy in a little boy who was my patient I began to understand the uncanny effects of this story. It was of course a little boys fantasy of winning his mother to himself and replacing the father who could not give her the things she wanted -- a classical oedipal fantasy if you like -- but if it were only this the story would be banal. <SEP> Why does the story affect us How does the rocking exert its uncanny effect upon the reader <SEP> The rocking is actually felt in the story a terrible and ominous rhythm that prophesies the tragedy. The rocking I realized is the single element in the story that carries the erotic message the unspoken and unconscious undercurrent that would mar the innocence of a childs fantasy and disturb the effects of the work if it were made explicit. The rocking has the ambiguous function of keeping the erotic undercurrent silent and making it present it conceals and yet is suggestive a perfect symbol. <SEP> If we understand the rocking as an erotic symbol we can also see how well it serves as the symbol of impending tragedy. For this love of the boy for his mother is a hopeless and forbidden love doomed by its nature. <SEP> We are also struck by the fact that this story of a boys love for his mother does not offend while the incestuous love of the man Paul Morel sometimes repels. Its easy to see why. <SEP> This love belongs to childhood we accord it its place there and in Lawrences treatment we are given the innocent fantasy of a child in fact the form in which oedipal love is expressed in childhood. When the child dies in Lawrences story in a delirium that is somehow brought on by his mania to win and to make his mother rich the manifest absurdity of such a disease and such a death does not enter into our thoughts at all. <SEP> We have so completely entered the childs fantasy that his illness and his death are the plausible and the necessary conclusion. I am sure that none of the effects of this story were consciously employed by Lawrence to describe an oedipal fantasy in childhood. <SEP> It is most probable that Freud and the Oedipus complex never entered his head in the writing of this story. He was simply writing a story that wanted to be told and in the writing a childhood fantasy of his own emerged. <SEP> He would not have cared why it emerged he only wanted to capture a memory to play with it again in his imagination and somehow to fix and hold in the story the disturbing emotions that accompanied the fantasy. In our own time we have seen that the novelists debt to psychoanalysis has increased but that the novel itself has not profited much from this marriage. <SEP> Ortegas hope that modern psychology might yet bring forth a last flowering of the novel has only been partially fulfilled. The young writer seems intimidated by psychological knowledge he has lost confidence in his own eyes and in the validity of his own psychological insights. <SEP> He borrows the insights of psychology to improve his impaired vision but can not bring to his work the distinctive vision that should be a novelists own. He has been seduced by the marvels of the unconscious and has lost interest in studying the surfaces of character. <SEP> If many of the characters in contemporary novels appear to be the bloodless relations of characters in a case history it is because the novelist is often forgetful today that those things that we call character manifest themselves in surface behavior that the ego is still the executive agency of personality and that all we know of personality must be discerned through the ego. The novelist who has been badly baptized in psychoanalysis often gives us the impression that since all men must have an Oedipus complex all men must have the same faces. <SEP> I have argued that Oedipus of the Oedipus complex has a doubtful future as a tragic figure in literature. A writer who has a taste for irony and who sees incest in all its modern dimensions can let his imagination work on the disturbing joke in the incest myth the joke that strikes right at the center of mans humanness. <SEP> Moral dread is seen as the other face of desire and here psychoanalysis delivers to the writer a magnificent irony and a moral problem of great complexity. There is probably some significance in the fact that two of the best incest stories I have encountered in recent years are burlesques of the incest myth. <SEP> The ancient types are reassembled in gloom and foreboding to be irresistibly drawn to their destinies but the myth fails before the modern truth the oracle speaks false and the dream speaks true. In both the farmers tale in Ralph Ellisons Invisible Man and in Thomas Manns The Holy Sinner the incest hero rises above the myth by accepting the wish as motive the heroic act is the casting off of pretense. <SEP> Thomas Mann wrote The Holy Sinner in. It was conceived as a leave-taking a kind of melancholy gathering-in of the myths of the West bevor die Nacht sinkt eine lange Nacht vielleicht und ein tiefes Vergessen. <SEP> He chose a medieval legend of incest Gregorius Vom Stein and freely borrowed and parodied other myths of the West mixing themes language peoples and times in a master myth in which the old forms continually renew themselves as in his previous treatment of Joseph. The Holy Sinner is not simply a retelling of old stories for an old mans entertainment. <SEP> Mann understood better than most men the incest comedy at the center of the myth and the psychological truth in which dread is shown as the other face as longing was for him just the kind of deep and complicated joke he liked to tell. And when he retold the legend of Gregorius he interpolated a modern version in which the medieval players speak contemporary thoughts in archaic language while they move through the pageantry of the ancient incest myth and cover themselves through not-knowing they reveal the unconscious motive in seeking each other and in the last scene make an extraordinary confession of guilt in the twentieth-century manner. <SEP> Grigorss is the child of an incestuous union between a royal brother and sister the twins Sibylla and Wiligis. He is born in secrecy after the death of his father and cast adrift soon after birth. <SEP> The infant is discovered by a fisherman who brings him home to rear him. An ivory tablet in the infants cask recounts the story of his sinful origins and is preserved for the child by the monks of a monastery in the fishing village. <SEP> Grigorss at seventeen learns his story and goes forth as a knight to uncover his origins. His sailing vessel is guided by fate to the shores of his own country at a time when Sibyllas domain is overrun by the armies of one of her rejected suitors. <SEP> Grigorss overcomes the suitor in battle delivers the city from its oppressors and marries Sibylla who had fallen in love with the beautiful knight the moment she saw him. Sibylla is pregnant with their second child when she finds the ivory tablet concealed by her husband and the identities of mother and son are revealed. <SEP> Grigorss goes off to do penance on a rock for seventeen years. At the end of this period two pious Christians in Rome receive the revelation which leads them to seek the next Pope on the rock. <SEP> Grigorss comes to Rome and becomes a great and beloved Pope. In the last pages of the book Sibylla comes to Rome to seek an audience with the great Pope and to give her confession. <SEP> Mother and son recognize each other and in Manns version of this legend make a remarkable confession of guilt to each other the confession of unconscious motive and unconscious knowledge of their true identities from the time they had first set eyes on each other.
cn19.txt:Had better write a postcard to Walter. <SEP> He opened the myth book again and there -LRB- along the margin next to Robert Graves imaginative interpretation of the creation of the Dactyls from Rheas fingertips -RRB- were the names of four Munich bars and Meredith Wilders address. The bars were marked as Walter had marked them in a small black book kept in a nearly secret drawer. <SEP> The code which had probably something to do with sex or some other interest Nicolas was determined to find out and put to use. A card to Walter would get him an introduction to this Meredith and that might be good for something. <SEP> Nicolas called on his muse a line came back : Squaresville man and all the palazzos are crummy Palasts. That ought to draw a laugh Nicolas reasoned as he stored the line away on the wax tape that was his mind. <SEP> Indeed his postcard did draw from Walter a letter recommending his friend the poet Nicolas Manas to his friend Meredith Wilder. Five days later on receiving it Meredith sat drumming his dactyls on his writing table. <SEP> Dammit He inwardly cried. His hand was large and square and heavily tanned. <SEP> The voice crying in him was the voice of guilt. His four weeks in Italy had turned into nearer three months. <SEP> He had returned to the pension a week ago. Now he was just in the late poems of Holderlin and therefore had most of the nineteenth century before him -- plus next semesters class preparation. <SEP> He was determined to spend an industrious summer. Well maybe Manas wouldnt call. <SEP> Merediths fingers slowed and stopped over a line before him : Sie lacheln die Schwarzen Hexen. The menace of Manas gradually faded as Meredith asked himself should he translate it How the dark fates laughed Or more rhythmically The swarthy witches are laughing <SEP> he missed the point that the swarthy witches might be laughing at him for hoping to escape Nicolas Manas. Nicolas too was being interrupted that morning. Not by the : sun which had spread a warmth around his spot of grass in the English Gardens and sent him off to sleep but by a blond girl in a sweater and skirt who stood a few yards off and tenderly regarded him. <SEP> She wake him She didnt have the heart. <SEP> Her heart her maternal feeling in fact her being was too busy expressing itself as quietly thrilled by this sight of her Nicolas curled asleep under a blanket in a park like a scene from Poussin. She was just not able to break the spell. <SEP> -LRB- Would she have been able to had she known that the blanket belonged to a young ballet dancer Nicolas had found his first night in one of Walters marked bars Nicolas : Look Nicolas doesnt go to bed with boys -- no sex see if all these beers was to get me in bed man you just spent a lot of money. Ballet dancer : Protests tears and take what you want Nicolas I am a dancer you are a poet it is all beautiful. <SEP> To this meek conjugation Nicolas had replied O.K. I can use this blanket. When you get off this job tonight well you can gim me something to eat. <SEP> As a matter of fact Nicolas had slept in the park only part of one night when he discovered that Munichs early mornings even in summer are laden with dew. He had always known how to find a bed and on his own terms. <SEP> He used the blanket for late morning naps when hosts of the night had gone off to jobs and proved reluctant to leave him in their small rooms with their few possessions. Mary Jane Lerner knew none of this. -RRB- <SEP> Her Nicolas lay curled in the sun like a fawn black hair falling over his eyes. She was telling herself that this might just be her reward at the end of a long meaningful search for truth. <SEP> This was surely a reunion in art it was all that poetry promised. That long night with Nicolas and marijuana in Venice had opened her eyes. <SEP> His advice his voice saying his poems the fact that he had not so much as touched her -- on the contrary he had put his head back and she had stroked his hair -- this was all new. Her eyes had opened she had caught a glimpse of a new faith. <SEP> The next day he was gone. Mary Jane might not be the most intelligent woman but she was one of the most determined. <SEP> Even so it took her several days to force Walter to tell her Nicolass whereabouts. Packing a small suitcase informing her husband whom she found in Harrys Bar that she was taking a train to Germany to get away for a while patting his arm refusing a drink getting on the train -- all this had only taken her two hours. <SEP> She had arrived this morning and come straight to the English Gardens. Dear girl Walter had finally said he writes me that he is sleeping in the English Gardens. <SEP> How like him Mary Jane had smilingly said. His address Walter added is that great foundling home the American Express. <SEP> I will greatly appreciate it if you will not tell your husband. For the last half hour Mary Jane had criss-crossed half the length of the Gardens and at last come upon her knight. <SEP> His presence there asleep in the grass confirmed all that Mary Jane believed it was in his power to teach her : freedom from the tedium of needs such as hotels the meaning of nature how to live simply with the angels. She set down her suitcase. <SEP> She wake him No. Smiling she sat down on the suitcase and waited and watched. <SEP> The sun grew hotter as it approached the midday. Nicolas was dreaming he had his head pressed against the dashboard of a speeding car. <SEP> He began sweating. In his dream he cried Slow down for Chrissake <SEP> He half woke and rolled over with his face in the cooler grass. His nose was tickled. <SEP> He sneezed. He blew his nose expertly between his fingers. <SEP> He spit. He half sat up and scratched at the hair on his forehead and then more vigorously between his legs. <SEP> He belched he stretched. Mary Jane got up quietly and walked away. <SEP> Twenty minutes later she was at the desk of the Grafins pension her tears dried signing a hotel form and asking for a bath. Mary Jane belonged to a world acquainted with small attractive hotels and pensions in all the major and minor cities. <SEP> She had retreated to this world. The Grafin who was charmed by her told her Your sister who was here two years ago has quite dark hair. <SEP> Families are very interesting. Nevertheless there is no bath. <SEP> A young American has a bath next to his room and I shall ask him if you might use it this once. And then we shall see. -LRB- The Grafin was partial to the word shall. -RRB- <SEP> Meredith was irritated when the Grafin knocked at his door and told him She is a great beauty we allow her not to have a bath <SEP> Actually she is a sad beauty I believe. You shall see her at dinner. <SEP> Rather erotically he listened to the bath water running when it stopped he began busily typing sitting up in a virtuous way. Before dinner he shaved for the second time that day. A thing he did not like doing generally. <SEP> Singing into the mirror and his interested eyes he was pleased to note when he stripped for his own bath that he still had the best part of his Italian sun tan. He flexed his muscles for several minutes got into the tub and then grew self-conscious of splashing as he washed. <SEP> In the small gallery used as the guests dining room Meredith sat down at his place and as always began teasing the young waitress. He was asking had it been she who left the love note in his sheets -LRB- she also served as maid -RRB- when he saw the Grafin followed by a stately blond girl approaching his table. <SEP> It would be literary license calculated to glamorize life to say that he oh dropped his napkin so startled was he by Mary Janes beauty. Yet he did drop his badinage with the ordinary country girl as much in deference to the Grafin as acknowledgement that here indeed was something special. <SEP> Mary Jane had made very little effort. Above a dark green skirt she wore a pale green cashmere sweater with as he soon perceived no brassiere beneath. <SEP> Her white blond hair was clean and brushed long straight down to her shoulders. Perhaps her eyes were larger and more of a summer blue for all they had seen and wept that day. <SEP> She had touched her face truly a noble and pure face only with a lip salve which made her lips glisten but no redder than usual. The result was grace and modesty. <SEP> As she was rather tired this evening her simple Thank you for the use of your bath -- when she sat down opposite him -- spoken in a low voice came across with coolnesses of intelligence and control. Meredith began falling in love. Soup : Only this morning veal cutlets : Oh I couldnt possibly eat all this Wine : Then you were typing poems this afternoon Fruit compote : If you think I would understand it a smile. What a beautiful room. Like as if it were built of books. <SEP> Having opened the windows onto the terrace lit the fire translated the motto Meredith grinned and took down a little triplet of books bound together in old calfskin. Opening these he brought out a schnapps bottle and small gold thimble-sized glasses hidden inside it. <SEP> I think the maids tipple in the afternoon. Those sweet girls Oh youre joking. <SEP> It tastes a little like poppyseed. Whats its name Steinhager <SEP> She whispered Steinhager to herself several times memorizing it. You first read the poem aloud to me and then let me read it to myself <SEP> Merediths voice was always deep with rough bass notes in it in reading on platforms even in the large auditorium of the Y.M.H.A. Poetry Center nights his voice was intimate thoughtful and a trifle shy. His new poem a love poem told of a young husband leading his wife upstairs to the bedroom when the lights in the house have failed. <SEP> The husband points the steps out with his flashlight : Its white stare filling her pale eyes To the blind brim with appetite Bleaching her hands that grazed my thighs And sent us from the table in surprise To let the dishes soak all night -LRB- Mary Jane asked herself if Meredith was blushing at this line or was it the fire -RRB- he read on. <SEP> In the bedroom before the husband and wife find their way to the bed the lights go on : In dull domestic radiance I watch her staring face still blind Start wincing in obedience To dirty waters counters pots and pans Waiting below stairs in her mind. <SEP> Mary Jane took the page from him and began reading it moving her lips with the words. Oh its that myth about Orpheus and What is her name <SEP> I can never pronounce it. She repeated Eurydice. The third time rather urgently. But with her hand poem again. <SEP> She raised her face and nodded Its sweet and very sad. They discussed the way people never tell each other the things on their minds. <SEP> They finished the small bottle of Steinhager. She confessed she was unhappy he asked was it her husband <SEP> She began to explain There was this poet in Italy He interrupted Please dont judge all poets. <SEP> They smiled. At her door two or three hours later Mary Jane whispered Everyone is asleep. <SEP> Kissing her he whispered several times Eurydice. The third time rather urgently. But with her hand softly on his cheek for a last moment she closed the door and he went back down the hall and into his bed excited expectant and finally faintly grinning with the feel of her hand against his mouth.
ck17.txt:Leathered men and wrinkled women in drab black rags carried on in a primitive way almost unchanged from feudal times. <SEP> Peasants puzzled Andrei. He wondered how they could go on in poverty superstition ignorance with a complete lack of desire to make either their land or their lives flourish. <SEP> Andrei remembered a Bathyran meeting long ago. Tolek Alterman had returned from the colonies in Palestine and before the national leadership exalted the miracles of drying up swamps and irrigating the desert. <SEP> A fund-raising drive to buy tractors and machinery was launched. Andrei remembered that his own reaction had been one of indifference. <SEP> He found the meaning too late It aggravated him. <SEP> The land of the Lublin Uplands was rich but no one seemed to care. In the unfertile land in Palestine humans broke their backs pushing will power to the brink. <SEP> He had sat beside Alexander Brandel at the rostrum of a congress of Zionists. All of them were there in this loosely knit association of diversified ideologies and each berated the other and beat his breast for his own approaches. <SEP> When Alexander Brandel rose to speak the hall became silent. I do not care if your beliefs take you along a path of religion or a path of labor or a path of activism. <SEP> We are here because all our paths travel a blind course through a thick forest seeking human dignity. Beyond the forest all our paths merge into a single great highway which ends in the barren eroded hills of Judea. <SEP> This is our singular goal. How we travel through the forest is for each mans conscience. <SEP> Where we end our journey is always the same. We all seek the same thing through different ways -- an end to this long night of two thousand years of darkness and unspeakable abuses which will continue to plague us until the Star of David flies over Zion. <SEP> This was how Alexander Brandel expressed pure Zionism. It had sounded good to Andrei but he did not believe it. <SEP> In his heart he had no desire to go to Palestine. He loathed the idea of drying up swamps or the chills of malaria or of leaving his natural birthright. <SEP> Before he went into battle Andrei had told Alex I only want to be a Pole. Warsaw is my city not Tel Aviv. <SEP> Now Andrei sat on a train on the way to Lublin and wondered if he was not being punished for his lack of belief. Warsaw He saw the smug eyes of the Home Army chief Roman and all the Romans and the faces of the peasants who held only hatred for him. <SEP> They had let this black hole of death in Warsaws heart exist without a cry of protest. Once there had been big glittering rooms where Ulanys bowed and kissed the ladies hands as they flirted from behind their fans. Warsaw Warsaw Miss Rak. <SEP> I am a Jew. Day by day week by week month by month the betrayal gnawed at Andreis heart. <SEP> He ground his teeth together. I hate Warsaw he said to himself. <SEP> I hate Poland and all the goddamned mothers sons of them. All of Poland is a coffin. <SEP> The terrible vision of the ghetto streets flooded his mind. What matters now <SEP> What is beyond this fog Only Palestine and I will never live to see Palestine because I did not believe. By late afternoon the train inched into the marshaling yards in the railhead at Lublin which was filled with lines of cars poised to pour the tools of war to the Russian front. At a siding another train which was a familiar sight these days. Deportees. Jews. <SEP> Andreis skilled eye sized them up. They were not Poles. <SEP> He guessed by their appearance that they were Rumanians. He walked toward the center of the city to keep his rendezvous with Styka. <SEP> Of all the places in Poland Andrei hated Lublin the most. The Bathyrans were all gone. <SEP> Few of the native Jews who had lived in Lublin were still in the ghetto. From the moment of the occupation Lublin became a focal point. <SEP> He and Ana watched it carefully. Lublin generally was the forerunner of what would happen elsewhere. <SEP> Early in Odilo Globocnik the Gauleiter of Vienna established SS headquarters for all of Poland. The Bathyrans ran a check on Globocnik and had only to conclude that he was in a tug of war with Hans Frank and the civilian administrators. <SEP> Globocnik built the Deaths-Head Corps. Lublin was the seed of action for the final solution of the Jewish problem. <SEP> As the messages from Himmler Heydrich and Eichmann came in through Alfred Funk Lublins fountainhead spouted. A bevy of interlacing lagers work camps concentration camps erupted in the area. <SEP> Sixty thousand Jewish prisoners of war disappeared into Lublins web. Plans went in and out of Lublin indicating German confusion. A tale of a massive reservation in the Uplands to hold several million Jews A tale of a plan to ship all Jews to the island of Madagascar Stories of the depravity of the guards at Globocniks camps struck a chord of terror at the mere mention of their names. Lipowa Sobibor Chelmno Poltawa Belzec Krzywy-Rog Budzyn Krasnik. Ice baths electric shocks lashings wild dogs testicle crushers. <SEP> The Deaths-Head Corps took in Ukrainian and Baltic Auxiliaries and the Einsatzkommandos waded knee-deep in blood and turned into drunken dope-ridden maniacs. Lublin was their heart. <SEP> In the spring of Operation Reinhard began in Lublin. The ghetto a miniature of Warsaws was emptied into the camp in the Majdan-Tartarski suburb called Majdanek. <SEP> As the camp emptied it was refilled by a draining of the camps and towns around Lublin then by deportees from outside Poland. In and in and in they poured through the gates of Majdanek but they never left and Majdanek was not growing any larger. <SEP> What was happening in Majdanek Operation Reinhard the same pattern for the daily trains now leaving the Umschlagplatz in Warsaw <SEP> there another Majdanek in the Warsaw area as they suspected Andrei stopped at Litowski Place and looked around quickly at the boundary of civil buildings. <SEP> His watch told him he was still early. Down the boulevard he could see a portion of the ghetto wall. <SEP> He found an empty bench opened a newspaper and stretched his legs before him. Krakow Boulevard was filled with black Nazi uniforms and the dirty brownish ones of their Auxiliaries. Captain Androfski <SEP> Andrei glanced up over the top of the paper and looked into the mustached homely face of Sergeant Styka. Styka sat beside him and pumped his hand excitedly. <SEP> I have been waiting across the street at the post office since dawn. I thought you might get in on a morning train. <SEP> Its good to see you again Styka. Styka studied his captain. <SEP> He almost broke into tears. To him Andrei Androfski had always been the living symbol of a Polish officer. <SEP> His captain was thin and haggard and his beautiful boots were worn and shabby. Remember to call me Jan Andrei said. <SEP> Styka nodded and sniffed and blew his nose vociferously. When that woman found me and told me that you needed me I was never so happy since before the war. <SEP> Im lucky that you were still living in Lublin. Styka grumbled about fate. <SEP> For a time I thought of trying to reach the Free Polish Forces but one thing led to another. I got a girl in trouble and we had to get married. Not a bad girl. <SEP> So we have three children and responsibilities. I work at the granary. Nothing like the old days in the army but I get by. <SEP> Who complains Many times I tried to reach you but I never knew how. <SEP> I came to Warsaw twice but there was that damned ghetto wall I understand. Styka blew his nose again. <SEP> Were you able to make the arrangements Andrei asked. There is a man named Grabski who is the foreman in charge of the bricklayers at Majdanek. <SEP> I did exactly as instructed. I told him you are on orders from the Home Army to get inside Majdanek so you can make a report to the government in exile in London. His answer Ten thousand zlotys. <SEP> He be trusted He is aware he will not live for twenty-four hours if he betrays you. Good man Styka. <SEP> Captain Jan must you go inside Majdanek The stories Everyone really knows what is happening there. Not everyone Styka. <SEP> What good will it really do I dont know. <SEP> Perhaps perhaps there is a shred of conscience left in the human race. Perhaps if they know the story there will be a massive cry of indignation. <SEP> You really believe that Jan I have to believe it. <SEP> Styka shook his head slowly. I am only a simple soldier. <SEP> I can not think things out too well. Until I was transferred into the Seventh Ulanys I was like every other Pole in my feeling about Jews. <SEP> I hated you when I first came in. My captain might have been a Jew but he wasnt a Jew. <SEP> What I mean is he was a Pole and the greatest soldier in the Ulanys. Hell sir. The men of our company had a dozen fights defending your name. <SEP> You never knew about it but by God we taught them respect for Captain Androfski. Andrei smiled. <SEP> Since the war I have seen the way the Germans have behaved and I think Holy Mother we have behaved like this for hundreds of years. Why How can you tell an insane man to reason or a blind man to see <SEP> we are neither blind nor insane. The men of your company would not allow your name dishonored. <SEP> Why do we let the Germans do this I have sat many hours with this Styka. <SEP> All I ever wanted was to be a free man in my own country. Ive lost faith Styka. <SEP> I used to love this country and believe that someday wed win our battle for equality. Now I think I hate it very much. <SEP> Do you really think that the world outside Poland will care any more than we do The question frightened Andrei. <SEP> Please dont go inside Majdanek. Im still a soldier in a very small way Styka. <SEP> It was an answer that Styka understood. Grabskis shanty was beyond the bridge over the River Bystrzyca near the rail center. <SEP> Grabski sat in a sweat-saturated undershirt cursing the excessive heat which clamped an uneasy stillness before sundown. He was a square brick of a man with a moon-round face and sunken Polish features. <SEP> Flies swarmed around the bowl of lentils in which he mopped thick black bread. Half of it dripped down his chin. <SEP> He washed it down with beer and produced a deep-seated belch. Well Andrei demanded. <SEP> Grabski looked at the pair of them. He grunted a sort of yes answer. <SEP> My cousin works at the Labor Bureau. He can make you work papers. <SEP> It will take a few days. I will get you inside the guard camp as a member of my crew. <SEP> I dont know if I can get you into the inner camp. Maybe yes maybe no but you can observe everything from the roof of a barrack we are building. Grabski slurped his way to the bottom of the soup bowl. <SEP> Cant understand why the hell anyone wants to go inside that son-of-a-bitch place. Orders from the Home Army. Why Nothing there but Jews. Andrei shrugged. <SEP> We get strange orders. Well -- what about the money Andrei peeled off five one-thousand-zloty notes. <SEP> Grabski had never seen so much money. His broad flat fingers petrified into massive sausages by years of bricklaying snatched the bills clumsily. <SEP> This aint enough. You get the rest when Im safely out of Majdanek. <SEP> I aint taking no goddamned chances for no Jew business. Andrei and Styka were silent.
ck07.txt:Crummy bastard could write <SEP> Thats how it should be. Its those two fucken niggers <SEP> Krist I wish they could write Nigger pussy. He thought of sweet wet nigger pussy. <SEP> Oh sweet land of heaven haint there just nothin like sweet nigger pussy He thought of her the first one. <SEP> He had caught her coming out of the shack. She was a juicy one. Oh how they bounced <SEP> Fresh warm sweet and juicy sweet lovin sixteen she was. Man how I love nigger pussy The snow came a little faster now he noted. <SEP> He thought of Joe Harris the nigger who had gone after his sister. He chuckled the memory vivid. Jee-sus We Fixed him Yooee we fixed him The snow again. <SEP> The fucken weather wasnt so lousy Goddamn niggers Lord. What I have to put up with Sonuvabitch I cant figure out what in hell for they went and put niggers in my squad for. <SEP> Only one worth a shit and thats Brandon. He aint so bad. <SEP> His thoughts turned to other things. The big shock everybody had when they found ol Slater and those others done for. Kaboom for. <SEP> He had been pretty scared himself wondering what the hell was coming off. He soon saw which way the ball was bouncing. <SEP> Soon came back to his senses. I soon came back to my senses he said aloud to the young blizzard proudly drawing himself up as if making a report to some important superior. <SEP> I was the first to get my squad on the ball and anybody thinkin it was easy is pretty damn dumb. Look at thum. <SEP> That goddamn redheader was the worst. He kept sayin not me not me I dont wanta wind up like em. <SEP> I told him goddammit. I told him he said aloud Theyll get the guys that done it. <SEP> Thatll put the place back to normal. Normal by God. Maybe its a good thing it happened. <SEP> Maybe theyll stop it now once for all. Clean the place up. Theyre doin it now. <SEP> I hear the whole bunch is croakin out in the snow. Theyll get the guys that done it. <SEP> There was something troubling him though : as yet they hadnt Five days. Keerist. Prickly twinges of annoyance ran through him. <SEP> His eyes blinked hard snapping on and squashing some bad things that were trying to push their way into him. A tune began to whirl inside his head. One of his favorites : Guitar Boogie. <SEP> It always came on faithfully just like a radio or juke box whenever he started to worry too much about something when the bad things tried to push their way into him. The music drove them off or away and he was free to walk on air in a very few moments humming and jiving within beating the rhythm within. <SEP> He glowed with anticipation about what would happen to the culprits when they caught them. Turn the bastards over to me -- to me and my boys -- no nigger ever got what would be comin to them -- reactionary bastards. <SEP> He had never heard the word reactionary before his life as a POW began. It was a word he was proud of a word that meant much to him and he used it with great pleasure almost as if it were an exclusive possession and more : he sensed himself to be very highly educated four cuts above any of the folks back home. <SEP> Four cuts at least he chuckled to himself and I owe it all to them. The word also made him feel hate sincere hate for those so labeled. <SEP> He used it very effectively when he wanted to get his squad on the ball. It came up again and again in the discussion sessions. <SEP> Lousy Reactionary bastards been tryin to fuck up the Program for months. Months. Hired hard lackeys of the Warmongering capitalists. Not captured sent here. To fuck up the program. <SEP> You guys remember that. Remember that He heard himself haranguing them. <SEP> He saw himself before them delivering the speech. He laughed suddenly feeling a surge of power telling him of his hold over them seeing himself before them receiving utmost respect and attention. <SEP> One day Ching had told him -LRB- smiling patting him on the back -RRB- as they walked to the weekly conference of squad leaders Keep it up your squad is good one of the best keep it up keep up the good work. He would <SEP> That was really something coming from Ching. Really something he said aloud. Dirty Reactionary bastards comin down here in the night and bumpin off ol Slater and those other poor bastards. <SEP> Theyll get them by God and let them bring them down here to me just let them God Ill slice their balls right off. His arm moved swiftly violently once twice. <SEP> He felt intense satisfaction. He was tingling within. <SEP> Before him mutilated bleeding to death they lay. It was as if it had been done. <SEP> Bastards he said aloud spitting on them. He halted and looked around. <SEP> Rivers of cold sweat were suddenly unleashed within him. The thought came back the one nagging at him these past four days. <SEP> He tried to stifle it. The words were forming. <SEP> He knew he couldnt. He braced himself. <SEP> Somebodyll haf ta start thinkin. He fought it seeking to kill the last few words but on they came out. <SEP> He was trembling a strange feeling upon him fully expecting some catastrophe to strike him dead on the spot. It didnt. <SEP> He took heart the final word came forth. Now he heard it fully bout takin his place He listened waited nothing happened. <SEP> He felt good. His old self. The music arrived taking him its rhythm. <SEP> Stroked him snaked all through him the lyrics lifted him took him from one magic isle to another stopping briefly at each Brandon. He is good. Damn good. But a nigger. Johnson. Jesus the guy says he is trying. <SEP> He isnt with it not at all with it. When I talked to Ching about it he said Everyone can learn if he is not a Reactionary or lazy. <SEP> No one is stupid. Thats what he said. <SEP> He oughta know. It is plain as hell Johnson is no reactionary. <SEP> So youre not tryin Johnson you bastard you. He looked over at him lying there asleep and he felt a wave of revulsion. <SEP> How he loathed him. Sleepy-eyed soft-spoken Johnson Biggest thorn in my side of the whole fucken squad. He was the guy what always goofed at Question Time. <SEP> Why couldnt they have dumped him off on someone else Why me Why didnt the damn Reactionaries bump him off Why Slater <SEP> Like a particle drawn to a magnet he returned to that which was pressing so hard in his mind. The music surged up but it failed to check it. <SEP> Who is the man to take His place The guy with most on the Ball. Most on the ball. Handle men. Thoroughly Wised up. Knows the score With a supreme effort he broke it off. <SEP> He turned to the window again. A gnawing and gnashing within him. The snow was tumbling down furiously now. <SEP> Huge glob-flakes hitting the ground piling higher and higher. He stared at it amazed alarmed. <SEP> The whole fucken skys cavin in Keeeerist Lookit it Cover the whole building bury us all by nightfall. Jesus <SEP> Somebody got to be somebody If I dont put my two cents in soon somebody else will I know theyre waitin only for one thing : for the bastards what done it to be nailed. Maybe they already got them. <SEP> He was again tingling with pleasure seeing himself clearly in Slaters shoes. Top dog sleeping and eating right there with the Staff. Ching Tien all of them. Top dog. Poor ol Slater. Jesus imagine the crummy bastards theyll get em theyll get whats comin to em. He whirled about suddenly. <SEP> It was nothing though his heart was thumping wildly. Somebody was up. <SEP> That was all. Boy youre stirrin early a sleepy voice said. <SEP> Yehhh said Coughlin testily eyeing him up and down. Lookit that come down willya said the man scratching himself yawning. <SEP> Yehhh said Coughlin practically spitting on him. The man moved away. <SEP> Thats the way. Theyll toe the line. Goddamn it. <SEP> Keep the chatter to a minimum short answers one word if possible. Less bull the more you can do with em. Thats Browns trouble. <SEP> All he does is to bullshit with his squad and they are the stupidest bastards around. Just about to get their asses kicked into hut Seven. Plenty of room there now. All those dumb -Balls croaked. <SEP> You can do anything with these dumb fucks if you know how. Anything. Theyd cut their mothers belly open. Give um the works. See hes already snapping it up the dumb jerk. <SEP> Coughlin grinned feeling supremely on top of things. He watched the snow once again. <SEP> It infuriated him. It made no sense to him. <SEP> He whirled around suddenly hot all over finding the man who had been standing before him a few moments back nailing him to the spot on which he now stood open-mouthed. You Listen <SEP> name William Fosters Four Internal Contradictions in Capitalism. Quick -- Quick -- now The man shrank before the hot fury searching frantically for the answer. <SEP> Finnegan woke up. There was a hell of a noise this time of morning. <SEP> He stared out the window. For Christs sake The whole fucken skys caved in <SEP> He looked for the source of the noise that had awakened him. It was that prick Coughlin. <SEP> What the hell was he up to now Why didnt he drop dead <SEP> How did they miss him when they got Slater How Then he was asking himself the usual early morning questions : What the Hell am I doin here <SEP> this a nut-house I nuts <SEP> this for real I dreamin <SEP> From somewhere in the hut came Coughlins voice. How long did you study How long buddy <SEP> For Christs sake A voice pleaded. Dont Christsake me buddy <SEP> Just answer. Cmon -- mon Im no hero. <SEP> I start the damn war Automatically Finnegan started going over todays lesson. <SEP> Capitalism rots from the core. I start the damn war <SEP> Who did Thats a good one. <SEP> I thought I knew. Why dont Uncle Sam mind his own fucken business <SEP> Ill bet both together did. I bet. <SEP> So fuck them both. Goddamn. Goddammit. Just let me go home to Jersey back to the shore oh Jesus the shore. <SEP> The waves breakin in on you and your girl at night there on the warm beach in the moonlight. If I haf ta do this to stay alive by God Ill do it. <SEP> I hated the goddamn army from the first day I got in anyhow. All pricks like Coughlin run it anyway one way or another. <SEP> Fuck them. He rolled over and tried to shut out the noise now much louder. <SEP> He snuggled into the blanket. Brandon dreamed. <SEP> He was sitting on top of a log which was spinning round and around in the water. A river wide as the Missouri where it ran by his place. The log was spinning. <SEP> He was not. So what Why should I be spinning just because the goddamn log is spinning <SEP> -LRB- he asked this out loud but no one heard it over the other noise in the hut -RRB-. Over on the bank the west bank a man stood calling to him. <SEP> He couldnt make out what he was saying. No doubt it had to do with the log. <SEP> Why should he be concerned
cl01.txt:Were thirty-eight patients on the bus the morning I left for Hanover most of them disturbed and hallucinating. <SEP> An interne a nurse and two attendants were in charge of us. I felt lonely and depressed as I stared out the bus window at Chicagos grim dirty West Side. <SEP> It seemed incredible as I listened to the monotonous drone of voices and smelled the fetid odors coming from the patients that technically I was a ward of the state of Illinois going to a hospital for the mentally ill. I suddenly thought of Mary Jane Brennan the way her pretty eyes could flash with anger her quiet competence the gentleness and sweetness that lay just beneath the surface of her defenses. <SEP> We had become good friends during my stay at Cook County Hospital. I had told her enough about myself to offset somewhat the damaging stories that had appeared in local newspapers after my little adventure in Marshall Field & Co. <SEP> She knew that I lived at a good address on the Gold Coast that I had once been a medical student and was thinking of returning to the university to finish my medical studies. She knew also that I was unmarried and without a single known relative. <SEP> She wasnt quite sure that I felt enough remorse about my drinking or that I would not return to it once I was out and on my own again. This had worried her. <SEP> I read those newspaper stories about you she had said. You must have loved that girl very much but you couldnt have meant it when you said that you wanted to kill her. <SEP> Why do you say that I asked. I was full of booze and well a drunk is apt to do anything he says hell do. Nonsense <SEP> I grew up in an Irish neighborhood on Chicagos West Side. Dont tell me about drunks. <SEP> Youre not the kind to go violent. You in love with that girl <SEP> it make any difference to you if I were Mary Jane She met my eyes suddenly angry. <SEP> I wouldnt have gone into nursing if I didnt care about people. Im interested in every patient Ive helped take care of. <SEP> When I think of people like you well I -- You what Mary Jane You are young intelligent have a whole lifetime before you to make something worth while of yourself but you mess it up with whiskey indifference self-destructive attitudes. <SEP> I dont blame that girl for breaking her engagement with you. She pretty <SEP> Oh yes I said feeling annoyed she was very pretty. You dont believe that Im going back to medical school and finish do you <SEP> Why should I Ive worked this ward for three months now. <SEP> We keep getting the same ones back again and again. They all mean well have great promises to make when they are about to go home but drinking is their sickness. <SEP> Youve not seemed like them but maybe you are. Youve treated your stay here like a big joke. <SEP> Its not a joke to be sent to a place like this or to Hanover. I wanted to go to college too -- <SEP> Why did nt you I asked. Chicago has some of the best -- <SEP> Her eyes flashed angrily. Thats what I mean about you Anderson she said. <SEP> You dont seem to know much about reality. Ill tell you why I didnt go to college Im the oldest of six children. <SEP> My fathers a policeman and makes less than seven thousand dollars a year. There was no money for tuition for clothes for all the things you apparently take for granted. <SEP> Nurses training here doesnt cost anything. They even pay me six dollars a month. <SEP> I think its a good deal. Im going to become a good nurse and Ive got two baby brothers that are going to have college if I have to work at my profession until Im an old maid to give it to them. <SEP> Do you have a boy friend I asked. Thats none of your business she said then changed the subject. What about your father and mother dont you think of them when youre in a place like this <SEP> My father and mother died when I was two years old I said. My aunt raised me. <SEP> Aunt Mary died when I was doing my military service. I have no one but myself to worry about. <SEP> Something in my voice must have touched her deeply because her anger passed quickly and she turned away to keep me from seeing her face. Im sorry she said. <SEP> I dont know what Id do without my family. Weve always been so close. <SEP> Tell me more about them. Her eyes became bright as she talked about her father and mother aunts and uncles cousins. <SEP> Listening I felt cheated and lonely as only an orphan can. When she had finished I said : Your dad sounds like a good father and a good policeman. <SEP> Ill bet he wouldnt be pleased if a rumdum like me were to ask his daughter for a date -- I mean after Im out of the hospital a month or so from now. My father is a sergeant of detectives and has been attached to Homicide for five years. <SEP> Hes a pretty good judge of character Anderson. I dont think hed mind too much if he were sure youd decided not to be a rumdum in the future. What about you <SEP> How would you feel about it if I were to ask you for a date when I get through at Hanover If I thought you were serious about going back to school that youd learned something from your experiences here and at Hanover -- well I might consider such an offer. What about your that girl you were going to kill <SEP> It suddenly seemed very important to me that Mary Jane Brennan should know the truth about me -- that I was not the confused sick irresponsible person she believed me to be. There are things about me that I cannt tell you now Mary Jane I said but if youll go out to dinner with me when I get out of Hanover Id like to tell you the whole story. <SEP> I can say this : Im dead serious about going back to school. As for that other girl lets just say that I never want to see her again. <SEP> You will get to come home on long weekends from Hanover wont you Yes Ill get one overnight a month. <SEP> Well go up to the Edgewater Beach Hotel for dinner I said. You like to dance <SEP> They always have a good orchestra. I like to dance she said then turned and walked away. <SEP> There hadnt been anything really personal in her interest in me. I knew that. <SEP> It was just that she felt deeply about every patient on the ward and wanted to believe that they might benefit from their treatment there. Now riding this hospital bus feeling isolated and utterly alone I knew that she was genuine and unique quite unlike any girl I had known before. <SEP> It seemed the most important thing in my life at this moment that she should know the real truth about me. It was a fantastic story. <SEP> Only two people in the state of Illinois knew that I was entering Hanover State Hospital under an assumed name or why. It was unlikely that any girl as sharp as Mary Jane Brennan would believe it without proof. <SEP> I had the proof all documented in a legal agreement which I would show her the moment I was free to do so. As the bus turned into the main highway and headed toward Hanover I settled back in my seat and closed my eyes thinking over the events of the past two weeks trying to put the pieces in order. <SEP> I wondered suddenly as I listened to the disconnected jabberings coming from the patient behind me if I had not perhaps imagined it all. Perhaps this was reality and Dale Nelson the actor was delusion a figment of Carl Andersons imagination. Four <SEP> I had come to Chicago from New York early in September with a dramatic production called Ask Tony. It was a bad play real grade-A turkey which only a prevalence of angels with grandiose dreams of capital gain and tax money to burn could have put into rehearsal. <SEP> No one not even the producer had any real hope of getting it back to Broadway. Because it was a suspense gangster story of the Capone era many of us felt that it might catch on for a run in Chicago continue as a road company and eventually become a movie. <SEP> Such optimism was completely unjustified. The critics literally screamed their indignation. <SEP> Ask Tony was doomed from the moment Kupcinet leveled on it in his Sun-Times column. We opened on Friday and closed the following Monday. <SEP> Out of the entire cast I alone received good notices for my portrayal of a psychopathic killer. This let me in for a lot of kidding from the rest of the company two members of which were native Chicagoans. <SEP> We were paid off Tuesday morning and given tickets back to New York. I felt lonely and depressed as I packed my bags at the Croydon Hotel. <SEP> It seemed to me that my life was destined to be one brilliant failure after another. I had been among the top third in my class at N.Y.U. Had wanted desperately to go to medical school but Id run out of money and energy at the same time. <SEP> Then later I had quit my safe secure five-a-week spot on a network soap opera to take a part in this play. It seemed to me that I was not only unlucky but quite stupid as well. <SEP> I knew that Id soon be back working as an orderly at the hospital or as a counterman at Union News or Schraffts while waiting for another acting job to open. It suddenly occurred to me that I did not particularly like acting that I was at some sort of crossroads and would have to decide soon what I was going to do with my life. <SEP> I closed the last bag and stood all three at the door for the bellboy to pick up then went to the bathroom for a drink of water. The telephone rang. <SEP> When I answered it a voice too dignified and British to be real said Is this Mr. Dale Nelson the actor All right I said. <SEP> Why dont you bastards lay off for a while I beg your pardon sir All right. <SEP> This is Dale Nelson the actor. Good. Im calling you Mr. Nelson at the request of Mr. Phillip Wycoff. <SEP> You possibly have lunch with him today His car could pick you up at your hotel at twelve. <SEP> I smiled. Youll send the Rolls-Royce of course Yes of course Mr. Nelson. <SEP> I started to say something else appropriate but the man had hung up. I finally went downstairs to the bar off the main lobby where most of the cast were drowning their sorrows over the untimely passing of Ask Tony. <SEP> They all bowed low as I approached them. All right you bastards I said the great actor is about to buy a drink. <SEP> I laid a tenspot on the bar and motioned to the bartender to serve a round. He had just returned my change when the doorman came in off the street to page me. <SEP> I walked over to him. You Mr. Nelson He asked. <SEP> Thats right. Mr. Wycoffs car is waiting for you at the east entrance. <SEP> I followed him out through the lobby to the street. An ancient Rolls-Royce as shiningly impressive as the day it came off the ship was parked at the curb. <SEP> The elderly chauffeur immaculate in a dark uniform stood stiffly at attention holding open the door of the town car.
cg20.txt:Will be shown that the objectives of the cooperative people in an organization determine the type of network required because the type of network functions according to the characteristics of the messages enumerated in Table. <SEP> Great stress is placed on the role that the monitoring of information sending plays in maintaining the effectiveness of the network. By monitoring we mean some system of control over the types of information sent from the various centers. <SEP> As a word of caution we should be aware that in actual practice no message is purely one of the four types question command statement or exclamation. For example suppose a man wearing a $ U watch driving a Rolls Royce stops to ask a man on the sidewalk What time is it <SEP> This sentence would have most of the characteristics of a question but it has some of the characteristics of a statement because the questioner has conveyed the fact that he has no faith in his own timepiece or the one attached to his car. If the man on the sidewalk is surprised at this question it has served as an exclamation. <SEP> Since the man questioned feels a strong compulsion to answer -LRB- and thereby avoid the consequences of being thought queer -RRB- the question has assumed some measurable properties of a command. However for convenience we will stick to the idea that information can be classified according to Table. <SEP> On this basis certain extreme kinds of networks will be discussed for illustrative purposes. Networks illustrating some special types of organization the cocktail party. Presumably a cocktail party is expected to fulfill the hosts desire to get together a number of people who are inadequately acquainted and thereby arrange for bringing the level of acquaintance up to adequacy for future cooperative endeavors. <SEP> The party is usually in a room small enough so that all guests are within sight and hearing of one another. The information is furnished by each of the guests is sent by oral broadcasting over the air waves and is received by the ears. <SEP> Since the air is a continuum the network of communication remains intact regardless of the positions or motions of the points -LRB- the people -RRB- in the net. As shown in Figure there is a connection for communication between every pair of points. <SEP> This and other qualifications make the cocktail party the most complete and most chaotic communication system ever dreamed up. All four types of message listed in Table are permitted although decorum and cocktail tradition require holding the commands to a minimum while exclamations having complimentary intonations are more than customarily encouraged. <SEP> The completeness of the connections provide that for N people there are Afj lines of communication between the pairs which can become a large number -LRB- -RRB- for a party of fifty guests. Looking at the diagram we see that Afj connection lines come in to each member. <SEP> Thus the cocktail party would appear to be the ideal system but there is one weakness. In spite of the dreams of the host for oneness in the group the Afj incoming messages for each guest overload his receiving system beyond comprehension if N exceeds about six. <SEP> The crowd consequently breaks up into temporary groups ranging in size from two to six with a half-life for the cluster ranging from three to twenty minutes. For the occasion on which everyone already knows everyone else and the host wishes them to meet one or a few honored newcomers then the open house system is advantageous because the honored guests are fixed connective points and the drifting guests make and break connections at the door. The rural community. <SEP> We consider a rural community as an assemblage of inhabited dwellings whose configuration is determined by the location and size of the arable land sites necessary for family subsistence. We assume for this illustration that the size of the land plots is so great that the distance between dwellings is greater than the voice can carry and that most of the communication is between nearest neighbors only as shown in Figure. <SEP> Information beyond nearest neighbor is carried second - third - and fourth-hand as a distortable rumor. In Figure the points in the network are designated by a letter accompanied by a number. <SEP> The numbers indicate the number of nearest neighbors. It will be noted that point f has seven nearest neighbors h and e have six and p has only one while the remaining points have intermediate numbers. <SEP> In any social system in which communications have an importance comparable with that of production and other human factors a point like f in Figure would -LRB- other things being equal -RRB- be the dwelling place for the community leader while e and h would house the next most important citizens. A point like p gets information directly from n but all information beyond n is indirectly relayed through n. <SEP> The dweller at p is last to hear about a new cure the slowest to announce to his neighbors his urgent distresses the one who goes the farthest to trade and the one with the greatest difficulty of all in putting over an idea or getting people to join him in a cooperative effort. Since the hazards of poor communication are so great p can be justified as a habitable site only on the basis of unusual productivity such as is made available by a waterfall for milling purposes a mine or a sugar maple camp. <SEP> Location theorists have given these matters much consideration. Military organizations. The networks for military communications are one of the best examples of networks which not only must be changed with the changes in objectives but also must be changed with the addition of new machines of war. <SEP> They also furnish proof that in modern war message sending must be monitored. Without monitoring a military hookup becomes a noisy party. <SEP> The need for monitoring became greater when radio was adopted for military signaling. Alexander the Great who used runners as message carriers did not have to worry about having every officer in his command hear what he said and having hundreds of them comment at once. <SEP> As time has passed and science has progressed the speed of military vehicles has increased the range of missiles has been extended the use of target-hunting noses on the projectiles has been adopted and the range and breadth of message sending has increased. Next to the old problem of the slowness of decision making network structure seems to be paramount and without monitoring no network has value. <SEP> On the parade ground the net may be similar to that shown in Figure. The monitoring is the highest and most restrictive of any organization in existence. <SEP> No questions statements or explanations are permitted -- only commands. Commands go only from an officer to the man of nearest lower rank. <SEP> The same command is repeated as many times as there are levels in rank from general to corporal. All orders originate with the officer of highest rank and terminate with action of the men in the ranks. <SEP> Even the officer in charge be it a captain -LRB- for small display -RRB- or a general is restrained by monitoring. This is done for simplicity of commands and to bring the hidden redundancy up to where misunderstanding has almost zero possibility. <SEP> The commands are specified by the military regulations are few in number briefly worded all different in sound and are combinable into sequences which permit any marching maneuver that could be desired on a parade ground. This monitoring is necessary because on a parade ground everyone can hear too much and without monitoring a confused social event would develop. <SEP> With troops dispersed on fields of battle rather than on the parade ground it may seem that a certain amount of monitoring is automatically enforced by the lines of communication. Years ago this was true but with the replacement of wires or runners by radio and radar -LRB- and perhaps television -RRB- these restrictions have disappeared and now again too much is heard. <SEP> In contrast to cocktail parties military organizations even in the field are more formal. In the extreme and oversimplified example suggested in Figure the organization is more easily understood and more predictable in behavior. <SEP> A military organization has an objective chosen by the higher command. This objective is adhered to throughout the duration of the action. <SEP> The connective system or network is tailored to meet the requirements of the objective and it is therefore not surprising that a military body acting as a single coordinated unit has a different communication network than a factory a college or a rural village. The assumptions upon which the example shown in Figure is based are : -LRB- A -RRB- One man can direct about six subordinates if the subordinates are chosen carefully so that they do not need too much personal coaching indoctrinating etc. -LRB- B -RRB- A message runs too great a risk of being distorted if it is to be relayed more than about six consecutive times. -LRB- C -RRB- Decisions of a general kind are made by the central command. And -LRB- D -RRB- all action of a physical kind pertinent to the mission is relegated to the line of men on the lower rank. <SEP> These assumptions lead to an organization with one man at the top six directly under him six under each of these and so on until there are six levels of personnel. The number of people acting as one body by this scheme gives a surprisingly large army of men. <SEP> This organizational network would be of no avail if there were no regulations pertaining to the types of message sent. Of types of message listed in Table commands and statements are the only ones sent through the vertical network shown in Figure. <SEP> A further regulation is that commands always go down unaccompanied by statements and statements always go up unaccompanied by commands. Questions and particularly exclamations are usually channeled along informal horizontal lines not indicated in Figure and seldom are carried beyond the nearest neighbor. <SEP> It will readily be seen that in this suggested network -LRB- not materially different from some of the networks in vogue today -RRB- greater emphasis on monitoring is implied than is usually put into practice. Furthermore the network in Figure is only the basic net through which other networks pertaining to logistics and the like are interlaced. <SEP> Not discussed here are some military problems of modern times such as undersea warfare where the surveillance sending transmitting and receiving are all so inadequate that networks and decision making are not the bottlenecks. Such problems are of extreme interest as well as importance and are so much like fighting in a rain forest or guerrilla warfare at night in tall grass that we might have to re-examine primitive conflicts for what they could teach. A team for useful research. <SEP> This is an unsolved problem which probably has never been seriously investigated although one frequently hears the comment that we have insufficient specialists of the kind who can compete with the Germans or Swiss for example in precision machinery and mathematics or the Finns in geochemistry. We hear equally fervent concern over the belief that we have not enough generalists who can see the over-all picture and combine our national skills and knowledge for useful purposes. <SEP> This problem of the optimum balance in the relative numbers of generalists and specialists can be investigated on a communicative network basis. Since the difficulty of drawing the net is great we will merely discuss it. <SEP> First we realize that a pure specialist does not exist. For practical purposes we have people who can be considered as such. <SEP> For example there are persons who are in physical science in the field of mineralogy trained in crystallography who use only X-rays applying only the powder technique of X-ray diffraction to clay minerals only and who have spent the last fifteen years concentrating on the montmorillonites or persons in the social sciences in the field of anthropology studying the lung capacity of seven Andean Indians. So we see that a specialist is a man who knows more and more about less and less as he develops as contrasted to the generalist who knows less and less about more and more.
cn23.txt:He calmly and carefully slugged the remaining five shots into the venomous head -- caught in the wicker back of the chair the eyes dead on him as the life finally went out of the brute. <SEP> The body continued to lash but now Keith used the legs of the chair to fork the loathsome bloody mass out of the bungalow. He slammed the door and listened as his servants ran up alarmed at the sound of the shots. <SEP> He heard their chattering and then the sounds of hacking as they dismembered the snake right on the porch with wood axes. It was only then that he turned to look at Penny. <SEP> She was sitting on the edge of the bed again back in the same position where the snake had found her. The fear had not entirely gone from her face but there were some other emotions now crowding into her eyes and the lines of her mouth. <SEP> Her hands were calm now. Shes got guts thought Keith. <SEP> Shes got more guts than any other woman in the world. Keith said Penny Keith you were wonderful. <SEP> I dont suppose a wife should be grateful to her husband for saving her life but I am. Thank you Keith. <SEP> He smiled at her sincerity. For the hundredth time that week he was startled at her beauty. Strange. <SEP> Seven years theyd been married. He knew her mind pretty well by now its quick perceptions and sympathies its painful insistence on truth and directness its capacity for love almost too deep for a man to reciprocate even in part. <SEP> Her beauty always surprised him anew. I realize that this is hardly the time to say it Penny said Keith. <SEP> Knowing you I know that youre glad to be alive and grateful -- and sorry because I killed the snake even though I had to. That so <SEP> Penny lowered her eyes. Yes she said almost in a whisper as if admitting to a crime. <SEP> The snake was beautiful wasnt it Asked Keith his voice getting harsher in spite of himself as he struggled to control his growing anger. It was a king cobra the largest you ever saw and it deserved to live out its life in the jungle didnt it <SEP> it Penny did not answer. <SEP> Now she just sat there looking at him without an expression except concern for him. Were all Gods creatures arent we <SEP> Keith was snarling now. All of us -- every goddam roach and worm and killer in that jungle. You love this village and these stinking brown people because theyre Gods creatures too. <SEP> You love Ahmiri that black bastard of a servant even a little more because hes a beautiful man. He loves you because youre a beautiful woman. <SEP> Were all Gods creatures arent we Penny All of us that is except me. You hate me you hate my guts because I like to hunt. <SEP> You actually hate me -- and we both know it -- because I killed that filthy snake. Well why dont you say something <SEP> Penny would not rise to his mood. There isnt anything left to say is there Keith <SEP> She softly let herself into the bed and took her regular side away from the door where she slept better because Keith was between her and the invader. He knew she was not sulking not even angry at him. <SEP> Just as he knew that she had stopped loving him. The Brahmaputra has its headwaters in the tableland of the world the towering white headwalls of the Himalayas that are unknown to man as any other space on the planet. <SEP> For a brief period each year the rays of the sun are warm enough to melt some of the snows piled a mile deep at the base of the headwalls and then the pinnacles glisten in the daytime at high noon and billions of gallons of water begin their slow seepage under the glaciers and across the rockstrewn hanging valleys on their long meandering journey to the sea -- running east past the sky-carving massifs of Gurla Mandhata and Kemchenjunga then turning south and curling down through the jungles of Assam past the Khasi Hills and into Bengal past Sirinjani and Madaripur until the hard water of the melting snows mingles with the soft drainage of fields and at length fans out to meld with the teeming salt depths of the Bay of Bengal. Keith Sterling had looked down on the Brahmaputra more times than he could remember during the war days when he flew over the Hump of the world thinking it high adventure in those times before man was guiding himself through outer space. <SEP> Keith looked down more than up. He thought of the jungles below him and of the wild strange untracked beauty there and he promised himself that someday he would return on foot perhaps to hunt in this last corner of the world where man is sometimes himself the hunted and animals the lords. <SEP> At first it had been just a romantic dream of his the same as the idea of finishing Oxford after the war. After the war was a luxury of a phrase he did not permit himself. <SEP> Wing Commanders in the RAF do not imply survival in the future either in their orders or in their attitudes to their men or to themselves. Keiths record of kills made him a man to listen to -- a man paradoxically who might even survive. <SEP> He became a fighter pilot after the stint over the Hump in the big crates. The RAF was Britains weapon of attrition and flying a fighter plane was the way her sons could serve her best at this point in the war. <SEP> He knew how to shoot down Nazis. He knew that the men talked about him behind his back saying that he was one up on everybody else -- including the pilot of the plane with the swastika on it -- because he was chemically incapable of fear. <SEP> That was true but only half the truth. The other half he didnt like to recognize even to himself. <SEP> He enjoyed the killing. Not defending England or being an ace or fighting for humanity. He enjoyed killing. <SEP> He would have enjoyed it just as much if he had been a Nazi. Nowadays we talk as though the blitz were just a short skirmish. <SEP> The Nazis bombed Britain so the RAF retaliated and shot them all down. Not quite. It was a war of nerves of stamina of dogged endurance in which the stupid insistence of the British on their right to their own country became ultimately an unsurmountable obstacle to the Nazis who were better organized and technically superior. <SEP> It took a long time before the British tipped the balance. Keith learned too much about air combat and air killing to be risked. <SEP> They grounded him -LRB- over his protests -- not including his true reason for wanting to fly -RRB- and put him in the Command offices. That was where he met Penny. <SEP> He was aware of her as a frightfully good-looking American WAC a second lieutenant assigned to do the paper work -LRB- regardless of how important she might have thought she was -RRB- in the Command offices but that was all. Penny knew him better on her part. <SEP> He had a war reputation but this was the kind of man women like even without medals. They dont go for bull-like muscle as a rule. <SEP> He had strength in his six-foot frame but it was like the tensile steel in a rapier. He was on the thin side with big hands and the kind of wrists that give away the power in forearm and bicep. <SEP> His hair was black already greying at the temples in the classic beauty-idiom the only one permitted to a man. The pretty little twittering WACS said he had the look of eagles -- and Penny hating the cliche had to admit that in this case it applied. <SEP> Keith was an eagle. Penny and Keith had no romance. No dates or hand-holding. <SEP> They met in one searing moment that gave them to one another instantly. The Command offices were in the border country up north where the radar systems centralized their intelligence reports and the fighters were dispatched to harry the enemy. <SEP> The Nazis knew this of course and while their chief quarry was the industrial centers they let a few drop every time they went over hoping for a lucky hit. This time they had been lucky. <SEP> The Command post was underground and well camouflaged. There hadnt been enough time to build it for keeps. <SEP> There was a measure of protection in its concrete walls and ceiling but the engineers who hastily installed it were well aware that concrete is not much better than prayer if as efficacious when a direct hit comes along. This one was actually more of a near miss. <SEP> The bomb plunged into the ground near the Post but not precisely into the Command room itself. There was a shattering cracking sound as the concrete started to buckle the air filled with dust and flying debris and everyone in the room -- men and women hit the floor and used the desks as turtlebacks as ordered. That is everyone but Keith and Penny. <SEP> They stood there just the two of them in the rocking shattering blast. Keith was on his feet because he didnt care at all about life any more : Penny on her feet proudly because she cared too much. <SEP> The bomb was a solitary one. The blast damaged but did not destroy the room. <SEP> Keiths eyes met Pennys as they stood there in this strange marriage of destruction. As the others began to crawl out from beneath the desks and tend to those wounded and mark the several killed he climbed across the debris to Penny and took her hand in his. <SEP> The chaplain married them on the next day. After the war Penny had wanted Keith at least to visit her home with her. <SEP> She came from Ohio from what she called a small farm of two hundred acres as indeed it was to farmer-type farmers. To Keiths London-bred mind such acreage sounded rather invincible. <SEP> It wasnt that however which decided them not to go to America. Keith told Penny about his dream to return to India and Burma. <SEP> He stressed the wild beauty of the mountains and the jungles. He didnt tell her the truth he now freely admitted to himself. <SEP> He couldnt stop killing. That was his true love not Penny. <SEP> The terrible power of a gun the thing that blasted the soul out of a living body man or beast was one he never wanted to lose. In the hunting land this hunger was considered to be a noble thing. <SEP> When they got to Shillong in Assam he was happy. This is a paradise for hunters. <SEP> This was the land of the sladang the great water buffalo with horns forty inches across the spread. The great black leopards. The sambur buck the jungle stag that is even more noble than the Scottish elk. He even hunted elephant although the Asian elephant is not quite as ferocious as his African cousin. <SEP> There are big rogues in both countries. These were the ones Keith sought out -- the loners the ones who killed for the joy of it like himself. <SEP> He and Penny would go out on tame elephants raised from babyhood in the keddah. While he was ever alert for game and most particularly a tiger Penny marvelled at the Eden they were traversing. <SEP> They came upon cheetal deer at woodland pools. Peacocks strutted across their path preening. <SEP> There were fantastic flowers without perfume and gaudy birds without song. Mouse deer played around the feet of the elephants or fled when the mighty legs thrashed too close. <SEP> Wild boar watched their progress with little pig eyes and grunted derision when they didnt consider such game worthy of a shot from the.
cg19.txt:The private detective will also investigate insurance claims or handle divorce cases but his primary function remains what it has always been to assist those who have money in their unending struggle with those who have not. <SEP> It is from this unpromising background that the fictional private detective was recruited. The mythological private eye differs from his counterpart in real life in two essential ways. <SEP> On the one hand he does not work for a large agency but is almost always self-employed. As a free-lance investigator the fictional detective is responsible to no one but himself and his client. <SEP> For this reason he appears as an independent and self-reliant figure whose rugged individualism need not be pressed into the mold of a to routine. On the other hand the fictional detective does not break strikes or handle divorce cases no client would ever think of asking him to do such things. <SEP> Whatever his original assignment the fictional private eye ends up by investigating and solving a crime usually a murder. Operating as a one man police force in fact if not in name he is at once more independent and more dedicated than the police themselves. <SEP> He catches criminals not merely because he is paid to do so -LRB- frequently he does not receive a fee at all -RRB- but because he enjoys his work because he firmly believes that murder must be punished. Thus the fictional detective is much more than a simple businessman. <SEP> He is first and foremost a defender of public morals a servant of society. It is this curious blend of rugged individualism and public service which accounts for the great appeal of the mythological detective. <SEP> By virtue of his self-reliance his individualism and his freedom from external restraint the private eye is a perfect embodiment of the middle class conception of liberty which amounts to doing what you please and let the devil take the hindmost. At the same time because the personal code of the detective coincides with the legal dictates of his society because he likes to catch criminals he is in middle class eyes a virtuous man. <SEP> In this way the private detective gets the best of two possible worlds. He is an individualist but not an anarchist he is a public servant but not a cop. <SEP> In short the fictional private eye is a specialized version of Adam Smiths ideal entrepreneur the man whose private ambitions must always and everywhere promote the public welfare. In the mystery story as in The Wealth of Nations individualism and the social good are two sides of the same benevolent coin. <SEP> There is only one catch to this idyllic arrangement : Adam Smith was wrong. Not only did the ideal entrepreneur not produce the greatest good for the greatest number he ended by destroying himself by giving birth to monopoly capitalism. <SEP> The rise of the giant corporations in Western Europe and the United States dates from the period -. Now although the roots of the mystery story in serious literature go back as far as Balzac Dickens and Poe it was not until the closing decades of the th century that the private detective became an established figure in popular fiction. <SEP> Sherlock Holmes the ancestor of all private eyes was born during the s. Thus the transformation of Adam Smiths ideal entrepreneur into a mythological detective coincides closely with the decline of the real entrepreneur in economic life. <SEP> Driven from the marketplace by the course of history our hero disguises himself as a private detective. The birth of the myth compensates for the death of the ideal. <SEP> Even on the fictional level however the contradictions which give rise to the mystery story are not fully resolved. The individualism and public service of the private detective both stem from his dedication to a personal code of conduct : he enforces the law without being told to do so. <SEP> The private eye is therefore a moral man but his morality rests upon that of his society. The basic premise of all mystery stories is that the distinction between good and bad coincides with the distinction between legal and illegal. <SEP> Unfortunately this assumption does not always hold good. As capitalism in the th century has become increasingly dependent upon force and violence for its survival the private detective is placed in a serious dilemma. <SEP> If he is good he may not be legal if he is legal he may not be good. It is the gradual unfolding and deepening of this contradiction which creates the inner dialectic of the evolution of the mystery story. <SEP> With the advent of Sir Arthur Conan Doyles Sherlock Holmes the development of the modern private detective begins. Sherlock Holmes is not merely an individualist he is very close to being a mental case. <SEP> A brief list of the great detectives little idiosyncrasies would provide Dr. Freud with ample food for thought. Holmes is addicted to the use of cocaine and other refreshing stimulants he is prone to semi-catatonic trances induced by the playing of the vioiln he is a recluse an incredible egotist a confirmed misogynist. <SEP> Holmes rebels against the social conventions of his day not on moral but rather on aesthetic grounds. His eccentricity begins as a defense against boredom. <SEP> It was in order to avoid the stuffy routine of middle class life that Holmes became a detective in the first place. As he informs Watson My life is spent in one long effort to escape from the commonplaces of existence. <SEP> These little problems help me to do so. Holmes is a public servant to be sure but the society which he serves bores him to tears. <SEP> The curious relationship between Holmes and Scotland Yard provides an important clue to the deeper significance of his eccentric behavior. Although he is perfectly willing to cooperate with Scotland Yard Holmes has nothing but contempt for the intelligence and mentality of the police. <SEP> They for their part are convinced that Holmes is too unorthodox and theoretical to make a good detective. Why do the police find Holmes unorthodox <SEP> On the face of it it is because he employs deductive techniques alien to official police routine. Another more interesting explanation is hinted at by Watson when he observes on several occasions that Holmes would have made a magnificent criminal. <SEP> The great detective modestly agrees. Watsons insight is verified by the mysterious link between Holmes and his arch-opponent Dr. Moriarty. <SEP> The two men resemble each other closely in their cunning their egotism their relentlessness. The first series of Sherlock Holmes adventures ends with Holmes and Moriarty grappling together on the edge of a cliff. <SEP> They are presumed to have plunged to a common grave in this fatal embrace. Linked to Holmes even in death Moriarty represents the alter-ego of the great detective the image of what our hero might have become were he not a public servant. <SEP> Just as Holmes the eccentric stands behind Holmes the detective so Holmes the potential criminal lurks behind both. In the modern English whodunnit this insinuation of latent criminality in the detective himself has almost entirely disappeared. <SEP> Hercule Poirot and Lord Peter Whimsey -LRB- the respective creations of Agatha Christie and Dorothy Sayers -RRB- have retained Holmes egotism but not his zest for life and eccentric habits. Poirot and his counterparts are perfectly respectable people it is true that they are also extremely dull. <SEP> Their dedication to the status quo has been affirmed at the expense of the fascinating but dangerous individualism of a Sherlock Holmes. The latters real descendents were unable to take root in England they fled from the Victorian parlor and made their way across the stormy Atlantic. <SEP> In the American hardboiled detective story of thes ands the spirit of the mad genius from Baker Street lives on. Like Holmes the American private eye rejects the social conventions of his time. <SEP> Unlike Holmes he feels his society to be not merely dull but also corrupt. Surrounded by crime and violence everywhere the hardboiled private eye can retain his purity only through a life of self-imposed isolation. <SEP> His alienation is far more acute than Holmes he is not an eccentric but rather an outcast. With Rex Stouts Nero Wolfe alienation is represented on a purely physical plane. <SEP> Wolfe refuses to ever leave his own house and spends most of his time drinking beer and playing with orchids. More profound and more disturbing however is the moral isolation of Raymond Chandlers Philip Marlowe. <SEP> In a society where everything is for sale Marlowe is the only man who can not be bought. His tough honesty condemns him to a solitary and difficult existence. <SEP> Beaten bruised and exhausted he pursues the elusive killer through the demi-monde of high society and low morals always alone always despised. In the end he gets his man but no one seems to care virtue is its own and only reward. <SEP> A similar tone of underlying futility and despair pervades the spy thrillers of Eric Ambler and dominates the most famous of all American mystery stories Dashiell Hammetts The Maltese Falcon. Sam Spade joins forces with a band of adventurers in search of a priceless jeweled statue of a falcon but when the bird is found at last it turns out to be a fake. <SEP> Now the detective must save his own skin by informing on the girl he loves who is also the real murderer. For Sam Spade neither crime nor virtue pays moreover it is increasingly difficult to distinguish between the two. <SEP> Because the private eye intends to save society in spite of himself he invariably finds himself in trouble with the police. The latter are either too stupid to catch the killer or too corrupt to care. <SEP> In either case they do not appreciate the private detectives zeal. Perry Mason and Hamilton Burger Nero Wolfe and Inspector Cramer spend more time fighting each other than they do in looking for the criminal. <SEP> Frequently enough the police are themselves in league with the killer Dashiell Hammetts Red Harvest provides a classic example of this theme. Even when the police are honest they do not trust the private eye. <SEP> He is like Phillip Marlowe too alienated to be reliable. Finally in The Maltese Falcon among others the clash between detective and police is carried to its logical conclusion : Sam Spade becomes the chief murder suspect. <SEP> In order to exonerate himself he is compelled to find the real criminal who happens to be his girl friend. What was only a vague suspicion in the case of Sherlock Holmes now appears as a direct accusation : the private eye is in danger of turning into his opposite. <SEP> It is the growing contradiction between individualism and public service in the mystery story which creates this fatal dilemma. By upholding his own personal code of behavior the private detective has placed himself in opposition to a society whose fabric is permeated with crime and corruption. <SEP> That society responds by condemning the private eye as a threat to the status quo a potential criminal. If the detective insists upon retaining his personal standards he must now do so in conscious defiance of his society. <SEP> He must in short cease to be a detective and become a rebel. On the other hand if he wishes to continue in his chosen profession he must abandon his own code and sacrifice his precious individualism. <SEP> Dashiell Hammett resolved this contradiction by ceasing to write mystery stories and turning to other pursuits. His successors have adopted the opposite alternative. <SEP> In order to save the mystery story they have converted the private detective into an organization man. The first of two possible variations on this theme is symbolized by Mickey Spillanes Mike Hammer. <SEP> At first glance this hero seems to be more rather than less of an individualist than any of his predecessors. For Hammer nothing is forbidden. <SEP> He kills when he pleases takes his women where he finds them and always acts as judge jury and executioner rolled into one.
cf14.txt:With a personal or group tragedy to relate had to be given his day in court as in some vast collective dirge. <SEP> For almost two months the defendant and the world heard from individuals escaped from the grave about fathers and mothers graybeards adolescents babies starved beaten to death strangled machine-gunned gassed burned. One who had been a boy in Auschwitz had to tell how children had been selected by height for the gas chambers. <SEP> The gruesome humor of the Nazis was not forgotten -- the gas chamber with a sign on it with the name of a Jewish foundation and bearing a copper Star of David -- nor the gratuitous sadism of SS officers. Public relations strategists everywhere watching the reaction of the German press the liberal press the lunatic-fringe press listening to their neighbors studying interviews with men and women on the street cried out : Too much too much -- the mind of the audience is becoming dulled the horrors are losing their effect. <SEP> Still another witness one who had crawled out from under a heap of corpses had to tell how the victims had been forced to lay themselves head to foot one on top of the other before being shot. Most of this testimony may have been legally admissible as bearing on the corpus delicti of the total Nazi crime but seemed subject to question when not tied to the part in it of the defendants Department of Jewish Affairs. <SEP> Counsel for the defense however shrewdly allowing himself to be swept by the current of dreadful recollections rarely raised an objection. The emotional catharsis eventually brought on by this awfulness have a calming if not exhausting effect likely to improve his clients chances <SEP> Those who feared emotionalism at the Trial showed less understanding than Dr. Servatius of the route by which man achieves the distance necessary for fairness toward enemies. Interruptions came largely from the bench which numerous times rebuked the Attorney General for letting his witnesses run on though it too made no serious effort to choke off the flow. <SEP> There was a contrast even more decisive than a hunger for fact between the Trial in Jerusalem and those in Moscow and New York. In each of the last the trial marked the beginning of a new course : in Moscow the liquidation of the Old Bolsheviks and the tightening of Stalins dictatorship in the United States the initiation of militant anti-Communism with the repentant ex-Communist in the vanguard. <SEP> These trials were properly termed political cases in that the trial itself was a political act producing political consequences. What could the Eichmann Trial initiate <SEP> Of what new course could it mark the beginning The Eichmann case looked to the past not to the future. <SEP> It was the conclusion of the first phase of a process of tragic recollection and of refining the recollection that will last as long as there are Jews. As such it was beyond politics and had no need of justification by a message. <SEP> It is not an individual that is in the dock at this historical trial -- said Ben Gurion and not the Nazi regime alone -- but anti-Semitism throughout history. How could supplying Eichmann with a platform on which to maintain that one could collaborate in the murder of millions of Jews without being an anti-semite contribute to a verdict against anti-Semitism <SEP> if it was not an individual who was in the dock why was the Trial as we shall observe later all but scuttled in the attempt to prove Eichmann a fiend These questions touch the root of confusion in the prosecutions case. <SEP> It might be contended of course that Eichmann in stubbornly denying anti-Semitic feelings was lying or insisting on a private definition of anti-Semitism. In either event he was the wrong man for the kind of case outlined by Ben Gurion and set forth in the indictment. <SEP> In such a case the defendant should serve as a clear example and not have to be tied to the issue by argument. One who could be linked to anti-Semitism only by overcoming his objections is scarcely a good specimen of the Jew-baiter throughout the ages. <SEP> Shout at Eichmann though he might the Prosecutor could not establish that the defendant was falsifying the way he felt about Jews or that what he did feel fell into the generally recognized category of anti-Semitism. Yes he believed that the Jews were enemies of the Reich and such a belief is of course typical of patriotic anti-Semites but he believed in the Jew-as-enemy in a kind of abstract theological way like a member of a cult speculating on the nature of things. <SEP> The real question was how one passed from anti-Semitism of this sort to murder and the answer to this question is not to be found in anti-Semitism itself. In regard to Eichmann it was to be found in the Nazi outlook which contained a principle separate from and far worse than anti-Semitism a principle by which the poison of anti-Semitism itself was made more virulent. <SEP> Perhaps under the guidance of this Nazi principle one could as Eichmann declared feel personally friendly toward the Jews and still be their murderer. Not through fear of disobeying orders as Eichmann kept trying to explain but through a peculiar giddiness that began in a half-acceptance of the vicious absurdities contained in the Nazi interpretation of history and grew with each of Hitlers victories into a permanent light-mindedness and sense of magical rightness that was able to respond to any proposal and the more outrageous the better Well lets try it. At any rate the substance of Eichmanns testimony was that all his actions flowed from his membership in the party and the SS and though the Prosecutor did his utmost to prove actual personal hatred of Jews his success on this score was doubtful and the anti-Semitic lesson weakened to that extent. <SEP> If the Trial did not expose the special Nazi mania so deadly to Jews as well as to anyone upon whom it happened to light neither did it warn very effectively against the ordinary anti-Semitism of which the Nazis made such effective use in Germany and wherever else they could find it. If anti-Semitism was on trial in Jerusalem why was it not identified and with enough emphasis to capture the notice of the world press in its connection with the activities of Eichmanns Department of Jewish Affairs as exemplified by the betrayal and murder of Jews by non-police and non-party anti-Semites in Germany as well as in Poland Czechoslovakia Hungary <SEP> The infamous Wansee Conference called by Heydrich in January to organize the material and technical means to put to death the eleven million Jews spread throughout the nations of Europe was attended by representatives of major organs of the German state including the Reich Minister of the Interior the State Secretary in charge of the Four Year Plan the Reich Minister of Justice the Under Secretary of Foreign Affairs. The measures for annihilation proposed and accepted at the Conference affected industry transportation civilian agencies of government. <SEP> Heydrich in opening the Conference followed the reasoning and even the phraseology of the order issued earlier by Goering which authorized the Final Solution as a complement to previous solutions for eliminating the Jews from German living space through violence economic strangulation forced emigration and evacuation. In other words the promulgators of the murder plan made clear that physically exterminating the Jews was but an extension of the anti-Semitic measures already operating in every phase of German life and that the new conspiracy counted on the general anti-Semitism that had made those measures effective as a readiness for murder. <SEP> This in fact it turned out to be. Since the magnitude of the plan made secrecy impossible once the wheels had began to turn persons controlling German industries social institutions and armed forces became through their anti-Semitism or their tolerance of it conscious accomplices of Hitlers crimes whether in the last degree or a lesser one was a matter to be determined individually. <SEP> What more could be asked for a Trial intended to warn the world against anti-Semitism than this opportunity to expose the exact link between the respectable Anti-Semite and the concentration-camp brute Not in Eichmanns anti-Semitism but in the anti-Semitism of the sober German man of affairs lay the potential warning of the Trial. <SEP> No doubt many of the citizens of the Third Reich had conceived their anti-Semitism as an innocent dislike of Jews as do others like them today. The Final Solution proved that the Jew-baiter of any variety exposes himself as being implicated in the criminality and madness of others. <SEP> An edifying Trial have made every effort to demonstrate this once and for all by showing how representative types of mere anti-Semites were drawn step by step into the program of skull-bashings and gassings The Prosecutor in his opening remarks did refer to the germ of anti-Semitism among the Germans which Hitler stimulated and transformed. <SEP> If there was evidence at the Trial that aimed over Eichmanns head at his collaborators in the societies where he functioned the press seems to have missed it. The Trial devote much attention to exposing the usefulness of anti-Semitism to the Nazis both in building their own power and in destroying that of rival organizations and states. <SEP> Certainly one of the best ways of warning the world against anti-Semitism is to demonstrate its workings as a dangerous weapon. Eichmann himself is a model of how the myth of the enemy-Jew can be used to transform the ordinary man of present-day society into a menace to all his neighbors. <SEP> Patriots everywhere know enough about how the persecution of the Jews in Germany and later in the occupied countries contributed to terrorizing the populations splitting apart individuals and groups arousing the meanest and most dishonest impulses pulverizing trust and personal dignity and finally forcing people to follow their masters into the abyss by making them partners in unspeakable crimes The career of Eichmann made the Trial a potential showcase for anti-Semitic demoralization : fearful of being mistaken for a Jew he seeks protection in his Nazi uniform clinging to the enemy-Jew idea he is forced to overcome habits of politeness and neighborliness once in power he begins to give vent to a criminal opportunism that causes him to alternate between megalomania and envy of those above him. <SEP> Is this the type of citizen you desire The Trial should have asked the nations. Though this characterization in no way diminished Eichmanns guilt the Prosecutor more deeply involved in the tactics of a criminal case than a political one would have none of it. <SEP> Finally if the mission of the Trial was to convict anti-Semitism how could it have failed to post before the world the contrasting fates of the countries in which the Final Solution was aided by native Jew-haters -- i.e. Germany Poland Hungary Czechoslovakia -- and those in which it met the obstacle of human solidarity -- Denmark Holland Italy Bulgaria France everyone have been awakened to it as an outstanding fact of our time that the nations poisoned by anti-Semitism proved less fortunate in regard to their own freedom than those whose citizens saved their Jewish compatriots from the transports <SEP> this meaning of Eichmanns experience in various countries worth highlighting As the first collective confrontation of the Nazi outrage the Trial of Eichmann represents a recovery of the Jews from the shock of the death camps a recovery that took fifteen years and which is still by no means complete -LRB- though let no one believe that it could be hastened by silence -RRB-. <SEP> Only across a distance of time could the epic accounting begin. It is already difficult to recall how little we knew before the Trial of what had been done to the Jews of Europe. <SEP> It is not that the facts of the persecution were unavailable most of the information elicited in Jerusalem had been brought to the surface by the numerous War Crimes tribunals and investigating commissions and by reports memoirs and survivors accounts.
cr06.txt:Unscientific friend does not believe that human stature is measurable in terms of speed momentum weightlessness or distance from earth but is a matter of the development of the human mind. <SEP> After Gagarin became the Greatest Man in the World for a nation that does not believe in the cult of personality or in careerism Moreland wrote me a letter in which he said : I am not interested in how long a bee can live in a vacuum or how far it can fly. A bees place is in the hive. <SEP> I have come to talk with you about the future of humor and comedy I told him at which he started slightly and then made us each a stiff drink with a trembling hand. I seem to remember he said that in an interview ten years ago you gave humor and comedy five years to live. <SEP> You go to their funeral I was wrong I admitted. <SEP> Comedy didnt die it just went crazy. It has identified itself with the very tension and terror it once did so much to alleviate. <SEP> We now have not only what has been called over here the comedy of menace but we also have horror jokes magazines known as Horror Comics and sick comedians. There are even publications called Sick and Mad. <SEP> The Zeitgeist is not crazy as a loon or mad as a March hare it is manic as a man. I woke up this morning Moreland said paraphrasing Lewis Carroll. <SEP> You want to hear the paraphrase Can I bear it I asked taking a final gulp of my drink and handing him the empty glass. <SEP> Just barely he said and repeated his paraphrase : The time has come the walrus said To speak of manic things Of shots and shouts and sealing dooms Of commoners and kings. Moreland fixed us each another drink and said For Gods sake tell me something truly amusing. <SEP> Ill try I said and sat for a moment thinking. Oh yes the other day I reread some of Emersons English Traits and there was an anecdote about a group of English and Americans visiting Germany more than a hundred years ago. <SEP> In the railway station at Berlin a uniformed attendant was chanting Foreigners this way Foreigners this way One woman -- she could have been either English or American -- went up to him and said But you are the foreigners. <SEP> I took a deep breath and an even deeper swallow of my drink and said I admit that going back to Ralph Waldo Emerson for humor is like going to a modern musical comedy for music and comedy. Whats the matter with the music Moreland asked. <SEP> It doesnt drown out the dialogue I explained. Lets talk about books Moreland said. <SEP> I am told that in America you have non-books by non-writers brought out by non-publishers for non-readers. It all non-fiction <SEP> There is non-fiction and non non-fiction I said. Speaking of nonism : the other day in a story about a sit-down demonstration the Paris Herald Tribune wrote The non-violence became noisier. <SEP> And then Eichmann was quoted as saying in non-English that Hitlers plan to exterminate the Jews was nonsense. If we can not tell evil horror and insanity from nonsense what is the future of humor and comedy Moreland asked grimly. <SEP> Cryptic I said. They require for existence a brave spirit and a high heart and where do you find these <SEP> In our present era of Science and Angst the heart has been downgraded to use one of our popular retrogressive verbs. I know what you mean Moreland sighed. <SEP> Last year your Tennessee Williams told our Dilys Powell in a television program that it is the task of the playwright to throw light into the dark corners of the human heart. Like almost everybody else he confused the heart both as organ and as symbol with the disturbed psyche the deranged glands and the jumpy central nervous system. <SEP> Im not pleading for the heart that leaps up when it beholds a rainbow in the sky or for the heart that with rapture fills and dances with the daffodils. The sentimental pure heart of Galahad is gone with the knightly years but I still believe in the heart of the George Meredith character that was not made of the stuff that breaks. <SEP> We no longer have Tom Moores and Longfellows heart for any fate either I said. Moore and Longfellow didnt have the fate that faces us Moreland said. <SEP> One day our species promises co-existence and the next day it threatens co-extinction. We sat for a while drinking in silence. <SEP> The heart I said finally is now either in the throat or the mouth or the stomach or the shoes. When it was worn in the breast or even on the sleeve we at least knew where it was. <SEP> There was a long silence. You have visited England five times in the past quarter-century I believe my host said. <SEP> What has impressed you most on your present visit I would say depressed not impressed I told him. <SEP> I should say it is the turning of courts of law into veritable theatres for sex dramas involving clergymen and parishioners psychiatrists and patients. It is becoming harder and harder to tell law courts and political arenas from the modern theatre. <SEP> Do you think we need a new Henry James to re-explore the Anglo-American scene He asked. Or perhaps a new Noel Coward you must have heard it said that the drawing-room disappeared forever with the somnolent years of James and the antic heyday of Coward. <SEP> I myself hear it said constantly -- in drawing-rooms. In them there is usually a group of Anglo-Americans with tragicomic problems worthy of being explored either in the novel or in the play or in comedy and satire. <SEP> I stood up and began pacing. If you are trying to get us out of the brothel the dustbin the kitchen sink and the tawdry living-room you are probably wasting your time Moreland told me. <SEP> Too many of our writers seem to be interested only in creatures that crawl out of the woodwork or from under the rock. Furiouser and furiouser I said. <SEP> I am worried about the current meanings of the word funny. It now means ominous as when one speaks of a funny sound in the motor disturbing as when one says that a friend is acting funny and frightening as when a wife tells the police that it is funny but her husband hasnt been home for two days and nights. <SEP> Moreland sat brooding for a full minute during which I made each of us a new drink. He took his glass clinked it against mine and said Toujours gai what the hell Borrowing a line from Don Marquis Mehitabel. <SEP> Be careful of the word gay for it too has undergone a change. It now means in my country homosexual I said. <SEP> Oh I forgot to say that if one is taken to the funny house in the funny wagon he is removed to a mental institution in an ambulance. Recently by the way I received a questionnaire in which I was asked whether or not I was non-institutionalized. <SEP> My host went over and stared out the window at his peacocks then he turned to me. It true that you believe the other animals are saner than the human species <SEP> Oh that is demonstrable I told him. You remember the woman in the French Alps who was all alone with her sheep one day when the sun darkened ominously <SEP> She told the sheep The world is coming to an end the sheep said -- all in unison I have no doubt -- ba-a-a <SEP> The sound mockery of sheep is like the salubrious horse laugh. That is only partly non-nonsense he began. <SEP> If you saw the drama called Rhinoceros I said think of the effect it would have on an audience of rhinos when the actor on stage suddenly begins turning into a rhinoceros. The rhinos would panic screaming help -- if that can be screamed in their language. <SEP> You think the Russians are getting ahead of us in comedy Moreland demanded. Non-God no I said. <SEP> The political and intellectual Left began fighting humor and comedy years ago because they fear things they do not understand and can not manage such as satire and irony such as humor and comedy. Nevertheless like any other human being upon whom the spotlight of the world plays continually Khrushchev the anti-personality cultist has become a comic actor or thinks he has. <SEP> In his famous meeting with Nixon a couple of years ago he seemed to believe that he was as funny as Ed Wynn. Like Caesar he has only one joke so far as I can find out. <SEP> It consists in saying that would be sending the goat to look after the cabbage. Why in the name of his non-God doesnt he vary it a bit <SEP> Such as Moreland asked. Such as sending the cat to guard the mice or the falcon to protect the dove or most terribly sharp of all the human being to save humanity. You and I have fallen out of literature into politics Moreland observed. <SEP> What a nasty fall was there I said. Moreland went over to stare at his peacocks again and then came back and sat down restively. <SEP> The world that was once foot-loose and fancy-free he said has now become screw-loose and frenzy-free. In our age of Science and Angst it seems to me more brave to stay on Earth and explore inner man than to fly far from the sphere of our sorrow and explore outer space. <SEP> The human ego being what it is I put in science fiction has always assumed that the creatures on the planets of a thousand larger solar systems than ours must look like gigantic tube-nosed fruit bats. It seems to me that the first human being to reach one of these planets may well learn what it is to be a truly great and noble species. <SEP> Now we are leaving humor and comedy behind again Moreland protested. Not in the largest sense of the words I said. <SEP> The other day Arnold Toynbee spoke against the inveterate tendency of our species to believe in the uniqueness of its religions its ideologies and its virtually everything else. Why do we not realize that no ideology believes so much in itself as it disbelieves in something else <SEP> Forty years ago an English writer W.L. George dealt with this subject in Eddies of the Day and said as an example that Saint George for Merry England would not start a spirit half so quickly as Strike frog-eating Frenchmen dead There was also Gott strafe Angleterre Moreland reminded me and Carthago delenda est or if you will Deus strafe Carthage. <SEP> It isnt what the ideologist believes in but what he hates that puts the world in jeopardy. This is the force in our time and in every other time that urges the paranoiac and the manic-depressive to become head of a state. <SEP> Complete power not only corrupts but it also attracts the mad. There is a bitter satire for a future writer in that. <SEP> Great satire has always been clearly written and readily understandable I said. We now find writers obsessed by the nooks and crannies of their ivory towers and curiously devoted to the growing obscurity and complexity of poetry and non-poetry. <SEP> I wrote a few years ago that one of the cardinal rules of writing is that the reader should be able to get some idea of what the story is about.
cf23.txt:Do not mean to suggest that these assumptions are self-evident in the sense that everyone agrees with them. <SEP> If they were Walter Lippmann would be writing the same columns as George Sokolsky and Herb Lock would have nothing to draw cartoons about. I do mean however that I take them for granted and that everything I shall be saying would appear quite idiotic against any contrary assumptions. Assumption. <SEP> The ultimate objective of American policy is to help establish a world in which there is the largest possible measure of freedom and justice and peace and material prosperity and in particular -- since this is our special responsibility -- that these conditions be enjoyed by the people of the United States. I speak of the largest possible measure because any person who supposes that these conditions can be universally and perfectly achieved -- ever -- reckons without the inherent imperfectability of himself and his fellow human beings and is therefore a dangerous man to have around. Assumption. <SEP> These conditions are unobtainable -- are not even approachable in the qualified sense I have indicated -- without the prior defeat of world Communism. This is true for two reasons : because Communism is both doctrinally and in practice antithetical to these conditions and because Communists have the will and as long as Soviet power remains intact the capacity to prevent their realization. <SEP> Moreover as Communist power increases the enjoyment of these conditions throughout the world diminishes pro rata and the possibility of their restoration becomes increasingly remote. Assumption. It follows that victory over Communism is the dominant proximate goal of American policy. Proximate in the sense that there are more distant more positive ends we seek to which victory over Communism is but a means. But dominant in the sense that every other objective no matter how worthy intrinsically must defer to it. <SEP> Peace is a worthy objective but if we must choose between peace and keeping the Communists out of Berlin then we must fight. Freedom in the sense of self-determination is a worthy objective but if granting self-determination to the Algerian rebels entails sweeping that area into the Sino-Soviet orbit then Algerian freedom must be postponed. <SEP> Justice is a worthy objective but if justice for Bantus entails driving the government of the Union of South Africa away from the West then the Bantus must be prepared to carry their identification cards yet a while longer. Prosperity is a worthy objective but if providing higher standards of living gets in the way of producing sufficient guns to resist Communist aggression then material sacrifices and denials will have to be made. <SEP> It may be of course that such objectives can be pursued consisently with a policy designed to overthrow Communism my point is that where conflicts arise they must always be resolved in favor of achieving the indispensable condition for a tolerant world -- the absence of Soviet Communist power. The uses of power This much having been said the question remains whether we have the resources for the job we have to do -- defeat Communism -- and if so how those resources ought to be used. <SEP> This brings us squarely to the problem of power and the uses a nation makes of power. I submit that this is the key problem of international relations that it always has been that it always will be. <SEP> I suggest further that the main cause of the trouble we are in has been the failure of American policy-makers ever since we assumed free world leadership in to deal with this problem realistically and seriously. In the recent political campaign two charges were leveled affecting the question of power and I think we might begin by trying to put them into proper focus. <SEP> One was demonstrably false the other for the most part true. The first was that America had become -- or was in danger of becoming -- a second-rate military power. <SEP> I know I do not have to dwell here on the absurdity of that contention. You may have misgivings about certain aspects of our military establishment -- I certainly do -- but you know any comparison of over-all American strength with over-all Soviet strength finds the United States not only superior but so superior both in present weapons and in the development of new ones that our advantage promises to be a permanent feature of U.S.-Soviet relations for the foreseeable future. <SEP> I have often searched for a graphic way of impressing our superiority on those Americans who have doubts and I think Mr. Jameson Campaigne has done it well in his new book American Might And Soviet Myth. Suppose he says that the tables were turned and we were in the Soviets position : There would be more than modern Soviet fighters all better than ours stationed at bases in Mexico and the Caribbean. <SEP> Overwhelming Russian naval power would always be within a few hundred miles of our coast. Half of the population of the U.S. Would be needed to work on arms just to feed the people. <SEP> Add this to the unrest in the countries around us where oppressed peoples would be ready to turn on us at the first opportunity. Add also a comparatively primitive industrial plant which would severely limit our capacity to keep abreast of the Soviets even in the missile field which is reputed to be our main strength. <SEP> If we look at the situation this way we can get an idea of Khrushchevs nightmarish worries -- or at least of the worries he might have if his enemies were disposed to exploit their advantage. U.S. Prestige The other charge was that Americas political position in the world has progressively deteriorated in recent years. <SEP> The contention needs to be formulated with much greater precision than it ever was during the campaign but once that has been done I fail to see how any serious student of world affairs can quarrel with it. The argument was typically advanced in terms of U.S. Prestige. <SEP> Prestige however is only a minor part of the problem and even then it is a concept that can be highly misleading. Prestige is a measure of how other people think of you well or ill. <SEP> Contrary to what was implied during the campaign prestige is surely not important for its own sake. Only the vain and incurably sentimental among us will lose sleep simply because foreign peoples are not as impressed by our strength as they ought to be. <SEP> The thing to lose sleep over is what people having concluded that we are weaker than we are are likely to do about it. The evidence suggests that foreign peoples believe the United States is weaker than the Soviet Union and is bound to fall still further behind in the years ahead. <SEP> This ignorant estimate I repeat is not of any interest in itself but it becomes very important if foreign peoples react the way human beings typically do -- namely by taking steps to end up on what appears to be the winning side. To the extent then that declining U.S. Prestige means that other nations will be tempted to place their bets on an ultimate American defeat and will thus be more vulnerable to Soviet intimidation there is reason for concern. <SEP> Still these guesses about the outcome of the struggle can not be as important as the actual power relationship between the Soviet Union and ourselves. Here I do not speak of military power where our advantage is obvious and overwhelming but of political power -- of influence if you will -- about which the relevant questions are : Is Soviet influence throughout the world greater or less than it was ten years ago <SEP> Western influence greater or less than it used to be Communist gains In answering these questions we need to ask not merely whether Communist troops have crossed over into territories they did not occupy before and not merely whether disciplined agents of the Cominform are in control of governments from which they were formerly excluded : the success of Communisms war against the West does not depend on such spectacular and definitive conquests. <SEP> Success may mean merely the displacement of Western influence. Communist political warfare we must remember is waged insidiously and in deliberate stages. <SEP> Fearful of inviting a military showdown with the West which they could not win the Communists seek to undermine Western power where the nuclear might of the West is irrelevant -- in backwoods guerrilla skirmishes in mob uprisings in the streets in parliaments in clandestine meetings of undercover conspirators at the United Nations on the propaganda front at diplomatic conferences -- preferably at the highest level. The Soviets understand moreover that the first step in turning a country toward Communism is to turn it against the West. <SEP> Thus typically the first stage of a Communist takeover is to neutralize a country. The second stage is to retain the nominal classification of neutralist while in fact turning the country into an active advocate and adherent of Soviet policy. <SEP> This may be as far as the process will go. The Kremlins goal is the isolation and capture not of Ghana but of the United States -- and this purpose may be served very well by countries that masquerade under a neutralist mask yet in fact are dependable auxiliaries of the Soviet Foreign Office. <SEP> To recite the particulars of recent Soviet successes is hardly reassuring. Six years ago French Indochina though in troubie was in the Western camp. <SEP> Today Northern Vietnam is overtly Communist Laos is teetering between Communism and pro-Communist neutralism Cambodia is for all practical purposes neutralist. Indonesia in the early days of the Republic leaned toward the West. <SEP> Today Sukarnos government is heavily besieged by avowed Communists and for all of its neutralist pretensions it is a firm ally of Soviet policy. Ceylon has moved from a pro-Western orientation to a neutralism openly hostile to the West. <SEP> In the Middle East Iraq Syria and Egypt were a short while ago in the Western camp. Today the Nasser and Kassem governments are adamantly hostile to the West are dependent for their military power on Soviet equipment and personnel in almost every particular follow the Kremlins foreign policy line. <SEP> A short time ago all Africa was a Western preserve. Never mind whether the Kikiyus and the Bantus enjoyed Wilsonian self-determination : the point is that in the struggle for the world that vast land mass was under the domination and influence of the West. <SEP> Today Africa is swerving violently away from the West and plunging it would seem into the Soviet orbit. Latin America was once an area as safe for the West as Nebraska was for Nixon. <SEP> Today it is up for grabs. One Latin American country Cuba has become a Soviet bridgehead ninety miles off our coast. <SEP> In some countries the trend has gone further than others : Mexico Panama and Venezuela are displaying open sympathy for Castroism and there is no country -- save the Dominican Republic whose funeral services we recently arranged -- where Castroism and Anti-Americanism does not prevent the government from unqualifiedly espousing the American cause. Only in Europe have our lines remained firm -- and there only on the surface. <SEP> The strains of neutralism are running strong notably in England and even in Germany. Opportunities missed What have we to show by way of counter-successes <SEP> We have had opportunities -- clear invitations to plant our influence on the other side of the Iron Curtain. There was the Hungarian Revolution which we praised and mourned but did nothing about. <SEP> There was the Polish Revolution which we misunderstood and then helped guide along a course favorable to Soviet interests. There was the revolution in Tibet which we pretended did not exist. Only in one instance have we moved purposively and effectively to dislodge existing Communist power : in Guatemala. <SEP> Contrary to what has been said recently we did not wait for outside pressures and world opinion to bring down that Communist government we moved decisively to effect an Anti-Communist coup detat. We served our national interests and by so doing we saved the Guatemalan people the ultimate in human misery.
cp14.txt:Was moving through a screen of hemlocks in among the white birch and maples. <SEP> The sounds from the quarry began to pulse in her ears. She stood once more listening. <SEP> She had never been here at this hour. She felt as if some dark totally unfamiliar shape would clutch at her arm but she found the path she always used the stubs of branches she had broken those she had pushed aside and she walked easily now and more slowly until she could see the dark glisten of water beneath her. <SEP> If I ever committed suicide she thought I would dive straight down from here -- and no one would find me for days. She smiled and expertly let herself downward holding this known root or that her sneakers sliding in the leaves. <SEP> She jumped out onto the flat expanse of rock and seating herself shook her short-cut brown hair and tilted her chin far upward. The reedy music of the frogs had faded but presently it began again growing in volume until it was vibrant. <SEP> Julia felt at peace and drew her legs up and clasped her hands tightly around the bent knees. She had accomplished a miracle. <SEP> This was her place. The hour couldnt change it. <SEP> Only -- only -- her thoughts were a little strange. They were becoming confused. <SEP> Perhaps it was because it was so late and because she had no business to be here now. She was thinking of Paul a few weeks ago in the Easter holidays with her at one of those awful Friday Evening Dancing Class parties her mother had made her attend. <SEP> Hello Julie how are you then off he went so casually to someone else with breasts better developed more obvious in a lower-cut dress someone without a mouthful of wire bands and an inability to find words that would hold him. <SEP> I wish he was with me now she thought and that we were both the ages we are and doing what was once only pretense and acute embarrassment. Oh God I wish I were older or younger Julia Bentley thought. <SEP> I wish so much someone loved me. George Rawlings remembered seeing the door open sometime during the night -- Millie in a white robe standing like a ghost at the threshold. <SEP> She had vanished he must have slept again. He was staring at the blue china lamp left on beside him. <SEP> It seemed too much trouble even to reach for the switch but of course the impossible effort of leaving would have to be made on this Monday morning. This room was like a prison. <SEP> He would not be indebted to Sam Below him as if at the end of some remote tunnel he heard the humming of a vacuum cleaner. <SEP> His fingers fumbled across the bandages. They had left both of his eyes uncovered. <SEP> Well he told himself lets put the show on the road. He was walking across to the bathroom. <SEP> He drank a glass of water and gripped the sink with both hands. A fearful pain had come from his head as if the water were coursing up through the blood vessels and expanding them. <SEP> He recognized his jacket and trousers. The fabric was dark the stains werent too apparent and there were his shoes thank God but his shirt was one terrible mess. <SEP> He shivered and then tore away the blood-soaked parts and wound the rest around his neck like a scarf. Sam would be amazed to find him gone. <SEP> Millie would have to understand. She must have put his clothes in the closet. <SEP> He found a lump rising in his throat because of that one simple act of tidiness. He was on the verge of tears. <SEP> Alex Poldowski -- in a fashion he owed a debt to that effete gentleman. At least Alex had told him he wasnt dying. <SEP> Perhaps George Rawlings would be better off dead. What time was it <SEP> He peered at his wristwatch. Strange it was still running. A quarter to seven. Too early for a vacuum cleaner but probably Sam wanted the whole house in order before he came downstairs. He was kneeling to tie his shoelaces. <SEP> His fingers felt absurdly thick and clumsy. He rose slowly and looked into the mirror on the inside of the closet door. <SEP> He barely knew himself. This was some freak two strands of adhesive tape across his nose like ugly roots from the mass of gauze suddenly moist over his cheekbones. <SEP> The surface however was perfectly white. He was drinking another glass of water. <SEP> It was after seven oclock. He was supposed to be in court this afternoon at City Hall. <SEP> Who would take over Hed have to think but the main thing the imperative necessity was to leave before Sam Bentley was up and about and before Millie detained him with sympathy. <SEP> He entered the hallway. He was actually walking down the stairs. A plane up in the sky above the clouds and this freakish wreck of a man desperately trying to get away. <SEP> Father is that you The voice issued from the cavern of the hall below. <SEP> George did not reply. That you Father <SEP> Whos there For a moment he felt like a thief discovered. <SEP> Then Julia appeared under the arch leading to the dining room. She stood gazing at him. Uncle George <SEP> He was trying to smile at her. Gosh You shouldnt be up should you <SEP> I -- I was just leaving here Julie. Im all set. Just about to call a taxi. <SEP> She was wearing some sort of gray blazer. She seemed overly tall her brow knitted in concern. <SEP> Well at least you wont have to do that she was saying. Im about to leave myself. <SEP> Ill drop you off. Youre leaving <SEP> Im going back to school she answered. Pietros driving me. <SEP> Im just finishing breakfast. But have you told Mother you were going She asked him. No. <SEP> I just dont want anyone disturbed Julie. Thats my wish. <SEP> Its quite a big one he added. Her face seemed to float in an implausibly bright shaft of sunlight. <SEP> Well wont you come in then have a cup of coffee -- or something Or maybe a drink She asked in a way that seemed oddly sophisticated considerate and yet perhaps partly scornful. <SEP> He tried to see her face more clearly. No -- nothing at all he said after a moments hesitation. <SEP> Ill just wait for you here. He leaned his head against the wood paneling behind him but the vivid red images of pain inserted themselves against his eyelids. <SEP> He raised them. Julia moved past. <SEP> I have to say good-bye upstairs. I wont be long. <SEP> As a great favor Julie he said please dont mention youve seen me. Not to anyone No -- please. Ill call your mother as soon as I get home. <SEP> Itll be so much easier. All right She was staring at him. Im fine Julie. <SEP> Please you just go ahead. She had disappeared. <SEP> He could feel a pulse pounding against the bandages. He imagined Sams voice : George what the hell goes on <SEP> I wouldnt have the strength to answer he thought. Maybe I couldnt have called a taxi. <SEP> He could hear the footsteps overhead. He saw the suitcase which Julia was holding. <SEP> He stood up. Ill take that Julie -- for you. <SEP> Oh no she said. I can manage. <SEP> She went ahead of him. Outside the Lincoln was parked. <SEP> He could hardly believe he was getting in. Pietro was gazing at him in an insolent disdainful fashion but that didnt matter. <SEP> Well drop Mr. Rawlings off in Ardmore Julia said and for the merest second George was reminded of her fathers tone with servants. To the manner born -- odd to have such a thought at a time like this yet her inflection seemed forced or rehearsed. He could not stop to analyze. <SEP> He had never felt particularly close to her. Carrie seemed more affectionate but obviously Julia had respected his request. <SEP> He took her hand. I wish I didnt have to go back to school she said and then I wish you lived in New York. <SEP> Thats in the opposite direction. I wish I did he responded. <SEP> I wish I wasnt wearing this ridiculous costume and that we could go to a theater together or a nice restaurant forget we knew He stopped speaking. Forget we ever knew what Oh just sort of everything in general. She said nothing until Pietro had slackened their pace. <SEP> I know you feel badly but that sounds like such a queer thing for you to say. Does it He asked. Yes perhaps. <SEP> Im supposed to joke about things arent I sometimes life can be rather a disappointing business. <SEP> His voice seemed thick and purposeless. He relinquished her hand. <SEP> He could see the stone building where he lived. Just a few more steps. Abruptly he reached into his pocket. <SEP> Yes there was the key. Are you positive youll be all right by yourself She asked him. <SEP> For a moment he smiled. Yes Julie dear. Youve done me the greatest possible service. <SEP> By myself Ill be fine. Take care of yourself then. <SEP> I will. You also. Dont work too hard. <SEP> It was an automatic phrase as he crossed through the courtyard he regretted it. He should have discovered a more tender farewell. <SEP> Someone shouted at him Well Will you look at George Rawlings What happened to you <SEP> I bumped into a door handle George said. Someone laughed. <SEP> George walked steadily ahead into his entry. His bandages seemed on fire. <SEP> He had shut his door with the brass number screwed to it. In the kitchenette the raw whiskey made him gasp. <SEP> Just one or two swallows he told himself enough to lessen some of the pain. He was telephoning. <SEP> No Millie Im home. No really right as rain. Tell Sam not to worry about the car. <SEP> Ill get it hauled away. No please -- no visit today -- Ill be asleep. For Gods sake dont worry. <SEP> That upsets me more than anything. Yes sure Ill see the doctor -- this evening if you insist. <SEP> There was one more call to make. Joan did I wake you He asked. <SEP> Yes I thought youd probably be up. Look sweetheart some fool was. Happened to be driving somewhat intoxicated last night. <SEP> Unfortunately it turned out to be me but I wouldnt quite put it that way to the boss. Oh hell no Im not in a hospital. <SEP> I wont be in town for a couple of days though and theres that case I was supposed to handle this afternoon. Too bad a jury isnt involved. I might struggle in for a jury. <SEP> Id win hands down. I thought maybe Tony Elliott could pinch-hit for me. <SEP> Hell understand -- you might give him sort of a tactful nudge. Hes got all the facts. <SEP> I wouldnt want to ask for a postponement -- its really just a routine thing. What No darling Id rather you didnt come out. <SEP> A smile pulled at the lower strip of adhesive tape. Dont even send flowers. <SEP> Ill see you Wednesday. Ill bribe you with a nice -- He was about to say double martini but thought better of it. <SEP> Ill take you out to dinner. Okay He had put down the receiver. A strange relationship between Joan Fulbright and himself. <SEP> Who knew about it She lived alone in the older part of the city in one of those renovated houses whose brick facade some early settler had constructed. <SEP> She had two tiny rooms on the second floor. She was a clever girl a most efficient secretary. <SEP> She let him come and go as he pleased or as it pleased her. In the office you might have thought them only casual friends yet if he said : Make an excuse yourself come out here today she would have been on the next train -- and similarly if she had been in need he would have gone to her.
ck06.txt:A sneer the man spread his legs and a third time confronted them. <SEP> Once more Katie reared and whinnied in fear. For a moment boy and mount hung in midair. <SEP> Stevie twisted and frantically commanded the mare to leap straight ahead. The stranger was nimbler still. <SEP> With a bold arm he dared once more to obstruct them. Katie reared a third time then trembling descended. <SEP> The stranger leered. Seizing the bridle he tugged with all his might and forced Katie to her knees. <SEP> It was absurd. Stevie could feel himself toppling. <SEP> He saw the ground coming up -- and the strangers head. With incredible ferocity he brought his fists together and struck. <SEP> The blow encountered silky hair and hard bone. The man uttered a weird cry spun about and collapsed in the sand. <SEP> Katie scrambled to her feet Stevie agilely retaining his seat. Again Katie reared and now wickedly he compelled her to bring her hooves down again and again upon the sprawled figure of the stranger. <SEP> He could feel his own feet iron-shod striking repeatedly until the body was limp. He gloated and his lips slavered. <SEP> He heard himself chortling. They rode around and around to trample the figure into the sand. <SEP> Only the top of the head with a spot bare and white as a clamshell remained visible. Stevie was shouting triumphantly. <SEP> A train hooted. Instantly he chilled. <SEP> They were pursuing him. He was frightened his fists clutched so tightly that his knuckles hurt. <SEP> Then Katie stumbled and again he was falling falling Stevie Stevie His mother was nudging him but he was still falling. <SEP> His head hung over the boards of Katies stall before it was sprawled the mangled corpse of the bearded stranger. Stevie wake up now <SEP> Were nearly there. He had been dreaming. <SEP> He was safe in his Mamas arms. The train had slowed. <SEP> Houses winked as the cars rolled beside a little depot. Po Chavis The trainman called. <SEP> He came by and repeated Po Chavis Chapter Bong Bong Startled him awake. <SEP> The room vibrated as if a giant hand had rocked it. Bong A dull boom and a throbbing echo. The walls bulged the floor trembled the windowpanes rattled. <SEP> He stared at the far morning expecting a pendulum to swing across the horizon. Bong He raced to the window and yanked at the sash. Bong <SEP> The wood was old the paint alligatored. Bong A fresh breeze saluted him. Six oclock <SEP> He put his head out. There was the slate roof of the church ivy climbed the red brick walls like a green-scaled monster. <SEP> The clock which had struck presented an innocent face. In the kitchen Mama was wiping the cupboards. <SEP> Theres a tower and a steeple on the church a million feet high. And the loudest clock in the whole world I know Stephen she smiled. <SEP> They say that our steeple is one hundred and sixty-two feet high. The clock you heard strike -- its really the town clock -- was installed last April by Mrs. Shorter on her birthday. <SEP> He dressed and sped outdoors. He crossed Broome Street to Orange Square. <SEP> The steeple leaned backward while the church advanced like a headless creature in a long shapeless coat. The spire seemed to hold up the sky. <SEP> Port Jervis basking in the foothills was the city of God. The Dutch Reformed Church with two steeples and its own school was on Main Street the Episcopal Church was one block down Sussex Street the Catholic Saint Marys Church with an even taller steeple and a cross on top stood on Ball Street. <SEP> The Catholics had the largest cemetery near the Neversink River where Main Street ran south Stevie whistled when he passed these alien grounds. God was everywhere in the belfry in the steeple in the clouds in the trees and in the mountains hulking on the horizon. <SEP> Somewhere beyond where shadows lurked must be the yawning pit of which Papa preached and the dreadful Lake of Fire. So walking in awe he became familiar with God who resided chiefly in Drew Centennial Church with its high steeple and clock. <SEP> There was no church like Drew Church no preacher like Papa who was intimate with Him and could consign sinners to hellfire. To know God he must follow in Papas footsteps. <SEP> He was fortunate and proud. The veterans idling on their benches in the Square beneath the soldiers monument got to their feet when Papa approached : Morning Reverend <SEP> His being and His will -- Stevie could not divide God from his Papa -- illumined every parish face turned the choir into a band of angels and the pulpit into the tollgate to Heaven. We have nine hundred and eleven members in our charge Mama announced and three hundred and eighty Sunday-school scholars. <SEP> When Papa went out to do Gods work Stevie often accompanied him in the buggy which was drawn by Violet the new black mare. Although they journeyed westerly as far as Germantown beyond the Erie roundhouse and the machine shop and along the Delaware and Hudson Canal and northward to Brooklyn below Point Peter he could see the church spire wherever he looked back. <SEP> Sometimes they went south and rolled past the tollhouse -- Afternoon Reverend -- and crossed the suspension bridge to Matamoras that was Pennsylvania. In the Delaware River three long islands were overgrown with greening trees and underbrush. <SEP> South of Laurel Grove Cemetery and below the junction of the Neversink and the Delaware was the Tri-State Rock from which Stevie could spy New Jersey and Pennsylvania as well as New York simply by spinning around on his heel. On these excursions Papa instructed him on mans chief end which was his duty to God and his own salvation. <SEP> However a boys lively eyes might rove. Where Cuddleback Brook purled into the Neversink was a magnificent swimming hole. <SEP> Papa pointed a scornful finger at the splashing youth : Idle recreation Stevie saw no idols it troubled him that he couldnt always see what Papa saw. <SEP> He was torn between the excitement in the sun-inflamed waters and a little engine chugging northward on the Monticello Branch. Where you been today Ludie inquired every evening pretending that he did not care. <SEP> Hell make a preacher out of you No he wont Stevie flared. Not me <SEP> Somebodys got to be a preacher in the family. He made a will and last testament before we left Paterson. <SEP> I heard them Uncle and Aunt Howe were the witnesses. <SEP> He die Everybody does. <SEP> Ludie could be hateful. To speak of Papa dying was a sin. <SEP> It could never happen as long as God was alert and the Drew steeple stood guard with its peaked lance. Stevie was constantly slipping into the church. <SEP> He pulled with all his strength at the heavy brass-bound door and shuffled along the wainscoted wall. The cold mysterious presence of God was all around him. <SEP> At the end of a shaft of light the pews appeared to be broad stairs in a long dungeon. Far away standing before a curtained window in the study room was his father hands tucked under his coattails and staring into the dark church. <SEP> The figure was wreathed in an extraordinary luminescence. The boy shuddered at the deathly pale countenance with its wrinkles and gray hair. <SEP> Papa really die The mouth was thin-lipped and wide the long cleft in the upper lip like a slide. <SEP> When Papas slender fingers removed the spectacles there were red indentations on the bridge of the strong nose. Its time you began to think on God Stephen. <SEP> Perhaps one day He will choose you as He chose me long ago. Therefore give Him your affection and store up His love for you. <SEP> Open your heart to Him and pray Stephen pray His mercy and His guidance to spare you from evil and eternal punishment in the Lake of Fire. <SEP> Stevie had heard these words many times yet on each occasion they caused him to tremble. He feared the Lake of Fire. <SEP> He strove to think of God and His eternal wrath he must pray to be spared. Papa was disappointed that none of the brothers had heard the Call. Not George Townley or Ted certainly not Ludie. <SEP> Burt was at Hackettstown and Will at Albany Law School where they surely could not hear it. Someday God would choose him. <SEP> He would hear the Call and would run to tell Papa. The stern face would relax the black-clad arms would embrace him My son <SEP> how might he know the Call when it came Probably as in Scriptures a still small voice would whisper. <SEP> It would summon him once if he missed it never again. What if it came when he was playing or was asleep and dreaming He must not fail to hear it. <SEP> He was Papas chosen therefore nothing but good could happen to him even in Gods wrathful storms. When the skies grew dark and thunder rolled across the valley he was unafraid. <SEP> Aggie might fly into a closet shut the door and bury her head in the clothes he dared to wait for the lightning. Lightning could strike you blind if you were a sinner <SEP> he was good. He clenched his fists and faced the terror. <SEP> Thunder crashed barrels tumbled down the mountainsides and bounced and bounced till their own fury split them open. Lightning might strike the steeples of the other churches not of Drew Church. <SEP> A flash illumined the trees as a crooked bolt twigged in several directions. Violet whinnied from the stable. <SEP> He ran out into the downpour sped across the yard and into the buggy room. Dont be afraid Violet He shouted and was aghast at the echoes. <SEP> You be afraid He would save her. <SEP> If there was a fire or a flood he would save Mama first and Violet next. Drenched and shaking he stood near the sweet-smelling stall and dared to pat her muzzle. <SEP> Dont you be afraid Violet After the storm the sky cleared blue and cool and fragrant air swept the hills. <SEP> When the sun came out Stevie strode proudly into Orange Square smiling like a landlord on industrious tenants. The fountain had brimmed over the cannon were wet the soldiers monument glistened. <SEP> Even before the benches had dried the Civil War veterans were straggling back to their places. The great spire shone as if the lightning had polished it. <SEP> He jumped. The pointed shadow had nearly touched him. <SEP> He trailed Ludie to the baseball game in the lot on Kingston Street near the Dutch Reformed. Go on home Ludie screeched at him. <SEP> Someonell tell Papa No one told on Ludie not even when he slipped live grasshoppers into the mite-box. <SEP> Ludie did as he pleased. Ludie took his slingshot and climbed to the rooftop to shoot at crows. <SEP> Ludie chewed roofers tar. Ludie had a cigar box full of marbles and shooters and a Roman candle from last Fourth of July. <SEP> Ludie hopped rides on freight cars and was chased by Mr. Yankton the railroad guard. He came home overheated ran straight to the ice-chest and gulped shivery cold water. <SEP> Stevie envied him. That Ludie He too cocked his cap at a jaunty angle jingled marbles in his pocket and swaggered down Main Street. <SEP> On the Christophers lawn little girls in white pinafores were playing grownups at a tea party. A Newfoundland sat solemnly beside a doghouse half his size. <SEP> Stevie yearned for a dog. He wondered whether God had a dog in the sky. <SEP> He meandered down Pike Street past the First National Bank with its green window shades. He crossed the tracks to Delaware House where ladies in gay dresses and men in straw boaters and waxed mustaches crowded the verandah. <SEP> A tall lady with a ruffled collar very low on her bosom turned insolent green eyes upon him. She was taller than Aggie. <SEP> She was so beautiful with her rosy mouth and haughty air that she had to be wicked. Fiddles screeched a piano tinkled. <SEP> P. J. -- as Ludie called the town -- was crowded with summer people who came to the mountains to escape the heat in the big cities. They stayed at hotels and boardinghouses or at private homes. <SEP> Rich people went to Delaware House Opera House American House or Fowler House.
cf01.txt:American romance almost nothing rates higher than what the movie men have called meeting cute -- that is boy-meets-girl seems more adorable if it doesnt take place in an atmosphere of correct and acute boredom. <SEP> Just about the most enthralling real-life example of meeting cute is the Charles MacArthur-Helen Hayes saga : reputedly all he did was give her a handful of peanuts but he said simultaneously I wish they were emeralds. Aside from the comico-romantico content here a good linguist-anthropologist could readily pick up a few other facts especially if he had a little more of the conversation to go on. <SEP> The way MacArthur said his line -- if you had the recorded transcript of a professional linguist -- would probably have gone like this : Afj Primary stresses on emeralds and wish note pitch -LRB- pretty high -RRB- on emeralds but with a slight degree of drawl one degree of oversoftness. Conclusions : The people involved -LRB- and subsequent facts bear me out here -RRB- knew clearly the relative values of peanuts and emeralds both monetary and sentimental. The drawling oversoft voice of flirtation though fairly overt was still well within the prescribed gambit of their culture. <SEP> In other words like automation machines designed to work in tandem they shared the same programming a mutual understanding not only of English words but of the four stresses pitches and junctures that can change their meaning from black to white. At this point unfortunately romance becomes a regrettably small part of the picture but consider if you can bear it what might have happened if MacArthur for some perverse undaunted reason had made the same remark to an Eskimo girl in Eskimo. <SEP> To her peanuts and emeralds would have been just so much blubber. The point -- quite simply -- is this : words they might have had but communication no. <SEP> This basic principle the first in a richly knotted bundle was conveyed to me by Dr. Henry Lee Smith Jr. At the University of Buffalo where he heads the worlds first department of anthropology and linguistics. A brisk amusing man apparently constructed on an ingenious system of spring-joints attuned to the same peppery rhythm as his mind Smith began his academic career teaching speech to Barnard girls -- a project considerably enlivened by his devotion to a recording about a young rat named Arthur who never could make up his mind. <SEP> Later he became one of the central spirits of the Army Language Program and the language school of Washingtons Foreign Service Institute. It was there in the course of trying to prepare new men for the culture shock they might encounter in remote overseas posts that he first began to develop a system of charting the norms of human communication. <SEP> To the trained ear of the linguist talk has always revealed a staggering quantity of information about the talker -- such things as geographical origin and history socio-economic identity education. It is only fairly recently however that linguists have developed a systematic way of charting voices on paper in a way that tells even more about the speakers and about the success or failure of human communication between two people. <SEP> This for obvious reasons makes their techniques superbly useful in studying the psychiatric interview so useful in fact that they have been successfully used to suggest ways to speed diagnosis and to evaluate the progress of therapy. In the earlys Smith together with his distinguished colleague George Trager -LRB- so austerely academic he sometimes fights his own evident charm -RRB- and a third man with the engaging name of Birdwhistell -LRB- Ray -RRB- agreed on some basic premises about the three-part process that makes communication : -LRB- -RRB- words or language -LRB- -RRB- paralanguage a set of phenomena including laughing weeping voice breaks and tone of voice and -LRB- -RRB- kinesics the technical name for gestures facial expressions and body shifts -- nodding or shaking the head talking with ones hands et cetera. <SEP> Smiths first workout with stresses pitches and junctures was based on mother which spells in our culture a good deal more than bread alone. For example if you are a reasonably well-adjusted person there are certain ways that are reasonable and appropriate for addressing your mother. <SEP> The usual U.S. Norm would be : Afj Middle pitches slight pause -LRB- juncture -RRB- before mother slight rise at the end. The symbols of mothers status here are all usual for culture U.S.A. <SEP> Quite other feelings are evidenced by this style : Afj Note the drop to pitch -LRB- the lowest -RRB- on mother with no rise at the end of the sentence this is a fade ending and what you have here is a downtalking style of speech expressing something less than conventional respect for mother. Even less regard for mom and moms apple pie goes with : Afj <SEP> In other words the way the speaker relates to mother is clearly indicated. While the meaning of the words is not in this instance altered the quality of communication in both the second and third examples is definitely impaired. <SEP> An accompanying record of paralanguage factors for the second example might also note a throaty rasp. With this seven-word sentence -- though the speaker undoubtedly thought he was dealing only with the subject of food -- he was telling things about himself and in the last two examples revealing that he had departed from the customs of his culture. <SEP> The joint investigations of linguistics and psychiatry have established in point of fact that no matter what the subject of conversation is or what words are involved it is impossible for people to talk at all without telling over and over again what sort of people they are and how they relate to the rest of the world. Since interviewing is the basic therapeutic and diagnostic instrument of modern psychiatry the recording of interviews for playbacks and study has been a boost of Redstone proportions in new research and training. <SEP> Some of the earliest recordings made in thes demonstrated that psychiatrists reacted immediately to anger and anxiety in the sound track whereas written records of the same interview offered far fewer cues to therapy which -- if they were at all discernible in print -- were picked up only by the most skilled and sensitive experts. In a general way psychiatrists were able to establish on a wide basis what many of them had always felt -- that the most telling cues in psychotherapy are acoustic that such things as stress and nagging are transmitted by sound alone and not necessarily by words. <SEP> At a minimum recording -- usually on tape which is now in wide professional use -- brings the psychiatric interview alive so that the full range of emotion and meaning can be explored repeatedly by the therapist or by a battery of therapists. Newest to this high-powered battery are the experts in linguistics who have carried that minimum to a new level. <SEP> By adding a systematic analysis with symbols to the typed transcripts of interviews they have supplied a new set of techniques for the therapist. Linguistic charting of the transcribed interview flags points where the patients voice departs from expected norms. <SEP> It flags such possible breakdowns of communication as rehearsed dialogue the note of disapproval ambivalence or ambiguity annoyance resentment and the disinclination to speak at all -- this last often marked by a fade-in beginning of sentences. Interpretation naturally remains the role of the therapist but orientation -- not only the patients vocal giveaways of geographical and socio-economic background but also vocal but non-verbal giveaways of danger spots in his relationship to people -- can be considerably beefed up by the linguist. <SEP> His esoteric chartings of the voice alert the therapist to areas where deeper probing may bring to light underlying psychological difficulties making them apparent first to the therapist and eventually to the patient. In one now-historic first interview for example the transcript -LRB- reproduced from the book The First Five Minutes -RRB- goes like this : The therapists level tone is bland and neutral -- he has for example avoided stressing you which would imply disapproval or surprise which would set the patient apart from other people. <SEP> The patient on the other hand is far from neutral aside from her specifically regional accent she reveals by the use of the triad irritable tense depressed a certain pedantic itemization that indicates she has some familiarity with literary or scientific language -LRB- i.e. She must have had at least a high-school education -RRB- and she is telling a story she has mentally rehearsed some time before. Then she catapults into everything and everybody putting particular violence on everybody indicating to the linguist that this is a spot to flag -- that is it is not congruent to the patients general style of speech up to this point. <SEP> Consequently it is referred to the therapist for attention. He may then very well conclude that everybody is probably not the true target of her resentment. <SEP> Immediately thereafter the patient fractures her rehearsed story veering into an oversoft breathy sloppily articulated I dont feel like talking right now. Within the first five minutes of this interview it is apparent to the therapist that everybody truthfully refers to the womans husband. <SEP> She says later but still within the opening five minutes I keep thinking of a divorce but thats another emotional death. The linguistic and paralinguistic signals of misery are all present in the voice chart for this sentence so are certain signals that she does not accept divorce. <SEP> By saying another emotional death she reveals that there has been a previous one although she has not described it in words. This the therapist may pursue in later questioning. <SEP> The phrase emotional death interesting and to a non-scientific mind rather touching suggests that this woman may have some flair for words perhaps even something of the temperament regrettably called creative. Since the psychiatric interview like any other interview depends on communication it is significant to note that the therapist in this interview was a man of marked skill and long experience. <SEP> His own communication apparatus operated superbly and Lillian Ross readers will note instantly its total lack of resemblance to the blunted monumentally unmeshed mechanism of Dr. Blauberman. Interestingly enough -- although none of the real-life therapists involved could conceivably compare with Blauberman -- when groups of them began playing back interviews they discovered any number of ways in which they wanted to polish their own interview techniques almost everyone on first hearing one of his own sessions on tape expressed some desire to take the whole thing over again. <SEP> Yet in spite of this intensive study of the taped interviews by teams of psychotherapists and linguists laid bare the surprising fact that in the first five minutes of an initial interview the patient often reveals as many as a dozen times just whats wrong with him to spot these giveaways the therapist must know either intuitively or scientifically how to listen. Naturally the patient does not say I hate my father or Sibling rivalry is what bugs me. <SEP> What he does do is give himself away by communicating information over and above the words involved. Some of the classic indicators as described by Drs. Pittenger Hockett and Danehy in The First Five Minutes are these : ambiguity of pronouns : Stammering or repetition of I you he she et cetera may signal ambiguity or uncertainty. <SEP> On the other hand significant facts may be concealed -- she may mean I or everybody as it did with the tense and irritable woman mentioned before may refer to a specific person. The word that is not used can be as important as the word that is used therapist and linguist must always consider the alternatives. <SEP> When someone says for example They took x-rays to see that there was nothing wrong with me it pays to consider how this statement would normally be made. -LRB- This patient in actuality was a neurasthenic who had almost come to the point of accepting the fact that it was not her soma but her psyche that was the cause of her difficulty. -RRB- Amateur linguists note here that Pursewarden in Durrells Alexandria Quartet stammered when he spoke of his wife which is hardly surprising in view of their disastrous relationship.
cg32.txt:Time he was making no mistake. <SEP> Olgivanna -- in her country the nickname was a respectful form of address -- was not only attractive but shrewd durable sensible and smart. No wonder Wright was enchanted -- no two better suited people ever met. Almost from that day until his death Olgivanna was to stay at his side but the years that immediately followed were to be extraordinarily trying both for Wright and his Montenegrin lady. <SEP> It must be granted that the flouting of convention no matter how well intentioned one may be is sure to lead to trouble or at least to the discomfort that goes with social disapproval. Even so many of the things that happened to Wright and Olgivanna seem inordinately severe. <SEP> Their afflictions centered on one maddening difficulty : Miriam held up the divorce proceedings that she herself had asked for. Reporters began to trail Miriam everywhere and to encourage her to make appalling statements about Wright and his doings. <SEP> Flocks of writs attachments and unpleasant legal papers of every sort began to fly through the air. The distracted Miriam would agree to a settlement through her legal representative then change her mind and make another attack on Wright as a person. <SEP> At last her lawyer Arthur D. Cloud gave up the case because she turned down three successive settlements he arranged. Cloud made an interesting statement in parting from his client : I wanted to be a lawyer and Mrs. Wright wanted me to be an avenging angel. <SEP> I got out. Mrs. Wright is without funds. <SEP> The first thing to do is get her some money by a temporary but definite adjustment pending a final disposition of the case. Every time I suggested this to her Mrs. Wright turned it down and demanded that I go out and punish Mr. Wright. <SEP> I am an attorney not an instrument of vengeance. Miriam Noel disregarded the free advice of her departing counselor and appointed a heavy-faced young man named Harold Jackson to take his place. <SEP> There were three years of this strange warfare and during the unhappy time Miriam often would charge that Wright and Olgivanna were misdemeanants against the public order of Wisconsin. Yet somehow when officers were prodded into visiting Taliesin to execute the warrants they would find neither Wright nor Olgivanna at home. <SEP> This showed that common sense had not died out at the county and village level -- though why the unhappy and obviously unbalanced woman was not restrained remains a puzzle. The misery of Miriams bitterness can be felt today by anyone who studies the case -- it was hopeless agonizing and destructive with Miriam herself bearing the heaviest burden of shame and pain. <SEP> To get an idea of the embarrassment and chagrin that was heaped upon Wright and Olgivanna we should bear in mind that the raids were sometimes led by Miriam in person. One of the most distressing of these scenes occurred at Spring Green toward the end of the open warfare on a beautiful day in June. <SEP> At this time Miriam Noel appeared urging on Constable Henry Pengally whose name showed him to be a descendant of the Welsh settlers in the neighborhood. A troop of reporters brought up the rear. <SEP> Miriam was stopped at the Taliesin gate and William Weston now the estate foreman came out to parley. He said that Mr. Wright was not in and so could not be arrested on something called a peace warrant that Miriam was waving in the air. <SEP> Miriam now ordered Pengally to break down the gate but he said he really couldnt go that far. At this point Mrs. Frances Cupply one of Wrights handsome daughters by his first wife came from the house and tried to calm Miriam as she tore down a no visitors sign and smashed the glass pane on another sign with a rock. <SEP> Miriam Noel Wright said Here I am at my own home locked out so I must stand in the road Then she rounded on Weston and cried You always did Wrights dirty work <SEP> When I take over Taliesin the first thing Ill do is fire you. Madame Noel I think you had better go said Mrs. Cupply. <SEP> And I think you had better leave replied Miriam. Turning to the reporters she asked Did you hear her <SEP> I think you had better leave this is my own home. <SEP> In the silence that followed Miriam walked close to Mrs. Cupply who drew back a step on her side of the gate. Then with staring eyes and lips drawn thin Miriam said to the young woman You are ugly -- uglier than you used to be and you were always very ugly. <SEP> You are even uglier than Mr. Wright. The animosity expressed by such a scene had the penetrating quality of a natural force and it gave Miriam Noel a fund of energy like that of a person inspired to complete some great and universal work of art. <SEP> As if to make certain that Wright would be unable to pay any settlement at all Miriam wrote to prospective clients denouncing him she also went to Washington and appealed to Senator George William Norris of Nebraska the Fighting Liberal from whose office a sympathetic but cautious harrumphing was heard. Then after overtures to accept a settlement and go through with a divorce Miriam gave a ghastly echo of Mrs. Micawber by suddenly stating I will never leave Mr. Wright. <SEP> Under this kind of pressure it is not surprising that Wright would make sweeping statements to the newspapers. Miriam had not yet goaded him into mentioning her directly but one can feel the generalized anger in Wrights remarks to reporters when he was asked one morning on arrival in Chicago what he thought of the city as a whole. <SEP> First Wright said he was choked by the smoke which fortunately kept him from seeing the dreadful town. Surely Michigan Avenue was handsome <SEP> That isnt a boulevard its a racetrack Cried Wright showing that automobiles were considered to be a danger as early as thes. This is a horrible way to live Wright went on. <SEP> You are being strangled by traffic. He was then asked for a solution of the difficulty and began to talk trenchant sense though private anguish showed through in the vehemence of his manner. <SEP> Take a gigantic knife and sweep it over the Loop Wright said. Cut off every building at the seventh floor. <SEP> Spread everything out. You dont need concentration. <SEP> If you cut down these horrible buildings youll have no more traffic jams. Youll have trees again. <SEP> Youll have some joy in the life of this city. After all thats the job of the architect -- to give the world a little joy. <SEP> Little enough joy was afforded Wright in the spring of when another destructive fire broke out at Taliesin. The first news stories had it that this blaze was started by a bolt of lightning as though Miriam could call down fire from heaven like a prophet of the Old Testament. <SEP> A storm did take place that night and fortunately enough it included a cloudburst that helped put out the flames. Later accounts blamed defective wiring for starting the fire at any rate heat grew so intense in the main part of the house that it melted the window panes and fused the Kang-si pottery to cinders. <SEP> Wright set his loss at $ U a figure perhaps justified by the unique character of the house that had been ruined and the faultless taste that had gone into the selection of the prints and other things that were destroyed. In spite of the disaster Wright completed during this period plans for the Lake Tahoe resort in which he suggested the shapes of American Indian tepees -- a project of great and appropriate charm that came to nothing. <SEP> Amid a shortage of profitable work the memory of Albert Johnsons $ U stood out in lonely grandeur -- the money had quickly melted away. A series of conferences with friends and bankers began about this time and the question before these meetings was here is a man of international reputation and proved earning power how can he be financed so that he can find the work he ought to do <SEP> While this was under consideration dauntless as ever Wright set about the building of Taliesin. As he made plans for the new Taliesin Wright also got on paper his conception of a cathedral of steel and glass to house a congregation of all faiths and the idea for a planetarium with a sloping ramp. <SEP> Years were to pass before these plans came off the paper and Wright was justified in thinking as the projects failed that much of what he had to show his country and the world would never be seen except by visitors to Taliesin. Now there was some question as to his continued residence there. <SEP> Billy Koch who had once worked for Wright as a chauffeur gave a deposition for Miriams use that he had seen Olgivanna living at Taliesin. This might put Wright in such a bad light before a court that Miriam would be awarded Taliesin nor was she moved by a letter from Wright pointing out that if he was not compelled to spend money on useless lawyers bills useless hotel bills and useless doctors bills he could more quickly provide Miriam with a suitable home either in Los Angeles or Paris as she preferred. <SEP> Miriam sniffed at this and complained that Wright had said unkind things about her to reporters. His reply was Everything that has been printed derogatory to you purporting to have come from me was a betrayal and nothing yet has been printed which I have sanctioned. <SEP> What irritated Miriam was that Wright had told the papers about a reasonable offer he had made which he considered she would accept when she tires of publicity. From her California headquarters Miriam fired back I shall never divorce Mr. Wright to permit him to marry Olga Milanoff. <SEP> Then Miriam varied the senseless psychological warfare by suddenly withdrawing a suit for separate maintenance that had been pending and asking for divorce on the grounds of cruelty with the understanding that Wright would not contest it. The Bank of Wisconsin sent a representative to the judges chambers in Madison to give information on Wrights ability to meet the terms. <SEP> He said that the architect might reasonably be expected to carry his financial burdens if all harrassment could be brought to an end and that the bank would accept a mortgage on Taliesin to help bring this about. Miriam said that she must be assured that that other woman Olga will not be in luxury while I am scraping along. <SEP> This exhausted Wrights patience and in consequence he talked freely to reporters in a Madison hotel suite. Volstead laws speed laws divorce laws he said as they now stand demoralize the individual make liars and law breakers of us in one way or another and tend to make our experiment in democracy absurd. <SEP> If Mrs. Wright doesnt accept the terms in the morning Ill go either to Tokyo or to Holland to do what I can. I realize in taking this stand just what it means to me and mine. <SEP> Here Wright gave a slight sigh of weariness and continued It means more long years lived across the social grain of the life of our people making shift to live in the face of popular disrespect and misunderstanding as I best can for myself and those dependent upon me. Next day word came that Miriam was not going through with the divorce but Wright stayed in the United States. <SEP> His mentioning of Japan and Holland had been merely the expression of wishful thinking. No matter what troubles might betide him this most American of artists knew in his heart he could not function properly outside his native land. <SEP> In a few weeks Miriam made another sortie at Taliesin but was repulsed at the locked and guarded gates.
cp07.txt:Said nothing. <SEP> There any word you would like to offer in your own defense Spencer shook his head. <SEP> Alexander said Answer me properly Spencer. Spencer was quiet for a moment longer then he said There is nothing I want to say Captain. Very well. <SEP> Alexander walked away. Naval procedure he thought had its moments of grim humor. <SEP> Philip Spencer had cold-bloodedly planned the murder of his captain yet it seemed in order to chide him for a lapse of proper address. During the morning hours it became clear that the arrest of Spencer was having no sobering effect upon the men of the Somers. <SEP> Those named in the Greek paper were manufacturing reasons to steal aft under pretence of some call of duty so as to be near Spencer watching an opportunity to communicate with him. Hostile glances were flashed at both Alexander and Gansevoort. <SEP> The two met in the Captains cabin. What is the next step Captain <SEP> More arrests I fear. In your opinion who is this E. Andrews on the certain list Cromwell of course. <SEP> He is the oldest and most experienced of the lot. He saw the dangers not the glories of being identified as a mutineer. <SEP> Somehow he talked Spencer into letting him use another name. There was a tap at the door and Oliver entered with the word that Heiser wished to see the Captain. <SEP> Have him come in. Heiser breathless and wild-eyed brought the chilling news that the handspikes heavers and holystones had been mysteriously removed from their customary places. <SEP> Also sir two articles which were considered souvenirs now must be regarded in another light entirely. An African knife and battle-ax are at this moment being sharpened by McKinley and Green. <SEP> McKinley was overheard to say that he would like to get the knife into Spencers possession and that -- Where did you gather all this information Heiser <SEP> Who reported to you the disappearance of handspikes and heavers and who -- He was interrupted by a crash from the deck and sprang toward the ladder with Gansevoort and Heiser behind him. <SEP> A glance revealed that the main topgallant mast had been carried away. The aimless milling about of what had been a well-trained well-organized crew struck Alexander with horror. <SEP> He bellowed orders and watched the alert response of some of his men and watched too the way a dozen or more turned their heads questioningly toward the shackled figure as though for further instruction. Adrien Deslonde hastened to Alexanders side. <SEP> Small violently jerked the weather-royal brace with full intention to carry away the mast. I saw him myself and it was done after consultation with Cromwell. <SEP> I swear it sir. It was clear that Adrien was not mistaken for both Small and Cromwell took no step toward aiding in the sending up of the new topgallant mast till Philip Spencer had given the signal to obey. <SEP> Then with disappointment evident upon their faces they moved to the work. Alexander guessed that they had planned confusion and turmoil thinking it the ideal climate in which to begin battle and bloodshed. <SEP> Their strategy was sound enough and he reasoned had been defeated only by Philip Spencers unwillingness to sanction an idea he had not originated. When the mast was raised Alexander gave the order for Small and Cromwell to be placed under arrest and now three figures in irons sprawled upon the open deck and terror stalked the Somers. <SEP> Spencers potential followers were openly sullen and morose missing muster without excuse expressing in ominous tones their displeasure at the prisoners being kept in irons communicating with the three by glance and signal. One of the missing handspikes came out of its hiding place after Midshipman Tillotson had been insolently disobeyed by Seaman Wilson. <SEP> Tillotson had reported the man to Gansevoort and an hour later with back turned had been attacked by Wilson brandishing the weapon. Wilson shackled and snarling was thrown with the other prisoners and was soon joined by Green McKee and McKinley. <SEP> Not a man on the brig loyal or villainous could be unaffected by the sight of seven men involved in the crime of mutiny. In the tiny cabin Alexander met with Gansevoort Heiser and Wales to speak and to listen. <SEP> Three days had passed since Spencers arrest and each day had brought new dangers new fears. Gansevoort said It requires an omniscient eye to select those if any on whom we can now rely. <SEP> To have the Greek paper is not the great help that at first flush it seemed. From actions aboard it is easy to guess that Spencers boast of twenty staunch followers was a modest estimate. <SEP> Well Heiser ventured why dont we hold an investigation with questioning and -- That would be worse than useless Alexander broke in. <SEP> There is not space to hold or force to guard any increased number of prisoners. Besides suppose we hold a court of inquiry then what <SEP> Then we have informed a large number of our crew that when they reach the United States they will be punished but that in the meanwhile they may run loose and are expected to perform their jobs in good order. Mr. Heiser does this sound like a truly workable plan to you <SEP> you not think these men might choose the black flag here and now Wales said Of course they would. <SEP> They are about to do so at any moment as it is. All that is needed is for one man to feel self-confident enough to take the lead. <SEP> As soon as that one man is appointed by himself or the others or by a signal from Spencer we are going to be rushed. We are going to be rushed and murdered. <SEP> That is extravagant language Mr. Wales. We are not going to be rushed and murdered Alexander said. <SEP> We are going to bring the Somers into New York harbor safe and sound. Of course I agree with the Captain Gansevoort said thoughtfully but the conspiracy is ferocious and desperate. <SEP> The instinct of discipline has been lost. Anything is possible when anarchy has the upper hand. <SEP> He paused then added Everything on a ship is a weapon. Implements of wood and iron are available for close and hasty combat no matter where a man stands. <SEP> We are positive of so few and suspicious of so many. We ourselves must stand sentinel. Alexander said. Under arms day and night watch and watch about. <SEP> Those of us present the Perry brothers Deslonde and the other midshipmen now have the responsibility of the Somers. A great deal of labor we have as well for we are too uncertain of where trust may be placed. <SEP> When he was alone again in the cabin Alexander lowered his head into his arms and wept for he knew full well what must be done what in the end would be done. With all his heart he had loved the Navy and now he must act in accordance with the Navys implacable laws. <SEP> When he did when he gave to his ship that protection necessary to preserve her honor he knew he would lose forever the Navy to which he had dedicated his soul. Where had he failed <SEP> How had he failed He who had tried so hard who had yearned so passionately to be a great officer. It came to him as he wept there aboard the Somers that it was as foolish to strive for greatness as to seek to storm the gates of heaven. <SEP> It was given or it was not given. One did ones best and if fortune smiled there was a reward. <SEP> One did ones best and if fortune frowned an eighteen-year-old boy with murder in his heart sailed aboard ones ship. Alexander sobbed like a girl for the dreams he had had and he felt no shame. <SEP> God knew his tears were his to shed if he so desired for it had not been with an egotists rage for fame that he had held precious his naval career. Another field had given him fame enough to satisfy any egotist. <SEP> It was for love that he had served the Navy. To have someday that love returned was what he had lived for. <SEP> Now the hope was gone. Yes he would bring the Somers safely into New York harbor but at a price. Dear God at what a price. <SEP> After a while he dried his tears and walked the deck as a captain should with assurance and dignity. Stern-faced he inspected the prisoners satisfying himself that they were clean well fed and comfortable within reason. <SEP> The prisoners averted their eyes but not before he had glimpsed hatred and anger. Only Cromwell the giant boatswain was mild-mannered and respectful. <SEP> He said Captain may I speak please Captain I am innocent of any plot against you or the ship. <SEP> You Cromwell Yes sir. Before God I swear I am innocent. <SEP> I know nothing of any plot if there is such a thing. You are the only man aboard who can be in doubt. <SEP> I can not speak for others sir but I am innocent. He leaned closer to Alexander squinting up at him from the deck. <SEP> Surely Captain you did not find my name on any suspicious paper or anything. No Cromwell I did not find your name. <SEP> You were careful about that. Now Spencer seeming with effort to shake himself from lethargy spoke. <SEP> He said Cromwell is telling you the truth. He is innocent. <SEP> Alexander shifted his gaze to Spencer. The calmness and detachment of his tone suggested unawareness of how implicit was his own guilt in the words he had used to defend Cromwell. <SEP> Alexander knew Spencer too well to think him naive or thick-skulled. In a sudden wave of painful clarity Alexander recognized a kinship with Spencer. <SEP> Here was another human who understood the stupidity of quarreling with the inevitable. There was good fortune and there was bad and Philip Spencer in handcuffs and ankle irons knew it to be a truth. <SEP> He expected nothing for himself but that which naturally follows those marked for misfortune. The red-haired captain towering above the prisoner as a symbol of decency and authority was shocked to find himself looking with sympathy upon Philip Spencer. <SEP> This tragic lad had forged his own shackles. He could not have done so could not have found the way had fortune favored him. <SEP> Because fortune had favored neither the prisoner nor the red-haired captain they would be each others undoing. Spencer if there is guilt if you do not deny your own how is it possible for Cromwell to be innocent <SEP> He was your constant companion. The hazel eyes met Alexanders. <SEP> I tell you he is innocent. Do you think there is a reason why I should accept your word Yes. <SEP> I have nothing to gain by defending Cromwell. Nothing to lose either Spencer. Thats true Spencer agreed and withdrew himself from the conversation. <SEP> His eyes went back to contemplation of the sea. I am innocent Captain Cromwell said again. <SEP> Before God Captain I am innocent. Though it was logical that a man who could plot mass murder would not hesitate to speak an untruth still it was difficult to understand why Spencer spoke only for Cromwell. <SEP> The boatswain was as guilty as any. No action of his could be interpreted in his favor and four midshipmen prior to their knowing the significance of the Greek paper had seen it in Cromwells hands while Spencer whispered explanations. <SEP> I thought Midshipman Rogers had told Alexander that Spencer was teaching him geometry. It was fantastic to turn from the seven men in shackles to the wardroom where a class of apprentices awaited him. <SEP> This was a training ship and the training would continue but there was an element of frightful absurdity here which Alexander recognized. Some of these apprentices were in physical strength already men and doubtless a percentage of them were Spencers followers.
ck22.txt:Would not want to be one of those writers who begin each morning by exclaiming O Gogol O Chekhov O Thackeray and Dickens what would you have made of a bomb shelter ornamented with four plaster-of-Paris ducks a birdbath and three composition gnomes with long beards and red mobcaps <SEP> As I say I wouldnt want to begin a day like this but I often wonder what the dead would have done. The shelter is as much a part of my landscape as the beech and horse-chestnut trees that grow on the ridge. <SEP> I can see it from this window where I write. It was built by the Pasterns and stands on the acre of ground that adjoins our property. <SEP> It bulks under a veil of thin new grass like some embarrassing fact of physicalness and I think Mrs. Pastern set out the statuary to soften its meaning. It would have been like her. <SEP> She was a pale woman. Sitting on her terrace sitting in her parlor sitting anywhere she ground an axe of self-esteem. <SEP> Offer her a cup of tea and she would say Why these cups look just like a set I gave to the Salvation Army last year. Show her the new swimming pool and she would say slapping her ankle I suppose this must be where you breed your gigantic mosquitoes. <SEP> Hand her a chair and she would say Why its a nice imitation of those Queen Anne chairs I inherited from Grandmother Delancy. These trumps were more touching than they were anything else and seemed to imply that the nights were long her children ungrateful and her marriage bewilderingly threadbare. <SEP> Twenty years ago she would have been known as a golf widow and the sum of her manner was perhaps one of bereavement. She usually wore weeds and a stranger watching her board a train might have guessed that Mr. Pastern was dead but Mr. Pastern was far from dead. <SEP> He was marching up and down the locker room of the Grassy Brae Golf Club shouting Bomb Cuba Bomb Berlin <SEP> Lets throw a little nuclear hardware at them and show them whos boss. He was brigadier of the clubs locker-room light infantry and at one time or another declared war on Russia Czechoslovakia Yugoslavia and China. <SEP> It all began on an autumn afternoon -- and who after all these centuries can describe the fineness of an autumn day One might pretend never to have seen one before or to more purpose that there would never be another like it. <SEP> The clear and searching sweep of sun on the lawns was like a climax of the years lights. Leaves were burning somewhere and the smoke smelled for all its ammoniac acidity of beginnings. <SEP> The boundless blue air was stretched over the zenith like the skin of a drum. Leaving her house one late afternoon Mrs. Pastern stopped to admire the October light. <SEP> It was the day to canvass for infectious hepatitis. Mrs. Pastern had been given sixteen names a bundle of literature and a printed book of receipts. <SEP> It was her work to go among her neighbors and collect their checks. Her house stood on a rise of ground and before she got into her car she looked at the houses below. <SEP> Charity as she knew it was complex and reciprocal and almost every roof she saw signified charity. Mrs. Balcolm worked for the brain. <SEP> Mrs. Ten Eyke did mental health. Mrs. Trenchard worked for the blind. <SEP> Mrs. Horowitz was in charge of diseases of the nose and throat. Mrs. Trempler was tuberculosis Mrs. Surcliffe was Mothers March of Dimes Mrs. Craven was cancer and Mrs. Gilkson did the kidney. <SEP> Mrs. Hewlitt led the birthcontrol league Mrs. Ryerson was arthritis and way in the distance could be seen the slate roof of Ethel Littletons house a roof that signified gout. Mrs. Pastern undertook the work of going from house to house with the thoughtless resignation of an honest and traditional laborer. <SEP> It was her destiny it was her life. Her mother had done it before her and even her old grandmother who had collected money for smallpox and unwed mothers. <SEP> Mrs. Pastern had telephoned most of her neighbors in advance and most of them were ready for her. She experienced none of the suspense of some poor stranger selling encyclopedias. <SEP> Here and there she stayed to visit and drink a glass of sherry. The contributions were ahead of what she had got the previous year and while the money of course was not hers it excited her to stuff her kit with big checks. <SEP> She stopped at the Surcliffes after dusk and had a Scotch-and-soda. She stayed too late and when she left it was dark and time to go home and cook supper for her husband. <SEP> I got a hundred and sixty dollars for the hepatitis fund she said excitedly when he walked in. I did everybody on my list but the Blevins and the Flannagans. <SEP> I want to get my kit in tomorrow morning -- would you mind doing them while I cook the dinner But I dont know the Flannagans Charlie Pastern said. <SEP> Nobody does but they gave me ten last year. He was tired he had his business worries and the sight of his wife arranging pork chops in the broiler only seemed like an extension of a boring day. <SEP> He was happy enough to take the convertible and race up the hill to the Blevins thinking that they might give him a drink. The Blevins were away their maid gave him an envelope with a check in it and shut the door. <SEP> Turning in at the Flannagans driveway he tried to remember if he had ever met them. The name encouraged him because he always felt that he could handle the Irish. <SEP> There was a glass pane in the front door and through this he could see into a hallway where a plump woman with red hair was arranging flowers. Infectious hepatitis he shouted heartily. <SEP> She took a good look at herself in the mirror before she turned and walking with very small steps started toward the door. Oh please come in she said. <SEP> The girlish voice was nearly a whisper. She was not a girl he could see. <SEP> Her hair was dyed and her bloom was fading and she must have been crowding forty but she seemed to be one of those women who cling to the manners and graces of a pretty child of eight. Your wife just called she said separating one word from another exactly like a child. <SEP> And I am not sure that I have any cash -- any money that is -- but if you will wait just a minute I will write you out a check if I can find my checkbook. You step into the living room where its cozier <SEP> A fire had just been lighted he saw and things had been set out for drinks and like any stray his response to these comforts was instantaneous. Where was Mr. Flannagan he wondered. Travelling home on a late train Changing his clothes upstairs Taking a shower <SEP> At the end of the room there was a desk heaped with papers and she began to riffle these making sighs and and noises of girlish exasperation. I am terribly sorry to keep you waiting she said but wont you make yourself a little drink while you wait <SEP> Everythings on the table. What train does Mr. Flannagan come out on <SEP> Mr. Flannagan is away she said. Her voice dropped. <SEP> Mr. Flannagan has been away for six weeks. Ill have a drink then if youll have one with me. <SEP> You will promise to make it weak. Sit down he said and enjoy your drink and look for your checkbook later. <SEP> The only way to find things is to relax. All in all they had six drinks. <SEP> She described herself and her circumstances unhesitatingly. Mr. Flannagan manufactured plastic tongue depressors. <SEP> He travelled all over the world. She didnt like to travel. <SEP> Planes made her feel faint and in Tokyo where she had gone that summer she had been given raw fish for breakfast and so she had come straight home. She and her husband had formerly lived in New York where she had many friends but Mr. Flannagan thought the country would be safer in case of war. <SEP> She would rather live in danger than die of loneliness and boredom. She had no children she had made no friends. <SEP> Ive seen you though before she said with enormous coyness patting his knee. Ive seen you walking your dogs on Sunday and driving by in the convertible. <SEP> The thought of this lonely woman sitting at her window touched him although he was even more touched by her plumpness. Sheer plumpness he knew is not a vital part of the body and has no procreative functions. <SEP> It serves merely as an excess cushion for the rest of the carcass. Knowing its humble place in the scale of things why did he at this time of life seem almost ready to sell his soul for plumpness <SEP> The remarks she made about the sufferings of a lonely woman seemed so broad at first that he didnt know what to make of them but after the sixth drink he put his arm around her and suggested that they go upstairs and look for her checkbook there. Ive never done this before she said later when he was arranging himself to leave. <SEP> Her voice shook with feeling and he thought it lovely. He didnt doubt her truthfulness although he had heard the words a hundred times. <SEP> Ive never done this before they always said shaking their dresses down over their white shoulders. Ive never done this before they always said waiting for the elevator in the hotel corridor. <SEP> Ive never done this before they always said pouring another whiskey. Ive never done this before they always said putting on their stockings. <SEP> On ships at sea on railroad trains in summer hotels with mountain views they always said Ive never done this before. Where have you been Mrs. Pastern asked sadly when he came in. <SEP> Its after eleven. I had a drink with the Flannagans. <SEP> She told me he was in Germany. He came home unexpectedly. <SEP> Charlie ate some supper in the kitchen and went into the TV room to hear the news. Bomb them He shouted. <SEP> Throw a little nuclear hardware at them Show them whos boss <SEP> in bed he had trouble sleeping. He thought first of his son and daughter away at college. <SEP> He loved them. It was the only meaning of the word that he had ever known. <SEP> Then he played nine imaginary holes of golf choosing his handicap his irons his stance his opponents and his weather in detail but the green of the links seemed faded in the light of his business worries. His money was tied up in a Nassau hotel an Ohio pottery works and a detergent for window-washing and luck had been running against him. <SEP> His worries harried him up out of bed and he lighted a cigarette and went to the window. In the starlight he could see the trees stripped of their leaves. <SEP> During the summer he had tried to repair some of his losses at the track and the bare trees reminded him that his pari-mutuel tickets would still be lying like leaves in the gutters near Belmont and Saratoga. Maple and ash beech and elm one hundred to win on Three in the fourth fifty to win on Six in the third one hundred to win on Two in the eighth. Children walking home from school would scuff through what seemed to be his foliage. <SEP> Then getting back into bed he thought unashamedly of Mrs. Flannagan planning where they would next meet and what they would do. There are he thought so few true means of forgetfulness in this life that why should he shun the medicine even when the medicine seemed as it did a little crude
cg17.txt:Only eighteen years of non-interference there were already indications of melioration though in a slight degree to be sure. <SEP> There were more indications by the mid-twentieth century. I leave it to the statisticians to say what they were but I noticed several a few years ago during an automobile ride from Memphis to Hattiesburg. <SEP> In town after town my companion pointed out the Negro school and the White school and in every instance the former made a better appearance -LRB- it was newer for one thing -RRB-. It really looked as if a change of the sort predicted by Booker T. Washington had been going on. <SEP> With the renewal of interference in -LRB- as with its beginning in -RRB- the improvement was impaired. For over a hundred years Southerners have felt that the North was picking on them. <SEP> Its infuriating this feeling that one is being picked on continually constantly. By what right of superior virtue Southerners ask do the people of the North do this <SEP> The traditional strategy of the South has been to expose the vices of the North to demonstrate that the North possessed no superior virtue to show the world that as Jamess Christopher Newman said to his adversaries -RRB- however bad I may be youre not quite the people to say it. In the pre-Civil War years the South argued that the slave was not less humanely treated than the factory worker of the North. <SEP> At the present time the counter-attack takes the line that theres no more of the true spirit of integration in the North than in the South. The line is a pretty good one. <SEP> People talk about the law of the land. The expression has become quite a cliche. <SEP> People cant be made to integrate socialize -LRB- the two are inseparable by Southern standards -RRB- by law. I was having lunch not long ago -LRB- apologies to N.V. Peale -RRB- with three distinguished historians -LRB- one specializing in the European Middle Ages one in American history and one in the Far East -RRB- and I asked them if they could name instances where the general mores had been radically changed with deliberate speed majestic instancy -LRB- Francis Thompsons words for the Hound Of Heavens Pursuit -RRB- by judicial fiat. <SEP> They didnt seem to be able to think of any. A Virginia judge a while back cited a Roman jurist to the effect that ten years might be a reasonable length of time for such a change. <SEP> I suspect that the old Roman was referring to change made under military occupation -- the sort of change which Tacitus was talking about when he said They make a desert and call it peace -LRB- Solitudinem faciunt pacem appellant. -RRB-. Moreover the law of the land is not irrevocable it can be changed it has been many times. <SEP> Mr. Justice Taneys Dred Scott decision in was unpopular in the North and soon became a dead letter. Prohibition was the law of the land but it was unpopular -LRB- how many of us oldsters took up drinking in prohibition days drinking was so gay so fashionable especially in the sophisticated Northeast -RRB- and was repealed. <SEP> The cliche loses its talismanic virtue in the light of a little history. The Declaration of Independence says that governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed. <SEP> The phrase consent of the governed needs a hard look. How do we define it <SEP> the consent of the governed a numerical majority Calhoun dealt with this question in his Disquisition On Government. <SEP> To guard against the tyranny of a numerical majority Calhoun developed his theory of concurrent majority which he said by giving to each portion of the community which may be unequally affected by the action of government a negative on the others prevents all partial or local legislation. Who will say that our country is even now a homogeneous community That regional peculiarities do not still exist That the Court order does not unequally affect the Southern region <SEP> Who will deny that in a vast portion of the South the Federal action is incompatible with the Jeffersonian concept of the consent of the governed Circumstances alter cases. <SEP> A friend of mine in New Mexico said the Court order had caused no particular trouble out there that all had gone as merry as a marriage bell. He seemed a little surprised that it should have caused any particular trouble anywhere. <SEP> I murmured something about a possible difference between New Mexicos history and Mississippis. One can meet with aloofness almost anywhere : the THIDIU viewpoint It Doesnt Affect Us <SEP> Southern Liberals -LRB- there are a good many -RRB- -- especially if theyre rich -- often exhibit blithe insouciance. The trouble here is that its almost too easy to take the high moral ground when it doesnt cost you anything. <SEP> Youve already sent your daughter to Miss Xs select academy for girls and your son to Mr. Ys select academy for boys and you can be as liberal as you please with strict impunity. If theres no suitable academy in your own neighborhood theres always New England. <SEP> New England academies welcome fugitives from the provinces South as well as West. They may even enroll a colored student or two for show though he usually turns out to be from Thailand or any place other than the American South. <SEP> It would be interesting to know how much integration there is in the famous fashionable colleges and prep schools of New England. A recent newspaper report said there were five Negroes in the graduating class of nearly one thousand at Yale that is about one-half of one per cent which looks pretty tokenish to me especially in an institution which professes to be national. <SEP> I must confess that I prefer the Liberal who is personally affected who is willing to send his own children to a mixed school as proof of his faith. I leave out of account the question of the best interests of the children the question of what their best interests really are. <SEP> Im talking about the grand manner of the Liberal -- North and South -- who is not affected personally. If these people were denied a voice -LRB- do they have a moral right to a voice -RRB- what voices would be left <SEP> Who is involved willy nilly Well after everybody has followed the New England pattern of segregating ones children into private schools only the poor folks are left. <SEP> It is precisely in this poorer economic class that one finds and has always found the most racial friction. A dear respected friend of mine who like myself grew up in the South and has spent many years in New England said to me not long ago : I cant forgive New England for rejecting all complicity. <SEP> Being a teacher of American literature I remembered Whittiers Massachusetts To Virginia where he said : But that one dark loathsome burden ye must stagger with alone And reap the bitter harvest which ye yourselves have sown. There is a legend -LRB- Hawthorne records it in his English Notebooks. And one finds it again in Thomas Nelson Page -RRB- to the effect that the Mayflower on its second voyage brought a cargo of Negro slaves. <SEP> Whether historically a fact or not the legend has a certain symbolic value. Complicity is an embarrassing word. <SEP> It is something which most of us try to get out from under. Like the cowboy in Stephen Cranes Blue Hotel we run around crying Well I didnt do anything did I <SEP> Robert Penn Warren puts it this way in Brother To Dragons : The recognition of complicity is the beginning of innocence where innocence I think means about the same thing as redemption. A man must be able to say Father I have sinned or there is no hope for him. <SEP> Lincoln understood this better than most when he said in his Second Inaugural that God gives to both North and South this terrible war as the woe due to those by whom the offense came. He also spoke of the wealth piled by the bondsmans two hundred and fifty years in unrequited toil. <SEP> Lincoln was historian and economist enough to know that a substantial portion of this wealth had accumulated in the hands of the descendants of New Englanders engaged in the slave trade. After how many generations is such wealth -LRB- mounting all the while through the manipulations of high finance -RRB- purified of taint <SEP> It is a question which New Englanders long ago put out of their minds. Didnt they get off too easy <SEP> The slaves never shared in their profits while they did share in a very real sense in the profits of the slave-owners : they were fed clothed doctored and so forth they were the beneficiaries of responsible paternalistic care. Emerson -- Platonist idealist doctrinaire -- sounded a high Transcendental note in his Boston Hymn delivered in in the Boston Music Hall amidst thundering applause : Pay ransom to the owner and fill the bag to the brim. <SEP> Who is the owner The slave is owner And ever was. <SEP> Pay him It is the abstractionism the unrealism of the pure idealist. <SEP> It ignores the sordid financial aspects -LRB- quite conveniently too for his audience who could indulge in moral indignation without visible or even conscious discomfort their money from the transaction having been put away long ago in a good antiseptic brokerage -RRB-. Like Pilate they had washed their hands. <SEP> Can one really God be mocked ever in the long run <SEP> New Englanders were a bit sensitive on the subject of their complicity in Negro slavery at the time of the drafting of the Declaration of Independence as Jefferson explained in his Autobiography : The clause reprobating the enslaving the inhabitants of Africa was struck out in complaisance to South Carolina and Georgia who had never attempted to restrain the importation of slaves and who on the contrary still wished to continue it. Our Northern brethren also I believe felt a little tender under those censures for though their people had very few slaves themselves yet they had been pretty considerable carriers of them to others. <SEP> That was a long time ago. The New England conscience became desensitized. <SEP> George W. Cable -LRB- naturalized New Englander -RRB- writing in from Paradise Road Northampton -LRB- lovely symbolic name -RRB- agitated continuously the Southern question. It was nice to be able to isolate it. <SEP> New England as everyone knows has long been schoolmaster to the Nation. There one finds concentrated in a comparatively small area the chief universities colleges and preparatory schools of the United States. <SEP> Why should this be so It is true that New England more than any other section was dedicated to education from the start. <SEP> I think that something more than this is involved. How did it happen for example that the state university that great symbol of American democracy failed to flourish in New England as it did in other parts of the country <SEP> it a bit odd that the three states of Southern New England -LRB- Massachusetts Connecticut and Rhode Island -RRB- have had state institutions of university status only in the very recent past these institutions having previously been A & M colleges it supposed perchance that A & M -LRB- vocational training that is -RRB- was quite sufficient for the immigrant class which flooded that part of the New England world in the post-Civil War period the immigrants having been brought in from Southern Europe to work in the mills to make up for the labor shortage caused by migration to the West <SEP> it not ironical that Roger Williamss state Rhode Island should have been the very last of the forty-eight to establish a state university The state universities of Maine New Hampshire And Vermont are older and more respectable they had less immigration to contend with. <SEP> A Yale historian writing a few years ago in The Yale Review said : We in New England have long since segregated our children. He was referring not only to the general college situation but more especially to the preparatory schools. <SEP> What a galaxy of those adorns that fair land I dont propose to go into their history but I have one or two surmises. <SEP> One is that they were established or gained eminence under pressure provided by these same immigrants from whom the old families wished to segregate their children. In the early days of a homogeneous population the public school was quite satisfactory.
cg03.txt:War be set off by accident <SEP> What steps have been taken to guard against the one sort of mishap that could trigger the destruction of continents we as safe as we should be from such a disaster <SEP> anything being done to increase our margin of safety the danger increase or decrease <SEP> I have just asked these questions in the Pentagon in the White House in offices of key scientists across the country and aboard the submarines that prowl for months underwater with neat rows of green launch tubes which contain Polaris missiles and which are affectionately known as Sherwood Forest. I asked the same questions inside the launch-control rooms of an Atlas missile base in Wyoming where officers who wear sidearms are manning the commit buttons that could start a war -- accidentally or by design -- and in the command centers where other pistol-packing men could give orders to push such buttons. <SEP> To the men in the instrument-jammed bomber cockpits submarine compartments and the antiseptic windowless rooms that would be the foxholes of tomorrows impersonal intercontinental wars the questions seem farfetched. There is unceasing pressure but its sources are immediate. <SEP> Readiness exercises are almost continuous. Each could be the real thing. <SEP> In the command centers there are special clocks ready to tick off the minutes elapsed since E hour. E stands for execution -- the moment a go order would unleash an American nuclear strike. <SEP> There is little time for the men in the command centers to reflect about the implications of these clocks. They are preoccupied riding herd on control panels switches flashing colored lights on pale green or gray consoles that look like business machines. <SEP> They know little about their machinery beyond mechanical details. Accidental war is so sensitive a subject that most of the people who could become directly involved in one are told just enough so they can perform their portions of incredibly complex tasks. <SEP> Among the policy makers generals physicists psychologists and others charged with controlling the actions of the button pushers and their hardware the answers to my questions varied partly according to a mans flair for what the professionals in this field call scenarios. As an Air Force psychiatrist put it : You cant have dry runs on this one. <SEP> The experts are thus forced to hypothesize sequences of events that have never occurred probably never will -- but possibly might. Only one rule prevailed in my conversations with these men : The more highly placed they are -- that is the more they know -- the more concerned they have become. <SEP> Already accidental war is a silent guest at the discussions within the Kennedy Administration about the urgency of disarmament and nearly all other questions of national security. Only recently new holes were discovered in our safety measures and a search is now on for more. <SEP> Work is under way to see whether new restraining devices should be installed on all nuclear weapons. Meanwhile the experts speak of wars triggered by false pre-emption escalation unauthorized behavior and other terms that will be discussed in this report. <SEP> They inhabit a secret world centered on go codes and gold phones. Their conversations were almost invariably accompanied by the same gestures -- arms and pointed forefingers darting toward each other in arclike semicircular motions. <SEP> One arm represented our bombers and missiles the other arm theirs. Implicit in each movement was the death of millions perhaps hundreds of millions perhaps you and me -- and the experts. <SEP> These men are not callous. It is their job to think about the unthinkable. <SEP> Unanimously they believe that the world would become a safer place if more of us -- and more Russians and Communist Chinese too -- thought about accidental war. The first systematic thinking about this Pandoras box within Pandoras boxes was done four years ago by Fred Ikle a frail meek-mannered Swiss-born sociologist. <SEP> He was and is with the RAND Corporation a nonprofit pool of thinkers financed by the U.S. Air Force. His investigations made him the Paul Revere of accidental war and safety procedures were enormously increased. <SEP> In recent weeks as a result of a sweeping defense policy reappraisal by the Kennedy Administration basic United States strategy has been modified -- and large new sums allocated -- to meet the accidental-war danger and to reduce it as quickly as possible. The chain starts at BMEWS -LRB- Ballistic Missile Early Warning System -RRB- in Thule Greenland. <SEP> Its radar screens would register Soviet missiles shortly after they are launched against the United States. BMEWS intelligence is simultaneously flashed to NORAD -LRB- North American Air Defense Command -RRB- in Colorado Springs Colorado for interpretation to the SAC command and control post forty-five feet below the ground at Offutt Air Force Base near Omaha Nebraska to the Joint War Room of the Joint Chiefs of Staff in the Pentagon and to the President. <SEP> Telephones Teletypes several kinds of radio systems and in some cases television link all vital points. Alternate locations exist for all key command centers. <SEP> For last-ditch emergencies SAC has alternate command posts on KC- jet tankers. Multiple circuits routings and frequencies make the chain as unbreakable as possible. <SEP> The same principle of redundancy applies to all communications on these special networks. No messages can be transmitted on these circuits until senders and receivers authenticate in advance by special codes that the messages actually come from their purported sources. <SEP> Additional codes can be used to challenge and counterchallenge the authentications. Only the President is permitted to authorize the use of nuclear weapons. <SEP> Thats the law. But what if somebody decides to break it The President can not personally remove the safety devices from every nuclear trigger. <SEP> He makes the momentous decision. Hundreds of men are required to pass the word to the button pushers and to push the buttons. What if one or more of them turn irrational or suddenly coolly decide to clobber the Russians What if the President himself in the language of the military goes ape Or singlehandedly decided to reverse national policy and hit the Soviets without provocation <SEP> Nobody can be absolutely certain of the answers. However the system is designed ingeniously and hopefully so that no one man could initiate a thermonuclear war. <SEP> Even the President can not pick up his telephone and give a go order. Even he does not know the one signal for a nuclear strike -- the go code. <SEP> In an emergency he would receive available intelligence on the gold-phone circuit. A system of gold -- actually yellow -- phones connects him with the offices and action stations of the Secretary of Defense the Joint Chiefs of Staff the SAC commander and other key men. <SEP> All can be connected with the gold circuit from their homes. All could help the President make his decision. <SEP> The talk would not be in code but neither would it ramble. Vital questions would be quickly answered according to a preprepared agenda. <SEP> Officers who participate in the continual practice drills assured me that the Presidents decision could be made and announced on the gold circuit within minutes after the first flash from Afj. If communications work his decision would be instantly known in all command posts that would originate the actual go order. <SEP> These centers too are on the gold circuit. They include the Navys Atlantic Command at Norfolk Virginia which is in contact with the Polaris subs NATO headquarters in Europe Air Force forward headquarters in Europe and in the Pacific which control tactical fighters on ships and land bases and SAC which controls long-range bombers and Atlas missiles. <SEP> Let us look in on one of these nerve centers -- SAC at Omaha -- and see what must still happen before a wing of B- bombers could drop their Afj. In a word plenty. The key man almost certainly would be Col. William W. Wisman SACs senior controller. <SEP> He or his deputy or one of their seven assistants all full colonels mans the heart of the command post twenty-four hours a day. It is a quiet but impressive room -- feet long thirty-nine feet wide twenty-one feet high. <SEP> Movable panels of floor-to-ceiling maps and charts are crammed with intelligence information. Bill Wisman forty-three a farmers son from Beallsville Ohio is a quiet but impressive man. <SEP> His eyes are steady anchors of the deepest brown. His movements and speech are precise clear and quick. <SEP> No question ruffles him or causes him to hesitate. Wisman who has had the chief controllers job for four years calls the signals for a team operating three rows of dull-gray consoles studded with lights switches and buttons. <SEP> At least a dozen men some armed are never far away from him. In front of him is a gold phone. <SEP> In emergencies the SAC commander Gen. Thomas Power or his deputies and their staff would occupy a balcony that stretches across the length of the room above Wisman and his staff. At General Powers seat in the balcony there is also a gold phone. <SEP> General Power would participate in the decision making. Wisman below would listen in and act. <SEP> His consoles can give him instant contact with more than seventy bases around the world and with every SAC aircraft. He need only pick up one of the two red telephone receivers at his extreme left right next to the big red button marked alert. <SEP> -LRB- There are two receivers in case one should be dropped and damaged. -RRB- Wisman too does not know the go code. <SEP> He must take it from the red box. In point of fact this is a beige box with a bright red door about one and a half feet square and hung from the wall about six feet from the door to Wismans right. <SEP> The box is internally wired so the door can never be opened without setting off a screeching klaxon -LRB- Its real obnoxious -RRB-. Now we must become vague for we are approaching one of the nations most guarded secrets. <SEP> The codes in the red box -- there are several of them covering various contingencies -- are contained in a sealed X-ray-proof unique device. They are supplied a batch at a time by a secret source and are continually changed by Wisman or his staff at random intervals. <SEP> Even the contents of Wismans box can not start a war. They are mere fragments just one portion of preprepared messages. <SEP> What these fragments are and how they activate the go order may not be revealed. The pieces must be placed in the context of the prepared messages by Wismans staff. <SEP> In addition to the authentication and acknowledgment procedures which precede and follow the sending of the go messages again in special codes each message also contains an internal authenticator another specific signal to convince the recipient that he is getting the real thing. I asked Wisman what would happen if he broke out the go codes and tried to start transmitting one. <SEP> Id wind up full of bullet holes he said and there was no question that he was talking about bullets fired by his coworkers. Now let us imagine a wing of B- s on alert near their positive control -LRB- or fail-safe -RRB- points the spots on the map many miles from Soviet territory beyond which they are forbidden to fly without specific orders to proceed to their targets. <SEP> They too have fragments of the go code with them. As Wisman put it They have separate pieces of the pie and we have the whole pie. <SEP> Once we send out the whole pie they can put their pieces into it. Unless we send out the whole pie their pieces mean nothing. <SEP> Why does Wismans ever-changing code always mesh with the fragments in possession of the button pushers The answer is a cryptographic secret. <SEP> At any rate three men out of a six-man B- crew are required to copy down Wismans go-to-war message. Each must match Wismans pie with the fragment that he carries with him. <SEP> All three must compare notes and agree to go. After that it requires several minutes of concentrated work including six separate and deliberate actions by a minimum of three men sitting at three separate stations in a bomber each with another man beside him to help for an armed bomb to be released. <SEP> Unless all gadgets are properly operated -- and the wires and seals from the handles removed first -- no damage can be done.
cp12.txt:Had a rather small place of my own. A nice bachelor apartment in a place called the Lancaster Arms. <SEP> Uhhu she said hardly listening as she studied her left eyelid. And then I had another place farther downtown I used as a studio. Uhhu. <SEP> Im not a man who has many close intimate friends Carla he said wanting her to know all about him. Oh Id drink with newspaper people. <SEP> I think I was what you might call a convivial man and yet it was when I was alone in my studio doing my work that I really felt alive. I think a man needs at least one intimate friend to communicate with. <SEP> Pausing he waited for her to turn to ask a question. She showed no interest at all in the life he had led back home and it hurt him a little. Well what about you Carla <SEP> Me She asked turning slowly. What about me you make friends easily Umm uhhu. <SEP> Somehow I imagine that as you grew up you were alone a lot. How about it I guess so she said taking a Kleenex from her purse. <SEP> When she had wiped some of the lipstick from her mouth she stared solemnly at her image in the mirror. Are your people still alive He asked trying to touch a part of her life Alberto hadnt discussed so he could have something of her for himself. <SEP> You talk so well Carla he went on. You seem to have read so much you have a natural gift for words he added trying to flatter her vanity. <SEP> You must have been good at history at school. Where did you go to school <SEP> What is this She asked turning suddenly. You know all about me by this time <SEP> My names Carla Caneli. This is my town. <SEP> I sleep with you. You know something more about me every day dont you <SEP> you be happier if I made up some stories about my life told you some lies Why are you trying to worry me <SEP> Im not trying to worry you. Well all right then. The cleansing tissues she had been using had been falling on the floor and he got up and picked up one then another hoping she would notice what he was doing. <SEP> At home he had been a clean orderly man and now he had to hide his annoyance. Was she just naturally sloppy about everything but her physical appearance He wondered. <SEP> He have to clean up after her every day clean the kitchen the bathroom and get down on his knees and scrub the kitchen floor then hang up her dresses pick up her stockings make the bed while she lay around He straightened up ready to vent his exasperation then grew afraid. <SEP> If he dwelt on the indignities he suffered he would lose all respect for her and without the respect he might lose his view of her too. Whats the matter She asked suddenly. Nothing. <SEP> Nothing at all he said quietly. Lets go out. <SEP> Those the only shoes you have Sam Whats the matter with them The heavy thick soles. <SEP> Look at them. Theyre an expensive English shoe for walking around a lot. <SEP> I like them. Sam no one around here wears such heavy soles. <SEP> You get another pair Maybe I could he said surprised that she could turn from herself and notice anything about him. <SEP> Ill get an elegant pair of thin-soled Italian shoes tomorrow Carla. And I dont know why you want to go on wearing that outfit she said making a face. <SEP> Whats the matter with it He had put on the gray jacket and the dark-gray slacks and the fawn-colored shirt he had worn that first night in Rome when he had encountered her on the street. Oh Sam. <SEP> You look like a tweedy Englishman. You wear something else and look a little more as though you belonged <SEP> I dont mind at all he said delighted with her attention. Changing his clothes he put on his dark-blue flannel suit and laid away the gray jacket with the feeling that he might be putting it aside for good. <SEP> It was a hopeful sign he told himself. She no longer wanted anything about him to remind her of the circumstances of their meeting that first night in Parioli. <SEP> That day they loafed around just getting the feel of the city. They looked at the ruins of the old Roman wall on the lower Via Veneto then they went to the Farnese Gardens. <SEP> She had some amusing scandal about the Farneses in the old days. Then they took a taxi to Trastevere. <SEP> Theres a church you should see she said. When they stood by the fountain in the piazza looking at Santa Maria he had to keep a straight face not letting on he had been there with Alberto. <SEP> He let her tell him all about the church. Then they had dinner. <SEP> All evening she was eloquent and pleased with herself. When they got home at midnight she was tired out. <SEP> In the morning when he woke up at ten the church bells were ringing. He had never heard so many bells and as he lay there listening he thought of her scolding him for his remarks when he had looked up at the obelisk and the church at the top of the Spanish Steps. <SEP> It was a good thing that she clung to her religion he thought. She might like to take him to St. Peters. <SEP> Carla wake up he said shaking her. Its ten oclock. <SEP> You going out to mass You could take me to St. Peters. <SEP> Uhhu she muttered. Come on youll be late. <SEP> I think Ill sleep in this morning she said drowsily and as she snuggled against him he wondered if she ever went to church. Why did he want her to go to church He wondered Probably because it was a place where she might get a feeling of certainty and security. <SEP> It would be good for her. It was too bad he had no feeling himself for church. Not his poor mothers fault. <SEP> She would have been better off if she had stuck to her Bible. As for himself he just didnt have the temperament for it. <SEP> From the time he had been at college he had achieved a certain tranquility and composure by accepting the fact that there were certain things he could never know. Then he thought of those Old Testament figures on the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel. Just figures out of a tribal folklore. <SEP> He honestly believe it would be good for Carla to have those old prophets gripping her imagination now Being a woman though she would take only what she needed from church. <SEP> It was too bad he wasnt a Catholic himself. Or a Protestant or one of those amusing dogmatic atheists or a strict orthodox Communist. What was the matter with him that they all wearied him <SEP> It was the times he was sure. All the ideologies changing from day to day right under his eyes so how could a man look to any one of them for an enlargement of his freedom It was all too wearying. <SEP> Look somewhere else. But where Just the same he thought pondering over it it would be a good thing for a girl like Carla if she got up and went to church. <SEP> A half hour later he got her up to go out for breakfast so the Ferraros hearing them hurrying down the stairs would think they were going to a late mass. It seemed to him that if the Ferraros felt sure of them could place them it would help him to feel more sure of himself with Carla. <SEP> Since were having coffee with them this afternoon he said I think Ill ask the daughter if we can pay her to come in every day to clean for us. He waited for her to say Oh no I can do it Sam. <SEP> Theres so little to do. Why not She said. <SEP> Im not good at that kind of thing. This afternoon lets take an air with them. <SEP> Lets be fine superior people of great dignity he said as if he were joking. If you find it necessary Sam go ahead she said turning on the stair. <SEP> I am what I am. I cant help it. <SEP> Her words remained with him worrying him for hours. He didnt know how she would behave with other people. <SEP> When they walked into the Ferraro apartment the old lady bowing and smiling said softly. Ciao and put out her hand. Her little brown face wrinkled up her brown eyes gleamed and with her little gestures she said all the courteous things. <SEP> Agnese smiling too said ello and then more slowly I am happy. They sat down and began their little coffee party. <SEP> The Ferraros offered them biscuits with the coffee. Acting only as interpreter Carla her hands folded on her lap was utterly impersonal. <SEP> She would turn to them then turn to him then turn again. Watching her he felt like a spectator at a tennis game with the ball being bounced back and forth. <SEP> Signora Ferraro bobbing her head encouragingly asked Sam about Canada having a special interest. Carla translated. <SEP> The old woman had a nephew from North Italy a poor boy from a lumber mill who had got tired of the seasonal unemployment and who had migrated to Canada to work on the railway. For a year the boy had lived in the bush in a boxcar. <SEP> Many of Sams countrymen live in boxcars in the bush Sam ever lived in a boxcar <SEP> She wanted to know. Regretfully Sam explained that he had no experience with boxcars. <SEP> Just the same the old woman said she would write to her nephew in his boxcar and tell him she had met a nice man from his adopted country. Sam thanked her and hoped he might meet her nephew back home and asked her if she had any further news of the Pope. <SEP> A very great Pope this one the old woman explained her black eyes sparkling. An intellectual. But very mystical too. It was said that he had had a vision. <SEP> Just as thousands that day in Portugal had seen the sun dancing in the sky he had seen the same thing later in his own garden and she turned to Agnese for confirmation. Agnese had been sitting quietly listening with the serenity of the unaware. <SEP> Now a little flush came on her pale homely face and enchantment in her eyes. The Holy Father would die soon she said to Carla so she could translate for Sam although he had a brilliant doctor a man who did not need the assistance of those doctors offered by the great rulers of the world. <SEP> Yes the Pope could die and quickly be made a saint. No he was indeed a saint now. <SEP> Nodding approvingly and swelling with importance the old lady whispered confidentially. There was a certain discontent among the cardinals. <SEP> The Pope in the splendor of his great intellect had neglected them a little. There would be changes made and Signor Raymond should understand that when the Pope died it was like the end of a regime in Rome. <SEP> Jobs would be lost and new faces would become prominent. Signor Raymond understand <SEP> Indeed he did Sam said solemnly trying to get Carlas eye. Surely she could see that these women were her Italians too he thought. Devout orthodox and plain like a family she might meet in Brooklyn or Malta or Ireland. <SEP> Carlas eyes were on Agnese whose glowing face and softening eyes gave her a look of warmth and happiness. Carla watching in wonder turned to Sam. <SEP> It means so much to her. Its like a flame I guess she said in a dreamy tone.
cl06.txt:Nine steps above him Roberts had paused. <SEP> Mickey paused with him waiting no longer impatient trying now to think it out do a little planning. He looked down over the banister at the hotel desk with the telephone and pen set. <SEP> If I could call in they could check the story while we were on our way. I wouldnt have to tell them I had Roberts -- Then he heard it like a muffled thud felt a subtle change in air pressure. <SEP> He glanced up in time to see Roberts hurtling down on him from above literally flying through the air his bloody face twisted. Mickey tried to flatten against the banister gripped it with one hand but Roberts full weight struck him at that moment in the groin. <SEP> He gasped for air and the impact tore his hand from the rail. He tumbled with Roberts helpless and in agony over and over down the steps. <SEP> By a wrenching effort he managed to hunch and draw in to take the final fall on his back and shoulders rather than his head. He was fuzzy in his mind and for a moment helpless on the lobby floor but he was conscious and free of the weight of Roberts body. <SEP> When his vision cleared he saw the taller one scrambling upward reaching. Mickey was on his knees when Roberts turned on the stairs and the razor flashed in his hand. <SEP> He felt his empty pocket and knew that Roberts had retrieved the only weapon at hand. Mickeys eyes fixed on the others feet which would first betray the moment and direction of an attack. <SEP> He rose stiffly forcing his knees to lock. The knifelike pain in his groin nearly brought him down again. <SEP> He made himself back off slowly his eyes wary on Roberts who now had no more to lose than he. The pain dulled as he moved and he steadied inside. <SEP> After a moment he extended one hand the fingers curled. Come on he said. <SEP> You want to be that big a fool -- I was hoping for this. Roberts brushed at his eyes with his free hand and started down the steps. <SEP> He held the razor well out to one side. He was invulnerable to attack but he could be handled Mickey knew if he could be brought to make the first move. <SEP> They were eight feet apart when Roberts cleared the last step. Mickey waited with slack arms. <SEP> Any time Roberts he said. It be easier if I put my hands in my pockets <SEP> The taunt was lost on Roberts. He advanced slowly directly giving no hint of a feint to either side. <SEP> He was just short of arms reach when he stopped. Mickey backed off two steps forcing him to come on again. <SEP> There was a fixed grin on Roberts face made hideous by the swollen nose and the smeared blood. Mickey backed off again and Roberts hesitated then came along. <SEP> They moved in a series of rhythmic fits and starts a macabre dance -- two steps back two steps forward two steps back. Mickey felt his shoulders come up against the wall beside the heavy slab front door. <SEP> This was going to be it now any second and what he had to remember was to keep his eye on the razor no matter what even if Roberts should feint with a kick to the groin the deadly hand was his exclusive concern. The kick came sudden and vicious but short. <SEP> Mickeys guts twisted with the effort but he kept his eye on the weapon. It moved in a silver arc toward his throat then veered downward. <SEP> He hunched his left shoulder into it and slashed at Roberts forearm with his own felt the blade slide off his sleeve. Before Roberts could move inside to cut upward toward his face he slammed his right fist into Roberts belly. <SEP> Roberts sagged and slashed at him wildly. Ducking Mickey tripped and fell to one side landing heavily on the wood floor. <SEP> Then Roberts was on him gasping for breath and for a couple of seconds Mickey lost sight of the blade. He felt it rip at the side of his jacket and a momentary sting under his left ribs. <SEP> He got a knee up into Roberts belly used both hands and heaved him clear then scrambled to his feet. They were in the center of the lobby now. <SEP> Still clutching the razor Roberts came up into a crouch shaking his head. When he charged Mickey was ready. <SEP> He hit Roberts with his left fist in the ribs and the razor cut toward him feebly then wobbled in mid-air. With his right fist and nearly all his weight behind it he smashed at the bloodstained face. <SEP> Roberts careened backward his back arched fought for balance and failing stumbled against the newel post at the foot of the stairs. The sound of his head striking the solid wood was an ultimate sudden-end sound. <SEP> He fell on his side across the lowest step rolled over once then lay still. Mickey found himself leaning against the desk with stiff hands panting for breath. <SEP> After a minute he went to Roberts looked at one of his eyes and felt for a pulse. He couldnt feel any. <SEP> Roberts appeared to be dead if not yet then soon very soon. Suddenly it was cold in the lobby. <SEP> It seemed to him that a long time had passed before he decided what to do. Actually it was no more than eight or ten minutes and the sum of his reasoning came to this : Theres no way to take him in now and keep those other two -- Wister and the one who hired the two of them -- from finding out about Roberts and lamming out. <SEP> The local law here would hold me till they check clear back home and maybe more than that. They would have to. <SEP> By then they could never catch up with the others. Theres no other way Ill have to do it myself. <SEP> He looked at where Roberts lay sprawled on the step. Mickey was sure now he was dead. <SEP> One thing he thought nobody knows about it yet. Only me. He climbed the stairs went into Roberts room found a suitcase and packed as much into it as he could. <SEP> He left a few things. It didnt have to be perfect. <SEP> Roberts was a wastrel. Walking away on impulse he might logically leave behind what it was inconvenient to carry. <SEP> When he had closed the suitcase he found a rag and moved about the room wiping carefully everything he might have touched. It took him nearly an hour. <SEP> He went to the room he had rented and got into his overcoat. He left the rest of his things and returned to the lobby. <SEP> He set Roberts suitcase near the front door went outside and walked back to the garage. He was mildly surprised to find it was snowing. <SEP> It snowed softly silently an undulating interruption of his vision against the night sky. He could feel it on his face and in his hair. <SEP> He found the key to the Jeep got it started and warmed it up for five minutes. Then he backed out and swung around to the front drive. <SEP> He went into the hotel and searched till he found the razor. He put it in his own pocket for safekeeping. <SEP> He took the suitcase out to the Jeep and put it in the front seat. Then he went back for Roberts. <SEP> The body was heavier than he had anticipated. He got it onto his shoulder after some work and carried it outside and down to the Jeep. <SEP> He dumped it into the back and made sure it wouldnt roll out then returned to the porch and closed the front door making sure it was unlocked. He drove carefully in the direction of the brief tour they had taken earlier. <SEP> It snowed continuously but quietly evenly. When he reached the dip in the woods he saw that already the earlier ruts were barely discernible. <SEP> The Jeep fought its way through the low spot and got onto higher ground. He drove in low gear to the fork in the road and swung as close as possible to the entrance to the abandoned mine. <SEP> He parked facing it and left the headlights on but when he started into the tunnel with the suitcase he found the illumination extended no farther than half a dozen feet into the passage. He went back and got the flashlight returned to the tunnel and carried the suitcase to the edge of the pit he had found earlier. <SEP> He tossed the bag into the pit and watched dry dust spray up around it. When the dust settled he went back to the Jeep and carefully worked Roberts body onto his shoulder. <SEP> It wasnt like carrying the suitcase. The soft snow was deceitful underfoot. <SEP> Twice he nearly fell. Inside the passage he had to work his way over the fallen timber and nearly collapsed under his clumsy burden. <SEP> By the time he reached the edge of the pit he was panting and his shoulder and back ached under the drag of the dead weight. He stood looking down for a few seconds then backed up two or three paces from the edge. <SEP> There was too much weight casually to toss it away. He could feel himself falling in with it and being unable to get out. <SEP> It would be a bad place to die. It was a bad place for Roberts to wind up but Roberts had asked for it. <SEP> It was too late to worry about that. He knelt slowly and dumped the corpse onto the floor of the tunnel. <SEP> It was a relief to get rid of the weight. He was shaking with tension and it took him a couple of minutes to get his breath and settle down. <SEP> Then he got on his knees and rolled Roberts body toward the edge. It hung momentarily on the point of dropping off. <SEP> He gave it a strong push heard it slide then tumble dryly into the hole. He got to his feet and threw the flashlight beam into the pit. <SEP> The body lay in an awkward sprawl twelve or fifteen feet below the level of the tunnel floor. Deep enough he decided. <SEP> There was little chance anyone would enter this shaft during the winter. The external signs of his approach to it would be covered by the snow probably by the next day. <SEP> It wasnt cold enough in the tunnel to preserve the body intact. By spring it would be a skeleton. <SEP> He made his way back to the Jeep. He had started to back into the turn when he remembered the razor in his pocket. <SEP> He climbed down went back into the tunnel and tossed the razor into the pit. It landed on Roberts sprawled right thigh poised precariously then slid off to the ground. <SEP> He went back once more to the Jeep and started the short drive to the hotel. In the garage he checked the Jeep for signs of the use he had made of it. <SEP> There were stains here and there and he cleaned them off using an oiled rag he found on a nail. He wiped the steering wheel and all the places he might have touched the Jeep. <SEP> He replaced the flashlight where it had been stowed got into his own car and backed it out of the garage. There were tire marks where it had been but they were overlapped by others and on the dusty floor would not be noticeable except under close scrutiny. <SEP> Liz Peabody he thought might spend some time grieving for her lost lover but he doubted that she would launch an investigation. He judged her to be a woman of some pride though not much sense. <SEP> Still she would probably have sense enough not to call in the local sheriff to find her boy friend who apparently had run away.
cp13.txt:Night Dookiyoon moved in the direction of the womens lodge where Shades of Night had gone to purify herself. <SEP> With the blue flesh of night touching him he stood under a gentle hill caressing the flageolet with his lips making it whisper. He saw her emerge suddenly coming in her unhesitant fashion her back stiff her head erect facing with contempt the night and whatever she would encounter as if in her extreme disdain and indifference she would pass by all the outraged looks of those whom she might approach. <SEP> In her dark scornful fashion she proceeded to her destination afraid of nothing not even the evil spirits which kept her company in her time of bleeding. Seeing her come he caught his breath feeling his heart bounce in him and turned away afraid now. <SEP> Even he wanting her afraid of her and not knowing how to press his suit feared the evil presences in her metabolism more. His breath caught and trembling he closed his eyes and stumbled off. <SEP> Going he saw as often before some queer hideous yellow face over his head shining and weird like the old images which had invested him at other times like those that appear sometimes near the eyeballs when they are perhaps pressed by the thumbs. He cried out to her his back turned. <SEP> Then he fled not waiting to see if she minded him or took notice of his cry. She heard him go. <SEP> She did not hesitate and only turned slightly her neck tall as she looked in his direction and continued on her way toward the end of the camp. Elsewhere others heard and stopped and waited the women peering from their lodges then gathering in small curious clusters. <SEP> Early Spring came from her bed from beside her half-drunk husband Walitzee and stood at the entrance way to her lodge hearing the mild commotion the sound of hushed voices. Standing there she saw Shades of Night come through the trees and stop beside the lodge silent almost imperious her body taut simply standing without speaking or moving while the wife of Walitzee waited perhaps denying the dread that moved in her. <SEP> When at last she could suffer the insult no longer nor face the girls scorn she said in a voice overloud : I shall call your father Go back where you can bring no harm or I will go and get the old man from his bed so he can see your shame <SEP> the girl said only Tell him I am here that I have come. It was not Pile of Clouds she meant. <SEP> Now with real anger at last something proud and indignant Early Spring stood like a she wolf before her den and cried I will not shriek at you I will tell you to go not begging. Telling you <SEP> unsheathing the knife she used for curing hides she stepped away from the lodge holding the knife at her side. You bring only wickedness she said and it was not to a child any longer but to another woman who had come to skirt her lodge with the cunning hunger of a wild animal. <SEP> Speaking in a low voice of loathing she went up to the girl who stood with the same upright scornful bearing and did not even look at the knife. Go take helsqiyokom your evil spirit to the young boys the woman said. <SEP> They do not have to face battle. I will not let your evil in. <SEP> I will simply kill you first. Now go <SEP> The other women had come close now their voices murmuring together until they stood buzzing in an angry knot their threats mingling rising nagging at each other each trying to make her indignation and anger felt. They picked up sticks and hurled them at the girl. <SEP> The sticks fell like a shower around her and she felt them sting her flesh and send tiny points of pain along her thighs. They were all shouting at her as if she were the embodiment of the evil she brought. <SEP> She did not move taking the words and the sticks in that old defiance of her extreme youth until suddenly Pile of Clouds came howling among them swinging a great bullhide whip. Go back to your lodges He shouted. <SEP> A pack of dogs makes less noise He made the long whip sing and snap around their heads so that they ran screaming some tripping over themselves in their flight. <SEP> Early Spring seized the whip and said : If you must flog someone let it be her your daughter. Drive the demons out of her and teach her to stay away from my husband <SEP> the old man turned on her jerking the whip from her hand. Get into your hovel He spat. <SEP> Go back to that double-married man of yours who so parades his fine body among the young women. Keep him back if you must tell me what to do. <SEP> I will be the one to confront my daughter not the wife of him who leads her to sin She retreated before the naked shame in the old man and the fury beyond it and sank into the darkness of her lodge where Walitzee stirred mumbling sitting up in a half stupor to say : What worrisome thing happens <SEP> I thought I dreamed of wolves fighting. She went to him and pressed herself against his nakedness smelling the stale odor of the whisky he had stolen from TuHulHulZote. <SEP> She said There is nothing that concerns you here. Lie back and go to sleep. <SEP> Do not dream. Do not let the wicked spirits enter your brain. <SEP> He sank back sighing and was soon asleep again. Outside the old man beyond all the curses of the spirits his daughter bore went to her and twisted the gnarled talons of his fingers in her hair and turned her and pushed her rudely ahead of him into the trees where the moon sent out a thousand arms. <SEP> Shoving her against a spruce her back to him he retreated with the whip and made it whine and crack in the damp air shortening its arc until it narrowed to her flesh and the sound of it snarled and cracked settling its own cruel demons on her shoulders while she stood as unchanged as dark and motionless as ever her eyes open and staring at the pale delineaments of the bark so close to her face. She said to him her father How was I begotten in pain or joy <SEP> it for me to be forbidden the flesh you made grow on me They all know your foolish name <SEP> She stared at the pale tracings on the tree hearing her breath refracted from it her face close and touching at time the rough edges of the bark. She felt the lash bite and heard her father say in crazed monosyllables words which had no meaning like unnnt Sssshoo The sounds of an animal in rage and despair. <SEP> Suddenly the lash stopped fighting the air and she heard Pile of Clouds say in his high quavering voice : Did you follow me to see my shame Move from the line or I will settle the whip on you. <SEP> Move you hear the anger of the whips whine <SEP> Turning the girl saw Dookiyoon standing between his narrow shoulders unbent his arms hanging long and resigned. He said Let me take her blows for there are demons in me too. <SEP> Then without knowing why she found herself running from them fleeing wildly through the trees dodging her own shadows until she came to a little hollow in the rocky ground with a big stone in the center behind which she knelt and hid listening to the madness of her heart and wanting for once to cry. For a while the young men waited outside the lodge of TuHulHulZote glorying in his harsh language as he talked with himself. <SEP> He shouted like a hoarse old mastiff his hair stiff and bristling. He ranted and prophesied the doom of his enemies walking in circles in and out of his living place drinking stolen whisky in great gasping draughts until finally incoherent and sick he fell into his own oblivion. <SEP> He amused the young men who had been silent long enough. They could taste the appeasement of violence and retribution through his antics. <SEP> Now they moved rubbing their flesh alive again disdaining the gloom they saw in the faces around them. They came out and held their games and races. <SEP> It was they who held the future in their hands. They went into the sun together and paraded grandly in their war clothes painting their faces with the sacred attis dug far off in the cave of skeletons. <SEP> They danced the paxam wildly at night the war dance and dipped their arrowheads in the venom of rattlesnakes and rode their horses in swift maneuvers firing their few guns in unison at some indeterminate signal. Walitzee was among them and Sarpsis and they wore red blankets which flew like broad wings in the air of their passing. <SEP> A very young one Swan Necklace tried to emulate them and followed timidly. Yellow Wolf was there nephew of the young chief by an older brother long dead in whom also the disordered chemistries of youth worked. <SEP> He would spring bolt upright suddenly after sitting quietly with inaction because something had boiled over in his fermenting juices. All the young men Alokut among them challenged them in matched racing. <SEP> They raced and maneuvered for war swinging their horses in single file and then abreast like cavalry. At times they would ride frenziedly through the camp letting the women see their courage how handsome they were in their regalia. <SEP> Then again they would stand in circles making other preparations. They combed their hair and streaked it at the part and greased the bangs so that the hair above their foreheads stood rigid like the tails of sage hens making love. <SEP> Walitzee whitened his leggings with clay knowing the girl watched from her place in the trees. He saw himself in a superior reflection and he was as a speeding arrow from the taut bow hurtling with a mad grace his maleness shining and scented with meadow rue. <SEP> He was always aware of the womens eyes which followed him admiring him. And the suspicious envenomed eyes of Pile of Clouds. And those of Early Spring haunted and now full of hurt and envy. He felt so much like laughing even like shouting and crying out from the hilltops from which he could descend as an eagle in a mad caper from the cliffs. <SEP> He and Sarpsis planned a great parade with the young men. They would give one final testimony of their challenge to let the people see their arrogance. <SEP> They would ride with streaming amulets their colors ripening in the sun shouting the last bellicosity of a nation in the throes of death. The sun came up again and for a moment its color was the young mens blood shifting then into the full heat and outcry which ran with their hearts. <SEP> They mounted their horses and rode off into the hills. The young chief stared at the wall of his lodge listening. <SEP> The sound rose on the other side of the hills vanished and rose again and he could imagine the mad disheveled hoofs of the Appaloosas horses the white men once had called the Dogs of Hell. He saw them in fleet images as they came rolling and now burst across the ridge. <SEP> Standing then with the others peering into the sun he saw the bright multicolored legion their hair flying like dark banners only the thunder the roll of drums the mad cacophony of the hoofs accompanying them. They leaned into the wind and seemed like one thousand-legged monster hurtling and plunging until suddenly they rose straight in their saddles and in one terrifying voice shouted ejaculated their grotesque cry of war.
cf13.txt:Is confining. <SEP> The farmers life must be arranged to meet the demands of crops and livestock. Livestock must be tended every day routinely. <SEP> A slight change in the work schedule may cut the production of cows or chickens. Even if there are no livestock the farmer can not leave the farm for long periods particularly during the growing season. <SEP> The worker who lives on a farm can not change jobs readily. He can not leave the farm to take work in another locality on short notice such a move may mean a loss of capital. <SEP> Hard physical labor and undesirable hours are a part of life. The farmer must get up early and at times work late at night. <SEP> Frequently he must work long hours in the hot sun or cold rain. No matter how well work is planned bad weather or unexpected setbacks can cause extra work that must be caught up. <SEP> It may not be profitable for a part-time farmer to own the labor-saving machinery that a full-time farmer can invest in profitably. Production may fall far below expectations. <SEP> Drought hail disease and insects take their toll of crops. Sickness or loss of some of the livestock may cut into the owners earnings even into his capital. <SEP> Returns for money and labor invested may be small even in a good year. The high cost of land supplies and labor make it difficult to farm profitably on a part-time basis. <SEP> Land within commuting distance of a growing city is usually high in price higher if it has subdivision possibilities. Part-time farmers generally must pay higher prices for supplies than full-time farmers because they buy in smaller quantities. <SEP> If the farm is in an industrial area where wages are high farm labor costs will also be high. A part-time farmer needs unusual skill to get as high production per hen per cow or per acre as can be obtained by a competent full-time farmer. <SEP> It will frequently be uneconomical for him to own the most up-to-date equipment. He may have to depend upon custom service for specialized operations such as spraying or threshing and for these he may have to wait his turn. <SEP> There will be losses caused by emergencies that arise while he is away at his off-farm job. The farm may be an additional burden if the main job is lost. <SEP> This may be true whether the farm is owned or rented. If the farm is rented the rent must be paid. <SEP> If it is owned taxes must be paid and if the place is not free of mortgage there will be interest and payments on the principal to take care of. Advantages A farm provides a wholesome and healthful environment for children. <SEP> It gives them room to play and plenty of fresh air. The children can do chores adapted to their age and ability. <SEP> Caring for a calf a pig or some chickens develops in children a sense of responsibility for work. Part-time farming gives a measure of security if the regular job is lost provided the farm is owned free of debt and furnishes enough income to meet fixed expenses and minimum living costs. <SEP> For some retired persons part-time farming is a good way to supplement retirement income. It is particularly suitable for those who need to work or exercise out of doors for their health. <SEP> Generally the same level of living costs less in the country than in the city. The savings are not as great however as is sometime supposed. <SEP> Usually the cost of food and shelter will be somewhat less on the farm and the cost of transportation and utilities somewhat more. Where schools fire and police protection and similar municipal services are of equal quality in city and country real estate taxes are usually about the same. <SEP> A part-time farmer and his family can use their spare time profitably. Some persons consider the work on a farm recreational. <SEP> For some white-collar workers it is a welcome change from the regular job and a physical conditioner. Land labor and equipment needed Part-time farming can take comparatively little land labor and equipment -- or a great deal. <SEP> It depends on the kind and the scale of the farming operation. General requirements for land labor and equipment are discussed below. <SEP> Specific requirements for each of various types of enterprises are discussed on pages to. Land Three quarters to acre of good land is enough for raising fruits and vegetables for home use and for a small flock of chickens a cow and two pigs. <SEP> You could not of course raise feed for the livestock on a plot this small. If you want to raise feed or carry out some enterprise on a larger scale youll need more land. <SEP> In deciding how much land you want take into account the amount youll need to bring in the income you expect. Consider also how much you and your family can keep up along with your other work. <SEP> The cost of land and the prospects for appreciation in value may influence your decision. Some part-time farmers buy more land than they need in anticipation of suburban development. <SEP> This is a highly speculative venture. Sometimes a desired acreage is offered only as part of a larger tract. <SEP> When surplus land is not expensive to buy or to keep up it is usually better to buy it than to buy so small an acreage that the development of adjoining properties might impair the residential value of the farm. Labor If you have a year-round full-time job you cant expect to grow much more than your family uses -- unless other members of the family do a good deal of the work or you hire help. <SEP> As a rule part-time farmers hire little help. In deciding on the enterprises to be managed by family labor compare the amount of labor that can be supplied by the family with the labor needs of various enterprises listed in table. <SEP> List the number of hours the family can be expected to work each month. You may want to include your own regular vacation period if you have one. <SEP> Do not include all your spare time or all your familys spare time -- only what you are willing to use for farm work. Equipment If you are going to produce for home use only you will need only hand tools. <SEP> You will probably want to hire someone to do the plowing however. For larger plantings youll need some kind of power for plowing harrowing disking and cultivating. <SEP> If you have a planting of half an acre or more you may want to buy a small garden tractor -LRB- available for $ to $ U with attachments prices -RRB-. These tractors are not entirely satisfactory for plowing particularly on heavier soils so you may still want to hire someone to do the plowing. <SEP> Cost of power and machinery is often a serious problem to the small-scale farmer. If you are going to farm for extra cash income on a part-time basis you must keep in mind the needed machinery investments when you choose among farm enterprises. <SEP> You can keep your machinery investment down by buying good secondhand machinery by sharing the cost and upkeep of machinery with a neighbor and by hiring someone with machinery to do certain jobs. If an expensive and specialized piece of machinery is needed -- such as a spray rig a combine or a binder -- it is better to pay someone with a machine to do the work. <SEP> Selecting a farm Before you look for a farm youll need to know -LRB- -RRB- the kind and scale of farming you want to undertake and -LRB- -RRB- whether you want to buy or rent. <SEP> Information on pages to may help you in deciding on the kind and scale of your farming venture. If you are not well acquainted with the area in which you wish to locate or if you are not sure that you and your family will like and make a success of farming usually you would do better to rent a place for a year or two before you buy. <SEP> Discussed below are some of the main things to look for when you select a part-time farm. Location nearness to work. Choose a location within easy commuting distance of both the regular job and other employment opportunities. <SEP> Then if you change jobs you wont necessarily have to sell the farm. The presence of alternative job opportunities also will make the place easier to sell if that should become desirable. <SEP> Obviously the farm should be on an all-weather road. Nearness to markets. If you grow anything to sell you will need markets nearby. <SEP> If you plan to sell fresh vegetables or whole milk for example you should be close to a town or city. Kind of neighborhood. Look for a farm in a neighborhood of well-kept homes. <SEP> There are slums in the country as well as in the city. Few rural areas are protected by zoning. <SEP> A tavern filling station junk yard rendering plant or some other business may go up near enough to hurt your home or to hurt its value. Facilities in the area. Check on the schools in the area the quality of teaching and the provision for transportation to and from them. <SEP> Find out whether fire protection sewage system gas water mains and electrical lines are available in the locality. If these facilities are not at the door getting them may cost more than you expect. <SEP> You may have to provide them yourself or get along without them. You can not get along without an adequate supply of pure water. <SEP> If you are considering a part-time farm where the water must be provided by a well find out if there is a good well on the farm or the probable cost of having one drilled. A pond may provide adequate water for livestock and garden. <SEP> Pond water can be filtered for human use but most part-time farmers would not want to go to so much trouble. The following amounts of water are needed per day for livestock and domestic uses. Topography and soil <SEP> the land suited to the crops you intend to raise If you cant tell get help from your county agricultural agent or other local specialist. <SEP> Soil type drainage or degree of slope can make the difference between good crops and poor ones. Small areas that arent right for a certain crop may lie next to areas that are well suited to that crop. The house <SEP> the house on any part-time farm you are considering make a satisfactory full-time residence How much will it cost to do any necessary modernizing and redecorating <SEP> If the house is not wired adequately for electricity or if plumbing or a central heating system must be installed check into the cost of making these improvements. Buying a farm <SEP> The value of the farm to you will depend on -- Its worth as a place to live. The value of the products you can raise on it. The possibilities of selling the property later on for suburban subdivision. Decide first what the place is worth to you and your family as a home in comparison with what it would cost to live in town. <SEP> Take into account the difference in city and county taxes insurance rates utility rates and the cost of travel to work. Next estimate the value of possible earnings of the farm. <SEP> To do this set up a plan on paper for operating the farm. List the kind and quantity of things the farm can be expected to produce in an average year. <SEP> Estimate the value of the produce at normal prices. The total is the probably gross income from farming. <SEP> To find estimated net farm income subtract estimated annual farming expenditures from probable gross income from farming. Include as expenditures an allowance for depreciation of farm buildings and equipment. <SEP> Also count as an expense a charge for the labor to be contributed by the family. It may be hard to decide what this labor is worth but charge something for it. <SEP> Otherwise you may pay too much for the farm and get nothing for your labor. To figure the value of the farm in terms of investment income divide the estimated annual net farm income by the percentage that you could expect to get in interest if the money were invested in some other way.
cl21.txt:Police have dropped the case. <SEP> I want you to go to Pearson City and find out why -- first-hand stuff for your modern crime series. Take the same train Diana Beauclerk took and get there at the same time. <SEP> Go to the same hotel and occupy the same suite --. The hotel rent it so soon after the crime Why not <SEP> The police have finished with it. Besides the number of the suite hasnt been published in any newspaper. <SEP> To the hotel people youll just be an innocent tourist who happens to ask for that particular suite. Still they may not want to rent it. <SEP> Thats your headache. Once inside keep your eyes open For what <SEP> Alec was growing more and more skeptical. The police will have gone over every square inch of the place with a fine-tooth comb. <SEP> The hotel people will have scoured and vacuumed it. Ten to one its even been redecorated <SEP> Theres always a chance they may have overlooked something returned the chief. Im betting on that chance. <SEP> Interview the bellboy and chambermaid who waited on Beauclerk. Study the topography of the suite. <SEP> Soak up local color. Reenact everything Beauclerk did. <SEP> Try to imagine youre going to be murdered yourself -- between eleven p.m. And one a.m. The night you arrive. Alec smirked. Cheerful way to spend an evening <SEP> A sudden thought wiped the smirk from his face. Suppose the murderer should return to the scene of the crime <SEP> The chiefs eyes gleamed. He spoke softly. <SEP> That is exactly what Im hoping for. After all the murderer is still at large. <SEP> The key to the suite is still missing. On the train Alec refreshed his memory of the Beauclerk case by reading teletype flimsies -- spot-news stories about the crime sent out by the Pearson City Star a member of the Syndicate Press. <SEP> Diana Beauclerk was a second-rate actress living in New York. Two weeks ago she had gone west to Pearson City. <SEP> Daniel Forbes her divorced husband lived there. So did the firm of lawyers who had got her the divorce Kimball and Stacy. <SEP> She reached Pearson City at nine p.m. And went straight to the Hotel Westmore. She telephoned the junior partner of her law firm Martin Stacy and asked him to call at her hotel that evening. <SEP> At the time of her divorce Forbes had promised to pay her a lump sum in lieu of further alimony if she remarried. According to Stacy she told him she was planning to remarry and she wanted him to ask Forbes for the lump sum. <SEP> Stacy replied that it would bankrupt Forbes who had just sunk all his money in a real estate venture. Stacy said he left her suite at nine forty-five p.m. <SEP> She was in good health and spirits but still determined to get the money from Forbes. No one saw Stacy leave. <SEP> No other visitor inquired for her that evening. Next morning she was found dead in her suite with a bullet from a Colt revolver in her brain. <SEP> According to the medical examiner she was shot between eleven p.m. And one a.m. Her door was locked and the key was missing. <SEP> So was the gun. When Alec finished reading he was sure that either Forbes or Stacy had killed Diana Beauclerk. <SEP> Forbes had motive and Stacy had opportunity. Find a motive for Stacy or an opportunity for Forbes and the case would be solved. <SEP> The Hotel Westmore proved to be one of the older hotels in Pearson City and definitely second-rate. Alecs first impression of the lobby was gloomy Victorian dignity -- black walnut and red plush a black and white tiled floor and Persian rugs. <SEP> He studied the night clerk as a man measures an adversary. Id like the room I had the last time. Certainly sir. <SEP> The clerk was young and limp with a tired smile. You recall the number <SEP> It was. The clerks smile congealed. <SEP> That suite is taken. Alecs glance went to a chart of guest names and room numbers hanging on the wall behind the clerk. <SEP> Opposite the number stood one word : Unoccupied. The clerks glance followed Alecs. <SEP> We have better rooms vacant now he babbled. Larger and more comfortable. At the same rate. Alecs face was dark blunt and sulky. <SEP> He always looked impertinent and he could look dangerous. He was looking dangerous now. <SEP> He raised his voice. Anything wrong with the plumbing in <SEP> There was a sudden stillness in the lobby. Two women who had been chattering like parrots were struck dumb. <SEP> A man lighting a match for his cigar paused until the flame burned his fingers. Even the bellboys on their bench were listening. <SEP> The clerks eyes flickered. Of course not Anybody with a contagious disease been in there No <SEP> The clerk was almost hysterical. Its just that -- well is being redecorated. <SEP> I dont believe it. Alec leaned on the desk holding the clerks eyes with his. <SEP> Suppose you tell me the real reason he drawled. There might be a story in it. St-story <SEP> Im with the Syndicated Press Feature Service. I get the story -- or I get the suite. <SEP> It was blackmail and the clerk knew it. There is no story he piped tremulously. Front <SEP> Show this gentleman to The stillness persisted as Alec followed a bellboy across the lobby to the elevator. <SEP> He could feel eyes on his back. He wished it had not been necessary to announce the number of his suite quite so publicly. <SEP> The corridor on the eleventh floor was dimly lighted by electric globes at intervals of thirty feet. A thick crimson carpet muffled every footfall. <SEP> At the end of the corridor Alec noticed a door marked : Fire Stairs. It was a neat setup for murder. <SEP> The bellboy unlocked a white door numbered. The room was dark but a neon sign flashed and faded beyond the window. <SEP> A few snowflakes sifted down through that theatrical red glow languid as falling feathers. Hastily the boy switched on a ceiling light. <SEP> The room looked normal and even commonplace. There was no hint of a violent struggle now. <SEP> Deal furniture with a mahogany finish was neatly arranged as if it stood in the window of a department store. The blue rug was suspiciously bright and new. <SEP> It had never been stained with blood. Table covers and towels were clean ashtrays empty and supplied with fresh matches. <SEP> The mirror over the bureau was a blank eye round and innocent. Alec played the part of an innocent tourist. <SEP> There anything wrong with this room N-no. The boy dropped his eyes. <SEP> Afraid youll lose your job if you dont keep your mouth shut The boy raised his eyes. <SEP> Listen mister. If you want my advice pack up and take the next train back to New York. <SEP> You on duty here two weeks ago The boy hesitated. <SEP> Im not talking. I wouldnt spend a night in here for a million bucks <SEP> He was in a hurry to get out of the room. Alec gave him a tip and let him go. <SEP> Alone Alec examined the doors. There were three -- one leading to a bathroom one to the hall and one to the room next door which was immovable -- locked or bolted on the other side. <SEP> Alec locked the hall door and put the key with his watch on the bedside table. It was just quarter of nine. <SEP> As he ranged his belongings on the bureau he noticed a film of white dust on the dark surface of the wood beyond the linen cover. Not gray like the dust that collects in an unused room but white. Women didnt use white face powder nowadays he recalled. <SEP> They used pink tan or cream powder. Alec glanced into the bathroom. Blood in the bathtub where the murderer appears to have washed his hands. <SEP> It seemed clean now but Alec decided against a bath. He crawled into bed and switched off the light. <SEP> In the darkness he could see the rosy reflection of the neon sign on the wall opposite the window. It winked as steadily as a metronome -- on off -- on off. <SEP> In less than five minutes Alec was asleep. He never knew just what woke him. <SEP> Yet suddenly he was wide-awake. There was no sound and apparently no movement in the room except the noiseless pulsation of the red light on the wall. <SEP> He lay still listening to the silence watching the light. Somewhere in the city a big clock sounded twelve solemn notes -- midnight. <SEP> According to the medical examiner she was shot between eleven p.m. And one a.m. Alec heard a faint sound. <SEP> His heart seemed to swell and knock against the wall of his chest. The sound was inside the room. <SEP> He let his eyelids droop and breathed heavily feigning sleep. The sound was coming nearer. <SEP> A monstrous shadow fell across the illuminated wall distorted and indefinable. When the neon sign faded out the shadow disappeared. <SEP> When the neon sign flashed on the shadow was still there. It stretched to an impossible height climbing the wall to the ceiling. <SEP> That meant that something between the light and its reflection on the wall was moving closer to the source of the light -- in this case the window. Cautiously Alec tensed his muscles ready to jump. <SEP> The bedsprings betrayed him with a creak. The shadow vanished. <SEP> Someone had moved beyond the range of the light from the window. Abandoning caution Alec leaped out of bed and groped for the light switch. <SEP> Before he could snap it on a stinging blow caught him in the ribs. He lashed out blindly with his right. <SEP> There was a thick squashy crack of fist on flesh. Something hard grazed his knuckles. <SEP> He put everything he had into the next and aimed down where the stomach ought to be. Rough cloth rasped his fist. <SEP> There was a grunt curiously inarticulate like that of an animal in pain. Something heavy shook the floor as it dropped. <SEP> Alec waited a moment on guard. Nothing happened. <SEP> Again he groped for the light switch. The blue rug had been rolled up and stacked in one corner of the room. <SEP> On the bare floorboards a man lay face down. He had a short heavy powerful body. <SEP> Alec turned him over and discovered a round lumpy face with narrow slanting eyes -- a primitive Tartar face from Russia or the Balkans. The mans shoes were too pointed his overcoat too broad at the shoulders and too narrow at the waist. <SEP> There was a slight bulge under the left armpit -- a shoulder holster. Alec promptly removed the gun. <SEP> He was familiar with this type. He had seen it in the lineup at Police Headquarters in New York in Broadway night clubs and Seventh Avenue pool rooms in the criminal courts. <SEP> He was surprised to meet it here. Diana Beauclerk had no connection with the underworld. <SEP> A professional gunman would not have killed her with a weapon of such small caliber as a. He choose a respectable hotel as the scene for a killing when it would be so much safer to take his victim for a one-way ride on a lonely country road. <SEP> The mans eyelids fluttered. He opened his eyes. <SEP> What are you doing here Demanded Alec. The man made no reply. <SEP> His eyes were dazed. His lips were bruised and swollen where Alec had hit him. <SEP> You kill Diana Beauclerk Alec expected an indignant denial but there was no response at all. <SEP> Oh come on snap out of it Ill turn you over to the police <SEP> The silence was getting on Alecs nerves. The man opened his mouth but no words came. Only that curious animal grunting Alec had heard during their fight. <SEP> You speak English The man opened his mouth wider. <SEP> A forefinger pointed toward his gullet. Alec leaned forward to look. <SEP> There were hideous scars inside the throat and the palate was mutilated.
cr05.txt:In English has been ridiculed as much as the ambiguous use of words unless it be the ambiguous use of sentences. <SEP> Ben Franklin said Clearly spoken Mr. Fogg. You explain English by Greek. <SEP> Richard Brinsley Sheridan said I think the interpreter is the hardest to be understood of the two. A witty American journalist remarked over a century ago what is even more true today Many a writer seems to think he is never profound except when he cant understand his own meaning. <SEP> There are many types of ambiguity and many of them have been described by rhetoricians under such names as amphibology parisology and other ologies. In common parlance they would be described as misses -- misinterpreters misunderstanders misdirectors and kindred misdeeds. <SEP> One species of ambiguity tries to baffle by interweaving repetition. Did you or did you not say what I said you said because Jane said you never said what I said <SEP> Another woman addressing Christmas cards said to her husband : We sent them one last year but they didnt send us one so they probably wont send us one this year because theyll think we wont send them one because they didnt last year dont you think or shall we Such ambiguous exercises compound confusion by making it worse compounded and they are sometimes expanded until the cream of the jest sours. <SEP> Ambiguity of a non-repetitious kind describes the dilemma one girl found herself in. Im terribly upset she told a girl-friend. <SEP> I wrote Bill in my last letter to forget that I had told him that I didnt mean to reconsider my decision not to change my mind -- and he seems to have misunderstood me. Evidently Bill was another of those men who simply dont understand women. <SEP> Another case involves a newspaper reporter who tripped up a politician. Mr. Jones you may recall that we printed last week your denial of having retracted the contradiction of your original statement. <SEP> Now would you care to have us say that you were misquoted in regard to it Questions like this framed in verbal fog are perhaps the only kind that have ever stumped an experienced politician. <SEP> They recall Byrons classic comment : I wish he would explain his explanation. Similarly when a reporter once questioned Lincoln in cryptic fashion Lincoln refused to make any further statement. <SEP> I fear explanations explanatory of things explained he said leaving the biter bit -- and bitter. The obscurity of politicians may not always be as innocent as it looks. <SEP> Senator said an interviewer your constituents cant understand from your speech last night just how you stand on the question. Good Replied the Senator. <SEP> It took me five hours to write it that way. The misplaced modifier is another species more honored in the observance of obscurity than in the breach. <SEP> This creates an amusing effect because its position in a sentence seems to make it apply to the wrong word. A verse familiar to all grammarians is the quatrain : I saw a man once beat his wife When on a drunken spree. Now can you tell me who was drunk -- The man his wife or me <SEP> The wooden-leg gag of vaudeville another standby of this sort had endless variations. Theres a man outside with a wooden leg named Smith. <SEP> Whats the name of his other leg Another stock vaudeville gag ran : Mother is home sick in bed with the doctor. <SEP> When radio came in it continued the misplaced modifier in its routines as a standard device. You see that pretty girl standing next to the car with slacks on <SEP> I see the girl but I dont see the car with slacks on. In recent years gagwriters have discovered this brand of blunder and thus the misplaced modifier has acquired a new habitat in the gagline. <SEP> In one cartoon a family is shown outside a theater with the head of the family addressing the doorman : Excuse me but when we came out we found that we had left my daughters handbag and my wifes behind. Journalism supplies us with an endless run of such slips. <SEP> Not long ago a newspaper advised those taking part in a contest that snapshots must be of a person not larger than Afj inches. Classified ads are also chockfull of misrelated constructions. <SEP> Readers of the Readers Digest are familiar with such items which often appear in its lists of verbal slips like the ad in a California paper that advertised House for rent. View takes in five counties two bedrooms. Since brevity is the soul of ambiguity as well as wit newspaper headlines continually provide us with amusing samples. <SEP> Officials Meet on rubbish. Many Shapes in bathtubs. Son and Daughter of Local Couple Married. <SEP> Apart from misplaced modifiers and headlinese journalism contributes a wide variety of comic ambiguities in both editorial and advertising matter. A weekly newspaper reported a local romance : and the couple were married last Saturday thus ending a friendship which began in their schooldays. <SEP> An item in the letters column of a newspaper renewed a subscription adding : I personally enjoy your newspaper as much as my husband. Then there was the caterers ad which read : are you getting married or having an affair <SEP> We have complete facilities to accommodate people. The newspaper too is the favorite habitat of the anatomical. <SEP> This slip is so-called because its semi-ambiguous English always seems to refer to a persons anatomy but never quite means what it seems to say. Samples : He walked in upon her invitation. She kissed him passionately upon his reappearance. <SEP> He kissed her back. Without good reason has the anatomical been called jocular journalese. <SEP> In news items a man is less often shot in the body or head than in the suburbs. While Henry Morgan was escorting Miss Vera Green from the church social last Saturday night a savage dog attacked them and bit Mr. Morgan on the public square. <SEP> Such items recall the California journalist who reported an accident involving a movie star : The area in which Miss N -- was injured is spectacularly scenic. The double meaning in the anatomical made it a familiar vaudeville device as in the gags of Weber and Fields. <SEP> When a witness at court was asked if he had been kicked in the ensuing rumpus he replied No it was in the stomach. Strangely enough this always brought the house down. <SEP> Apart from journalese and vaudeville gags the anatomical is also found in jocular literature. A conscientious girl became the secretary of a doctor. <SEP> Her first day at work she was puzzled by an entry in the doctors notes on an emergency case. It read : Shot in the lumbar region. <SEP> After a moment of thought her mind cleared and in the interest of clarity she typed into the record : Shot in the woods. There are many grammatical misconstructions other than dangling modifiers and anatomicals which permit two different interpretations. <SEP> At the home of a gourmet the new maid was instructed in the fine points of serving. I want the fish served whole with head and tail the epicure explained and serve it with lemon in mouth. <SEP> The maid demurred. Thats silly -- lemon in mouth she said. <SEP> Since the gourmet insisted that it is done that way at the most fashionable dinners the girl reluctantly agreed. She brought the fish in whole and she carried a lemon in her mouth. <SEP> Another specimen of such double-entendre is illustrated by a woman in a department store. She said to the saleslady I want a dress to put on around the house. <SEP> The puzzled saleslady inquired How large is your house Madam This saleslady was a failure in the dress department and was transferred to the shoe department. <SEP> When a customer asked for alligator shoes she said What size is your alligator The comic indefinite comprises an extensive class of comedy. <SEP> One species is restricted to statements which are neither explicit nor precise regarding a particular person place time or thing. A woman met a famous author at a literary tea. <SEP> Oh Im so delighted to meet you she gushed. It was only the other day that I saw something of yours about something or other in some magazine. <SEP> This baffling lack of distinct details recalls the secretary whose employer was leaving the office and told her what to answer if anyone called in his absence. I may be back he explained and then again I may not. <SEP> The girl nodded understandingly. Yes sir she said is that definite An old-fashioned mother said to her modern daughter You must have gotten in quite late last night dear. <SEP> Where were you The daughter replied Oh I had dinner with -- well you dont know him but hes awfully nice -- and we went to a couple of places -- I dont suppose youve heard of them -- and we finished up at a cute little night club -- I forget the name of it. <SEP> Why its all right isnt it Mother Her woolly-minded parent agreed. <SEP> Of course dear she said. Its only that I like to know where you go. <SEP> No less ambiguous was the indefinity of a certain clergymans sermon. Dearly beloved he preached unless you repent of your sins in a measure and become converted to a degree you will I regret to say be damned to a more or less extent. <SEP> This clergyman should have referred to Shakespeares dictum : So-so is a good very good very excellent maxim. And yet it is not. <SEP> It is but so-so. Indefinite reference also carries double-meaning where an allusion to one person or thing seems to refer to another. <SEP> A news item described the launching of a ship : Completing the ceremony the beautiful movie star smashed a bottle of champagne over her stern as she slid gracefully down the ways into the sea. This is not unlike the order received by the sergeant of an army motor pool : Four trucks to Fort Mason gym : tonight for hauling girls to dance. <SEP> The bodies must be cleaned and seats wiped off. A politician was approached by a man seeking the office of a minor public official who had just died. <SEP> What are my chances for taking Joes place He asked. If you can fix it up with the undertaker returned the politician its all right with me. <SEP> The manager of a movie theater received a telephone call from a woman who was equally indefinite. What have you got on today She inquired. <SEP> A blue suit he answered. Whos in it She continued. <SEP> I am he said. There was a short pause for reflection. <SEP> Oh said the woman Ive seen that picture already. Another brand of indefinite reference arises out of the use of the double verb. <SEP> When a question contains two verbs the response does not make clear which of them is being answered. The moonlit night was made for romance and he had been looking at her soulfully for some time. <SEP> Finally he asked Do you object to petting Thats one thing Ive never done she said promptly. <SEP> He thought a moment then inquired You mean petted No she smiled objected. <SEP> Replies to requests for character reference are notorious for their evasive double-entendre. It would be hard to find anything more equivocal than : I can not recommend him too highly. <SEP> Another less ambiguous case read as follows : The bearer of this letter has served me for two years to his complete satisfaction. If you are thinking of giving him a berth be sure to make it a wide one. <SEP> In the comedy of indefinite reference it-wit occupies a prominent place because of its frequent occurrence. Ambiguity arises when the pronoun it carries a twofold reference. <SEP> Two friends were talking. One said When I get a cold I buy a bottle of whiskey for it and within a few hours its gone. <SEP> The speaker referred to the whiskey but his friend thought he meant the cold. It-wit is a misnomer because it covers slips as well as wit. <SEP> An excited woman was making an emergency call over the phone : Doctor please come over right away. My husband is in great pain.
cg25.txt:Change is not a change from one positive position to another but a change from order and truth to disorder and negation. <SEP> The liberal-conservative division we might observe in passing is not of itself directly involved in a private interest conflict nor even in struggle between ruling groups. Rather it is rooted in a difference of response to the threat of social disintegration. <SEP> The division is not between those who wish to preserve what they have and those who want change. Rather it is a division established by two absolutely different ways of thought with regard to mans life in society. <SEP> These ways are absolutely irreconcilable because they offer two different recipes for mans redemption from chaos. The civilizational crisis the third type of change raises the question what are we to do On the most primitive level. <SEP> The answer can not be derived from any socially cohesive element in the disrupting community. There is no socially existential answer to the question. <SEP> The truth formerly experienced by the community no longer has existential status in the community nor does any answer elaborated by philosophers or theoriticians. In this phase of change no idea has social acceptance and so none has ontological status in the community. <SEP> An interregnum ensues in which not men but ideas compete for existence. If we examine the three types of change from the point of view of their internal structure we find an additional profound difference between the third and the first two one that accounts for the notable difference between the responses they evoke. <SEP> The first two types of change occur within the inward and immanent structure of the society. The first involves a simple shift of interests in the society. <SEP> The second involves something deeper but its characteristic form focuses on a shift in policy for the community not in the truth on which the community rests. Thus in both types attention is focused on the community itself and its phenomenological life. <SEP> The third type however wrenches attention from the life of action and interests in the community and focuses it on the ground of being on which the community depends for its existence. Voegelin has analyzed this experience in the case of the stable healthy community. <SEP> There the community faced with the need to formulate policy on the level of absolute justice can find the answer to its problem in the absolute truth which it holds as partially experienced. This however can not be done by a community whose very experience of truth is confused and incoherent : it has no absolute standard and consequently can not distinguish the absolute from the contingent. <SEP> It has lost its ground of being and floats in a mist of appearances. Relativism and equality are its characteristic diseases. <SEP> Precisely at the moment when it has lost its vision the mind of the community turns out from itself in a search for the ontological standard whereby it can measure itself. Paradigmatic history breaks rather than unfolds precisely when the movement is from order to disorder and not from one order to a new order. <SEP> The liberal-conservative split to define it further derives from a basic difference concerning the existential status of standard sought and about the spiritual experience that leads to its identification. When disruptive change has penetrated to the third level of social order the process of disruption rapidly reaches a point of no return. <SEP> Indeed it is probable that this point is reached the moment the third level of change begins. At that point we reach the closed historical situation : the situation in which man is no longer free to return to a status quo ante. <SEP> At that point men become aware of the mystery of history called variously fate or destiny or providence and feel themselves caught helplessly in the writhing of a disrupted society. The reasons for this experience are rooted in the metaphysical characteristics of such a change. <SEP> Of all forms of being society or community has the greatest element of determinability. Its ontological status is itself most tenuous because apart from individual men who are its matter tradition the form of society exists only as a shared perception of truth. <SEP> The ontological status of society thus is constituted by the psychological status of societys members. The content of that psychological status determines ultimately the content of civilization. <SEP> Those social civilizational factors not rooted in the human spirit of the group ultimately cease to exist. Civilization itself -- tradition -- falls out of existence when the human spirit itself becomes confused. <SEP> Civilization is what man has made of himself. Its massive contours are rooted in the simple need of man since he is always incomplete to complete himself. <SEP> It is not enough for man to be an ontological esse. He needs existential completion he needs that is to move in the direction of completion. <SEP> The direction of that movement is determined by his perception of the truth about himself. He must consequently exist as a self-perceived substantive developing agent or he does not exist as man. <SEP> Thus it is no mystical intuition but an analyzable conception to say that man and his tradition can fall out of existence. This happens at the moment man loses the perception of moral substance in himself of a nature that in Maritains words is perceived as a locus of intelligible necessities. <SEP> An existentialist is a man who perceives himself only as esse as existence without substance. Thus human perception and human volition is the immanent cause of all social change and this most truly when the change reaches the civilizational level. <SEP> Thus with regard to the loss of tradition in the change from order to disorder the metaphysics of change works itself out as a disruption of the individual soul a change in which man continues as an objective ontological existent but no longer as a man. Further change is a form of motion it occurs as the act of a being in potency insofar as it is in potency and has not yet reached the terminus of the change. <SEP> With regard to the change we are examining the question is at what point does the change become irreversible A number of considerations suggest that this occurs early in the process. <SEP> Change involves the displacement of form. This means that the inception of change itself can begin only when the factors conducive to change have already become more powerful than those anchoring the existent form in being. <SEP> If the existent form is to be retained new factors that reinforce it must be introduced into the situation. In the case of social decay form is displaced simply by the process of dissolution with no form at the terminus of the process. <SEP> Now in the mere fact of the beginning of such displacement we have prima-facie evidence of the ontological weakness of the fading form. When we consider the tenuous hold tradition has on existence any weakening of that hold constitutes a crisis of existence. <SEP> The retention of a tradition confronted with such a crisis necessitates the introduction of new spiritual forces into the situation. However the crisis occurs precisely as a weakening of spiritual forces. <SEP> It would seem therefore that in a civilizational crisis man can not save himself. The emergence of the crisis itself would seem to constitute a warranty for the victory of disorder. <SEP> It would seem that history is a witness to this truth. As a further characterization of the liberal conservative split we may observe that it involves differences in the formula for escaping inevitabilities in history. <SEP> These differences in turn derive from prior differences concerning the friendly or hostile character of change. Unanalyzed responses anxiety and deep insecurity are the characteristic responses evoked by the crisis in tradition. <SEP> To experience them it is not necessary for a people to be actively aware of what is happening to it. The process of erosion need only undermine the tradition and a series of consequences begin unfolding within the individual while in institutions a quiet but deep transformation of processes occurs. <SEP> Within the individual the reaction has been called various names all however pointing to the same basic experience. Weil identifies it as being rootless Guardini as being placeless Riesman as being lonely. <SEP> Others call it alienation and mean by that no simple economic experience -LRB- as Marx does -RRB- but a deep spiritual sense of dislocation. Within institutions there is a marked decline of the process of persuasion and the substitution of a force-fear process which masquerades as the earlier one of persuasion. <SEP> We note the use of rhetoric as a weapon the manipulation of the masses by propaganda the mobilization of effort and resources. Within this context of spontaneous and unanalyzed responses to the experience of civilizational crisis two basic organizations of response are observable : reaction and ideological progressivism. <SEP> These responses are explicable in terms of characteristics inherent in the crisis. Both are predictably destined to fail. <SEP> The response of reaction is dominated by a concern for what is vanishing. Its essence lies in its attempt to recover previous order through the repression of disruptive forces. <SEP> To this end political authority is called upon to exercise its negative and coercive powers. The implicit assumption of this response is that history is reversible. <SEP> Seemingly order is perceived as a kind of subsistent entity now covered by adventitious accretions. The problem is to remove the accretions and thereby uncover the order that was always there. <SEP> Such a response of course misses the point that in crisis order is going out of existence. Moreover its posture of stubborn but simple resistance is doomed to failure because of the metaphysical weakness of the existent form of order once the activation of change has reached visible proportions. <SEP> The most reaction can achieve is stasis and a stasis that can be maintained only by the expenditure of an effort which ultimately exhausts itself. Despite the hopelessness of the response it is explicable in terms of the crisis of tradition itself. <SEP> Since a civilizational crisis involves also a crisis in private interests and in the ruling class reaction is normally found among those who feel themselves to be among the ruling class. Their great error is to mingle the responses typical of each of the three types of change. <SEP> Since civilizational change is the most difficult to perceive and analyze it seldom is given adequate attention. The anxiety it generates is misinterpreted as anxiety over private interest and threatened social status. <SEP> The basic truth in the reactionary response is to be found in its realistic assumption of the primacy of the real over the ideational. This truth is distorted by its extreme application : the assumption of the separate existence of tradition. <SEP> The reactionary misses the point that tradition exists ontologically only in the form of psychological-intellectual relations. Reactionary theories for this reason usually assume some form of organismic theory. <SEP> In its defensive formulations the theory will attack conscious change on the grounds of the independent existence of the community. In its dynamic form it visualizes the community as the embodiment of an ontological force -- the race for instance which unfolds in history. <SEP> In both cases the individual tends to be treated as an instrument of the organic reality. When the reactionary response is thus bolstered by an intellectual defense the characteristics of that defense are explicable only in terms of the basic attitudes of unanalyzed reaction. <SEP> Reaction is rooted in a perception of tradition as a whole. It is a total situation that is defended : the good old days. <SEP> There is no selectivity even the questionable features of the past are defended. The point is that the reactionary for whatever motive perceives himself to have been part or a partner of something that extended beyond himself something which consequently he was not able to accept or reject on the basis of subjective preference. <SEP> The reactionary is confused about the existential status of a decaying tradition but he does perceive the unity tradition had when it was healthy.
cp18.txt:Called then to say she had a baby-sitter for that night. <SEP> Shirley appreciated the chance to make some money. Such a nice little thing -- lives right in the building. Thats swell I said sweetly. <SEP> I could get along without that three dollars. In some ways it was worth being out the money -- just knowing I was no longer obligated to Nadine <SEP> It was past midnight and we were in bed when the phone rang. I stumbled through the hall wondering who would be calling at this hour. <SEP> I answered to find Nadine at the other end. You scared me half to death I said shakily. <SEP> Whats wrong Janice nobody answers at the apartment Her voice came shrill. <SEP> Im absolutely frantic That stupid girl might have gone off and left Francie <SEP> Oh she wouldnt do that I said. Shes probably fallen asleep and doesnt hear the phone. <SEP> But if youre worried you can go home and check -- I cant leave the party Were at Ken Thoms apartment and when one couple leaves early everything falls flat <SEP> Old Mr. Thom is already down on Wally and we simply cant afford to get Ken mad at us -- I was all set for what came next. Janice could you possibly go over and make sure everythings all right Ill call you there in ten minutes -- I cant make it in ten minutes -- Wondering as I said it why I should make it at all. <SEP> Why should I go over at midnight to check on Francie when her parents didnt care enough to leave a party Fifteen minutes then Please Janice. Ill be glad to pay you -- So sure that money could do anything All right I said. <SEP> Id do it. Not for the dollar or so Nadine would give me. But because there was the chance that something had gone wrong at the apartment and if I didnt go over who would Chris was sound asleep and I didnt see any sense in waking him. <SEP> I dressed in the kitchen then left a note on the table telling him what had happened. I drove off through the cool darkness to Nadines apartment and rang the bell and in a few seconds a young girl opened the door. <SEP> Her face was flushed from sleep. Its all right I said as she started to look scared. <SEP> Mrs. Roberts had called and couldnt wake you. I just came over to make sure everything was all right. <SEP> Im -- hard to wake up she faltered. She didnt look over thirteen. <SEP> Nadine insisted that her sitters be reliable I have to get up early for church tomorrow she went on. <SEP> I didnt know it was going to be this late The phone started ringing. <SEP> Thats Mrs. Roberts again I said. Ill answer it. <SEP> I crossed the beautifully furnished living room to the pale yellow phone. I told Nadine everything was fine and that Id be getting on home. <SEP> Janice would you mind staying There was a ragged edge to her voice now as if shed been crying. <SEP> Wallys drunk -- Ill get him out of here as soon as I possibly can but I dont want Shirley to see him like this. You know how gossip of that sort spreads through an apartment building -- Not a word of thanks for what Id already done. The receiver clicked in my ear. <SEP> She didnt even give me a chance to refuse. Well there wasnt any law that said I had to stay <SEP> But then I looked at Shirley and thought that I might as well -- the child needed her sleep and Heaven knew what kind of a mess it would be with Wally coming home drunk. I told her Mrs. Roberts would pay her in the morning and she scooted off to her own apartment. <SEP> After I looked in at Francie I went into the living room and waited. I must have dozed off because I came to with a start at the sound of voices. <SEP> Nadines shrill with anger -- Wallys loud and thick -- As I went to the door I heard the clock strike two. I opened the door and Wally stumbled in -- fast -- as if Nadine had pushed him. <SEP> I had always thought she was so beautiful. Now she looked ugly. <SEP> Her skin was stretched so tight that her cheekbones stuck out and if looks could kill Wally would have been dead. Pack your clothes she hissed. <SEP> Pack -- and get out Youre crazy Wally said thickly. <SEP> He lurched and stumbled to the davenport and sank down on it and was instantly asleep. Nadine strode over to him and her pointed nails raked across his face. <SEP> I grabbed her arm and she turned on me and for a scared second I thought that maybe Wally was right and she was crazy. You stay out of this she spat at me. <SEP> Hes ruined us -- do you hear me -- hes ruined us He insulted Ken Thom <SEP> Her eyes were wild. He told Ken to his face that he doesnt have what it takes to get a woman <SEP> the other people there were listening Were ruined and hes going to get out if I have to throw him down the stairs -- youd better simmer down I said nervously. <SEP> I was plenty scared. In the state she was in she could actually kill him <SEP> Now you just take it easy and Ill make you some tea -- Tea Nadine screeched. How can you be so damn stupid <SEP> Wallys lost his job Ken will never forgive him -- never <SEP> we dont have any money -- we dont have a dime All we own is Francies bedroom set and the televison-record player and we even owe on them. <SEP> Well be poor and have to live in a grubby little house like yours -- and all because of that -- I clamped my hand over her mouth to stop the stream of filth. Stop that <SEP> Youll wake up the whole building. Wally cant go any place at this hour -- Well then Ill get out -- But she looked uncertain. <SEP> She was coming to her senses enough to realize that you dont go traipsing off anywhere at two in the morning. You go to bed I said curtly. <SEP> In the morning you and Wally can talk things out -- She collapsed against me as if everything inside her snapped. I got her into bed and sat with her until she had sobbed herself out. <SEP> It was three oclock before I figured it was all right to go. I left her a limp bundle of self-pity shivering with terror because her bubble had burst around her. <SEP> Wally was snoring on the davenport. I had done all I could. <SEP> I had done all I was going to do. Whether or not Wally lost his job was no concern of mine. <SEP> I drove home found Chris still asleep. I snuggled up close to him -- loving him -- thankful for a man like him. Thankful I wasnt Nadine. <SEP> I kept on being thankful. In the afternoon Nadine and Wally came over with Francie. <SEP> Wally sat in our big chair his hands between his knees looking ready to cry. Id had all this trouble with the old man thats why I drank so much. <SEP> I -- got fired yesterday for not attending to business -- Old Mr. Thom himself had stopped at the service station for a grease job Wally confessed and couldnt get one because there were cars on the pits waiting to be repaired. Seems that the kid Wally had hired had a repair business of his own going on the side. <SEP> Mr. Thom had gotten Wally on the phone and fired him. I thought Id smooth things over through Ken Wally said miserably. <SEP> Ken got coy and wouldnt make any promises. I was plastered and I blew my stack -- And told him right to his face hed never slept with a woman <SEP> I tried to quiet Nadine because the children were there. She was beyond caring what she said. <SEP> Things may smooth over yet Chris said his nice lean face grave with honest concern. I couldnt help thinking that Nadine and Wally were getting just what they deserved. <SEP> Now maybe theyd realize that life can be tough. When A bubble breaks theres nothing. <SEP> Little by little during the week Chris and I discovered the crazy unbelievable way Nadine and Wally had lived. They had not only spent every cent -- they were in debt up to their necks owing on everything they owned. <SEP> On top of everything else they were two months behind on their apartment rent and the day Wally received written notice that he was fired they were evicted. Worst of all Wally had no training for any kind of work. <SEP> He had fallen into a soft job and now the job was gone and he was stranded. Chris fretted. <SEP> I wish we were in a position to offer a little money to tide them over. I said I wished we were too. <SEP> It was easy enough to say it because of course we couldnt spare a cent. Chris brightened up like a candle. <SEP> Im glad you feel that way honey. There is one big way we can help them. We can let them move in with us -- Something I had simply never thought of. Something so incredible -- I just stared at him. <SEP> It was incredible -- He gave me an embarrassed pleading look. I know wed be pretty crowded. <SEP> It would only be for a couple of weeks -- until they get straightened out. Straightened out -- Theyd had years of making all that money I wont do it I said flatly. <SEP> Nadine was always too good to live in a little house like this Well now she can sleep in the street for all I care <SEP> That isnt like you Janice Chris said uncomfortably. Then I felt uncomfortable too. <SEP> I didnt want to be like that mean and bitter. Darn it all why should we help a couple of spoiled snobs who had looked down their noses at us <SEP> in the end we did. It just seemed as if there was nothing else to do. <SEP> The finance company took all their furniture -- and they didnt have a cent to their name. Then Wally got sick. <SEP> To my way of thinking he was scared sick. His luck had failed him and it was easier to crawl off into bed than to get out and fight the world. <SEP> Chris made trip after trip in our old car moving the clothes and dishes and the stock of groceries Nadine had bought on special. At least well eat I thought grimly as I put all the food away. <SEP> While I worked Nadine sat and cried. When she wasnt crying she was in our bedroom fighting with Wally. <SEP> Virus infection nothing shed scream at him. Youre too lazy to go out and look for another job. <SEP> Youre just a no-good bum It was a mess all right. <SEP> But it couldnt go on forever -- A couple of weeks Chris had said. I figured I could stand practically anything for a couple of weeks. <SEP> The two weeks dragged into three and they were still with us. Nadines constant nagging had finally gotten Wally out of bed. <SEP> He set out every morning looking for work and come home around noon full of alibis and excuses. Wendell Thom had black-balled him. <SEP> Nobody would even take his application. You can get something Nadine would snap. <SEP> You can get a job working in a grocery store if nothing else. The high school kids have got everything sewed up he said a whine in his voice. Those damn punks -- taking work away from men who need it. <SEP> By fall theyll be back in school Id say trying to sound encouraging. This was only the middle of July. <SEP> I couldnt take six more weeks of this. I mentioned it to Chris one stifling hot night when I had slipped outside for a breath of fresh air.
cp19.txt:Dont really believe in intuition. <SEP> I swear to you from the moment I opened my eyes I knew it was going to be a bad day. Part of it was the weather so foggy it would take me twice as long to get to the hospital. <SEP> Part of it was being so tired -- Id not only had my usual full day yesterday but a dinner meeting as well that kept me up late. The rest of it the main part wasnt based on logic at all. <SEP> It was just going to be one of those days. For the thousandth time I wished Id chosen some nice nine-to-five five-days-a-week profession. <SEP> For the thousandth time I answered myself. I hadnt chosen medicine -- it had chosen me. <SEP> Actually I shouldnt complain I told myself in the shaving mirror. I had a lot to be thankful for. <SEP> A profession that brought me as good an income as mine wasnt to be sneezed at. Maybe I didnt see as much of Gladdy as Id like but how much worse it would have been if Id had to board her out somewhere after Alice went -- send my daughter to an orphanage or a boarding-home. <SEP> At least we were together and we had Mrs. Hodges bless her to look after us -- no mother could be fonder of Gladdy than Mrs. Hodges was. I was lucky in lots of ways no doubt about it. Especially in the way Gladdy had turned out. Growing up without a mother from the time she was three -- it wasnt a good thing for a child even knowing the kind of mother Alice had been. <SEP> I mustnt start on Alice. She is a closed book a picture I keep on my bureau but never look at. <SEP> If shed kept on as shed been going the story Id told Gladdy would probably have been true by now anyhow As usual Gladdys bright smile greeted me at the breakfast table. <SEP> Her first class wasnt until ten but she always got up to have breakfast with me. It made me feel good and knowing that shed decided all on her own to go to college right here in town made me feel good too. <SEP> Oh I knew that I couldnt give myself all the credit for her decision. I had a feeling that young Pete Michelson the most promising intern at Fairview had something to do with it too. <SEP> Shed been out with Pete the night before and her gay chatter about their date lightened my mood a little. Once I was alone again driving to the hospital the heaviness returned. <SEP> If she and Pete were really getting serious Id have to do some hard thinking. I tell him the truth about Alice <SEP> he have a right to know the secret Id kept from Gladdy all these years The boys were already waiting in the corridor outside my office when I got to Fairview. Two interns and Dick Ishii the other resident. <SEP> Im Chief of Medicine here and this morning would start like all others with me taking the boys on the rounds. Pete was down on Seven Dick told me and hed meet us there. <SEP> There wasnt anything of special interest that morning no one sicker than they should have been. Pete came to meet us when we stepped out of the elevator on Seven -- hed had a case of post-operative shock but it was all taken care of now. <SEP> Seven is a womens floor and as it happened not very busy right then. When wed finished our regular rounds Pete pointed me toward the small ward at the end of the floor. <SEP> Got a new one in last night he said. I havent seen her yet but I hear shes a lulu <SEP> I wasnt surprised. The ward was a small one four beds kept reserved for female alcoholics. <SEP> We didnt get many at Fairview and they were never pretty sights. It was thought wiser to keep them segregated from the patients in the regular charity ward. <SEP> The moment I walked in the whole miserable feeling of the day seemed to focus on the woman in the bed. Theyd cleaned her up some of course and shed pretty much slept off her drunk. <SEP> There was something about her -- and I felt my lips forming a name. Alice this womans name was Rose Bancroft <SEP> I looked at the chart for reassurance. Yes Rose Bancroft diagnosis : acute alcoholism. She looked about sixty though I recalled that the chart gave her age as forty-four. <SEP> An ugly scar disfigured the somewhat familiar puffy face already marred by the tell-tale network of broken red veins that heavy drinkers carry. Her coarse hair was two-colored -- bleached blonde and its real dirty gray. <SEP> Oh could it be No no it was an unfortunate resemblance that was all it was and I turned to Dick forcing myself to put my disquiet out of my mind. <SEP> In a low voice Dick filled us in shed been picked up downtown passed out in the doorway. Although quiet when they brought her in shed suddenly turned violent and had to be knocked out. <SEP> It was the old story. Wed keep her a day or two and the AA people would talk to her. <SEP> If she wasnt interested shed just go back to the same life shed left. Turning toward the patient again I -- I cant describe what happened to me then except to say that I felt sick. <SEP> I tell you it took every ounce of control I had to be able to speak. Now Miss -- or is it Mrs. Bancroft I never liked going straight into an examination with patients -- it relaxes them Ive always thought to chat first. <SEP> This was one time Id have gladly broken my own rule but habit was too strong. Hey Her voice was flat and dull. But those penetrating eyes -- I had to turn my head away. <SEP> It was then that I saw what the drawn-back covers revealed. There were bloodspots on the sheet. <SEP> Whats this I asked. Your period She shook her head. <SEP> I been spotting a little now and then she said quietly no emotion in her voice. You spoken to a doctor about it <SEP> Once again there was a negative shake. I told Miss Groggins to move her down the hall where we had an examining table. <SEP> Better do a Papanicolaou I told Pete. It was only a few moments before Miss Groggins had her in the proper position for a vaginal but I couldnt see anything wrong on gross examination. <SEP> Pete stood by with a slide and took the smear sent it down to the lab with a request for the test. That done I told Miss Groggins to take her patient back to bed and again put her out of my mind. <SEP> I was busy the rest of the day. Late in the afternoon I was up on Seven again. <SEP> One of my private patients was being admitted and I went in to see her settled. On my way to the elevator I ran into Pete. <SEP> Ive got the results on the Bancroft smear test he said. Theres something there all right. <SEP> Class Three they said. You want to talk to her Doctor <SEP> Well -- I didnt -- I didnt ever want to see that woman again. That was ridiculous of course. All right. <SEP> Well do a D. And C. And get her permission for a hysterectomy. Maybe its nothing maybe its intraepithelial or in situ -- cant take any chances. <SEP> If you can keep her here that long Pete said wryly. Groggins tells me shes started badgering already wants to get out. <SEP> Wants to get to her booze I guess. I grimaced in distaste. Well better see what I can do. <SEP> Wed been standing right outside Miss Bancrofts door and as I went to turn the knob to enter I was surprised to find that the door was slightly ajar. She seemed to be dozing and in any case wed been talking in low tones. <SEP> Her eyes opened as soon as she heard me though and once again I felt an inward shiver. I sure cant complain about the service in this place she said. <SEP> I just got through seeing one of you guys. What do you want <SEP> There was something almost insulting in her tone but I disregarded it. Ive just been talking to Dr. Michelson I said. <SEP> Wed like you to have a dilatation and curettage. Thats quite minor nothing to worry about. <SEP> We would like your permission to do -- that is to go further if it proves necessary. No. It was flat definite. Suppose you let me explain. <SEP> Actually I rather doubt that well have to do this. Even if we do youll be out of here in a week probably. <SEP> I was sure that was the difficulty -- she just didnt want to stay here where she couldnt get to the liquor. No. I looked at her in amazement. <SEP> Id had patients whod refused surgery before of course but never one who didnt show in one way or another the reason why. Mostly it was fear but this womans voice didnt tremble and her hands were still on the coverlet. <SEP> Will you tell me why I asked. She smiled a smile without humor. <SEP> You shouldnt tell your little secrets outside of the patients door she said. Ive got cancer havent I <SEP> She went on disregarding my protests. Im not going to be one of your guinea pigs. <SEP> Let your pupils learn on someone else Doctor. Just let me die in peace. <SEP> I stared at her almost speechless. Her little speech was totally out of character with the sort of person I thought she was. <SEP> Even her voice had taken on a more cultivated tone. This was someone whod come down in the world I thought. A long long way down. <SEP> Again there was something familiar about her something -- You havent got cancer I said as strongly as I could. I dont know what you heard that would make you think so but I assure you I dont even know myself so how can you be so sure And even if -- Dont give me a lot of talk Joe. <SEP> I gaped at her. She could have found out my first name of course -- that wouldnt be difficult. <SEP> There was that something some echo in the way she spoke. She was watching me intently a funny little half-smile on her lips. Surprised baby <SEP> Guess Ive changed havent I you havent changed much Joe. <SEP> I knew then knew with a heart-stopping shock. Alice -- I stammered through dry lips. <SEP> Alice for goodness sake -- Alice she echoed mockingly. Whats the matter Joe you scared of me <SEP> Think Im going to make you introduce a drunk as your wife Well dont worry. <SEP> Just let me outta here -- But why did you come back Id found my voice. <SEP> Where have you been all these years She shrugged. Here and there. <SEP> As for coming back here -- well Ill tell you the truth I didnt even know where I was when I came to. The last thing I remember is a bar in San Diego -- The way she spoke her flat acceptance of her alcoholic blackout made me shudder. <SEP> This was Gladdys mother I never asked you for any favors Joe she went on but Im asking one now. <SEP> Let me outta here You doctors are all alike -- all you want is to cut up people and whats the good <SEP> No I want out Joe I looked at the pathetic wreck of a woman before me. <SEP> Let her out let her out -- that would be the solution wouldnt it What shed said was true -- in all these years shed never asked for anything from me. <SEP> If I let her go shed disappear once more. Gladdy would be safe
cg23.txt:The last years of Woodrow Wilsons administration a red scare developed in our country. <SEP> Many Americans reacted irrationally to the challenge of Russia and turned to the repression of ideas by force. Postmaster General Burleson set about to protect the American people against radical propaganda that might be spread through the mails. <SEP> Attorney General Palmer made a series of raids that sent more than so-called radicals to the jails in direct violation of their constitutional rights. Then not many years later the Un-American Activities Committee under the leadership of Martin Dies pilloried hundreds of decent patriotic citizens. <SEP> Anyone who tried to remedy some of the most glaring defects in our form of democracy was denounced as a traitorous red whose real purpose was the destruction of our government. This hysteria reached its height under the leadership of Senator Joseph McCarthy. <SEP> Demagogues of this sort found communist bogeys lurking behind any new idea that would run counter to stereotyped notions. New ideas were dangerous and must be repressed no matter how. <SEP> Those who would suppress dangerous thoughts credit ideas with high potency. They give strict interpretation to William James statement that Every idea that enters the mind tends to express itself. <SEP> They seem to believe that a person will act automatically as soon as he contacts something new. Hence the only defensible procedure is to repress any and every notion unless it gives evidence that it is perfectly safe. <SEP> Despite this danger however we are informed on every hand that ideas not machines are our finest tools they are priceless even though they can not be recorded on a ledger page they are the most valuable of commodities -- and the most salable for their demand far exceeds supply. So all-important are ideas we are told that persons successful in business and happy in social life usually fall into two classes : those who invent new ideas of their own and those who borrow beg or steal from others. <SEP> Seemingly with an unrestricted flow of ideas all will be well and we are even assured that an idea a day will keep the sheriff away. That however may also bring the police if the thinking does not meet with social approval. <SEP> Criminals as well as model citizens exercise their minds. Merely having a mental image of some sort is not the all-important consideration. <SEP> Of course there must be clarity : a single distinct impression is more valuable than many fuzzy ones. Clarity is not enough. <SEP> The writer took a class of college students to the state hospital for the mentally ill in St. Joseph Missouri. An inmate a former university professor expounded to us logically and clearly that someone was pilfering his thoughts. <SEP> He appealed to us to bring his case to the attention of the authorities that justice might be done. Despite the clarity of his presentation his idea was not of Einsteinian calibre. True ideas are important perhaps lifes most precious treasures. <SEP> Have we not gone overboard in stressing their significance we not actually developed idea worship <SEP> Ideas we must have and we seek them everywhere. We scour literature for them here we find stored the wisdom of great minds. <SEP> All these works worthy of consideration they stand rigid scrutiny <SEP> Shakespeares wit and wisdom his profound insight into human nature have stood the test of centuries. Was he infallible in all things What of his treatment of the Jew in The Merchant Of Venice <SEP> Shakespeare gives us a vivid picture of Shylock but probably he never saw a Jew unless in some of his travels. The Jews had been banished from England in and were not permitted to return before when Shakespeare had been dead for thirty-nine years. <SEP> If any had escaped expulsion by hiding they certainly would not frequent the market-place. Shakespeare did not usually invent the incidents in his plays but borrowed them from old stories ballads and plays wove them together and then breathed into them his spark of life. <SEP> Rather than from a first-hand study of Jewish people his delineation of Shylock stems from a collection of Italian stories Il Pecorone published in although written almost two centuries earlier. He could learn at second hand from books but could not thus capture the real Jewish spirit. <SEP> Harris J. Griston in Shaking The Dust From Shakespeare -LRB- -RRB- writes : There is not a word spoken by Shylock which one would expect from a real Jew. He took the story of the pound of flesh and had to fasten it on someone. <SEP> The Jew was the safest victim. No Jew was on hand to boycott his financially struggling theater. <SEP> It would have been unwise policy for instance to apply the pound-of-flesh characterization to the thrifty Scotchman. Just as now anyone may hurl insults at a citizen of Mars or even of Tikopia and no senatorial investigation will result. <SEP> Who cares about them Shakespeare does not tell us that Shylock was an aberrant individual. <SEP> He sets him forth as being typical of the group. He tells of his Jewish heart -- not a Shylockian heart but a Jewish heart. <SEP> This would make anyone crafty and cruel capable of fiendish revenge. There is no justification for such misrepresentation. <SEP> If living Jews were unavailable for study the Bible was at hand. Reading the Old Testament would have shown the dramatist that the ideas attributed to Shylock were abhorrent to the Jews. <SEP> We better off for having Shakespeares idea of Shylock Studying The Merchant Of Venice in high school and college has given many young people their notions about Jews. <SEP> This help the non-Jew to understand this group Thomas De Torquemada Inquisitor-General of the Spanish Inquisition put many persons to death. <SEP> His name became synonymous with cold-blooded cruelty. We gain by keeping alive his memory and besmirching todays Roman Catholics by saying he had a Catholic heart <SEP> Let his bones and his memory rest in the fifteenth century where they belong he is out of place in our times. Shakespeares Shylock too is of dubious value in the modern world. <SEP> Ideas in and of themselves are not necessarily the greatest good. A successful businessman recently prefaced his address to a luncheon group with the statement that all economists should be sent to the hospitals for the mentally deranged where they and their theories might rot together. <SEP> His words come to be treasured and quoted through the years Frequently we are given assurance that automatically all ideas will be sifted and resifted and in the end only the good ones will survive. <SEP> That not like going to a chemistry laboratory and blindly pouring out liquids and powders from an array of bottles and then after stirring expecting a new wonder drug inevitably to result What of the efficiency of this natural instrument of free discussion there some magic in it that assures results <SEP> When Peter B. Kyne -LRB- Pride Of Palomar -RRB- informed us in that we had an instinctive dislike for the Japanese did the heated debates of the Californians settle the truth or falsity of the proposition The Leopards Spots came from the pen of Thomas Dixon in and in this he announced an unchangeable law. <SEP> If a child had a single drop of Negro blood he would revert to the ancestral line which except as slaves under a superior race had not made one step of progress in years. That doctrine has been accepted by many but has it produced good results <SEP> In the same vein a certain short-story plot has been overworked. The son and heir of a prominent family marries a girl who has tell-tale shadows on the half-moons of her finger nails. <SEP> In time she presents her aristocratic husband with a coal-black child. The world better for having this idea thrust upon it <SEP> argument and debate decide its truth or falsity For answers to such questions we must turn to the anthropologists the biologists the historians the psychologists and the sociologists. <SEP> Long ago they consigned the notions of Kyne and Dixon to the scrap heap. False ideas surfeit another sector of our life. <SEP> For several generations much fiction has appeared dealing with the steprelationship. The stepmother almost without exception has been presented as a cruel ogress. <SEP> Children conditioned by this mistaken notion have feared stepmothers while adults by their antagonistic attitudes have made the role of the substitute parents a difficult one. Debate is not likely to resolve the tensions and make the lot of the stepchild a happier one. <SEP> Research on the other hand has shown many stepmothers to be eminently successful some far better than the real mothers. Helen Deutsch informed us -LRB- The Psychology Of Women Vol. -RRB- that in all cultures the term stepmother automatically evokes deprecatory implications a conclusion accepted by many. Mere debate on that proposition even though it be free and untrammeled remove the dross and leave a residue of refined gold <SEP> That is questionable to say the least. Research into several cultures has proven her position to be a mistaken one. <SEP> Most assuredly ideas are invaluable. Ideas just for the sake of having them are not enough. <SEP> In thes cures for the depression literally flooded Washington. For a time the President received hundreds of them every day most of them worthless. <SEP> Ideas need to be tested and not merely by argument and debate. When some question arises in the medical field concerning cancer for instance we do not turn to free and open discussion as in a political campaign. <SEP> We have recourse to the scientifically-trained specialist in the laboratory. The merits of the Salk anti-polio vaccine were not established on the forensic platform or in newspaper editorials but in the laboratory and by tests in the field on thousands of children. <SEP> Our presidential campaigns provide much debate and argument. The result new barnsful of tested knowledge on the basis of which we can with confidence solve our domestic and international problems <SEP> Man we are told is endowed with reason and is capable of distinguishing good from bad. What a super-Herculean task it is to winnow anything of value from the mud-beplastered arguments used so freely particularly since such common use is made of cliches and stereotypes in themselves declarations of intellectual bankruptcy. <SEP> We are reminded however that freedom of thought and discussion the unfettered exchange of ideas is basic under our form of government. Assuredly in our political campaigns there is freedom to think to examine any and all issues and to speak without restraint. <SEP> No holds are barred. The results been heartening <SEP> we state with confidence that in such an exhibition a republic will find its greatest security We must not forget to be sure that free discussion and debate have produced beneficial results. <SEP> In truth we can say that this broke the power of Senator Joseph McCarthy who was finally exposed in full light to the American people. If he had been liquidated in some way he would have become a martyr a rallying point for people who shared his ideas. <SEP> Debate in the political arena can be productive of good. But it is a clumsy and wasteful process : it can produce negative results but not much that is positive. <SEP> Debate rid us of McCarthy but did not give us much that is positive. It did something to clear the ground but it erected no striking new structure it did not even provide the architects plan for anything new. <SEP> In the field of the natural sciences scientifically verified data are quite readily available and any discussion can be shortened with good results. In the field of the social sciences a considerable fund of tested knowledge has been accumulated that can be used to good advantage. <SEP> By no means would we discourage the production of ideas : they provide raw materials with which to work they provide stimulations that lead to further production. We would establish no censorship.
cn04.txt:Wasnt the earthquake that made him return to his village No. <SEP> Now dammit I dont want to go into any more explanations. Here comes Jason. <SEP> Keep this to yourself. Reverend Jason looking worried hurried toward us. <SEP> Anything wrong capn The men seem to think so. <SEP> Dirion found a large war party south of us. Theyll probably attack at dawn Montero said. <SEP> He brushed past the clergyman and walked into the center of the camp. Using his hands as a trumpet he shouted Fort up <SEP> Fort up Theres a large war party on their way <SEP> For a second engages cooks voyageurs appeared struck dumb. Then Little Billy began shouting orders to round up the ponies and fill the water buckets and for the cooks to hurry up with the meal. <SEP> They all flew into action. That was a terrible thing to do I said to Oso. <SEP> The Aricaras treated us like friends. Here all the time you knew the Sioux would be using our rifles on them God what a world you people live in. <SEP> Oso gave me an unruffled look. Old Knifes got the largest war party ever seen on the river he said calmly. <SEP> What would you have done in Monteros moccasins Let Old Knife come up and kill you and your people or would you steer him on someone else He shook his head. <SEP> Mr. Manuel did that in the war. Thats why the British never got the tribes to fight for the King. <SEP> Mr. Manuel whispered in the ears of the Sioux that the Cheyennes were comin to raidem for their horses. Then he went on to the Cheyennes and told them that the Sioux was goin to move up. <SEP> He did that with all the Nations. Hell they were fightin each other so hard they had no time for anyone else. <SEP> The War Department wrote Mr. Manuel a letter and said he was a hero. I saw that letter. <SEP> He carried it in a little wallet made of fish skin. But that was war I said. <SEP> Theres no war on now. Youre wrong Matt. <SEP> In this country theres a war on every time the grass turns green. First it was the Nations against themselves then it was them against the whites. <SEP> Its goin to go on like this year after year until the white people take over this land. I remember being told it would happen so fast people would think it took place overnight. <SEP> Thats why this companys important. Once we get over the mountains others will come along. <SEP> Thats why the Trust dont want us to make it. That bastard Chambers Old Knifes not the only chief hell get to do his dirty work <SEP> Before we get through hell have the Blackfeet hankerin for our hair and our goods. Well talkin aint goin to help -- lets fort up <SEP> As I dug in behind one of the bales we were using as protection I grudgingly found myself agreeing with Osos logic especially when I imagined what would have happened to Missy if Old Knifes large party of screeching warriors had overrun our company. Unlike the Sioux and the Crows the Aricaras are not great horsemen nor are they aggressive like the savage Blackfeet. <SEP> More of an agricultural nation they have relied on their warriors only for defense and for survival in the endless wars of the plains. Still I was disgusted with myself for agreeing with Monteros methods. <SEP> Surprisingly he had told the others what he had done. In the brief moment I had to talk to them before I took my post on the ring of defenses I indicated I was sickened by the methods men employed to live and trade on the river. <SEP> I think Montero did right Amy said firmly. Let the savages kill each other. <SEP> What do we care Reverend Jason was understandably bitter. <SEP> It was a terrible thing to do. Those little children. Oso replied calmly Trouble aint easy to dodge out in this country revrend. Attack <SEP> Gray Eyes attacked our camp just as the first pink threads stitched together the hills and the sky. Our camp was in the center of a wide valley. <SEP> Montero had set up a strong position using every bale and box we had in addition to barricades of logs and brush. He had ordered the ponies brought inside the fortified circle and had assigned Pierre and a band of picked engages the job of trying to keep them steady under fire. <SEP> The pony herd was the one flaw in our defense the Rees undoubtedly would try to cut down as many of the animals as possible. Wildly bucking horses would make the position difficult to defend against charging warriors. <SEP> The cooks had prepared one of the best meals wed had in a long time and on Monteros orders had baked enough bread to last the day. Buckets were filled the herd fed and watered. <SEP> The worst part had been the waiting although we didnt expect the attack before dawn the long cloudy night filled with the sounds of the industrious insects seemed endless. Coyotes and hunting wolves sounded like signaling Indian scouts the whinny of a restless pony made ones skin crawl. <SEP> Oso slept unconcernedly his rifle cradled in his arms I didnt catch a wink. Every time I closed my eyes I saw Gray Eyes rushing at me with a knife. <SEP> It was a relief when they finally came. They poured through the opening in the valley then spread out in a long line to come at us brandishing their lances and filling the morning with their spine-chilling scalp cry. <SEP> Oso Montero called Ill get Gray Eyes. Thatll be a pleasure to see the big black murmured as he stared down the barrel of his rifle. <SEP> Hold your fire Montero was shouting. Wait until my shot. <SEP> Ill shoot the first man who doesnt. I could see them in my sights. <SEP> They were about a mile off under me the ground quivered slightly. At first they were only feathers and dark indistinguishable faces and bodies hunched over their horses heads. <SEP> Gradually they emerged as men. Gray Eyes was in the lead. <SEP> His face was split by a vermilion streak his eyes were pools of white jagged red and black medicine symbols covered his chest. He was naked except for a clout. <SEP> Next to him was a young boy I was sure had sat near me at one of the trading sessions. His mouth was open his neck corded with the strain of his screams. <SEP> I found his chest in my sights. It had a red circle. <SEP> The circle came nearer and nearer. My God how long is he going to wait I thought. <SEP> Monteros rifle cracked. At first I thought he had missed. <SEP> Gray Eyes remained erect. The feathered lance was still above his head. <SEP> As he started to slump over another warrior swung him onto his horse. I squeezed the trigger. <SEP> At the last second I dropped my sights from the bare chest and bright red circle to the chest of his pony. I saw the pony fall like a stone and the young warrior flew over its head bouncing like a rubber ball. <SEP> He started to run but Osos shot caught him on the wing. He jerked once in the grass and lay still. <SEP> If youre goin to killem -- Killem Oso growled. What else he said was lost in the rattle of gunfire on all sides. <SEP> The Aricaras broke under the devastating fire wheeled and retreated. Lead up Lead up Theyll be back Montero was shouting. <SEP> Far up the valley I could see the Rees circling and reorganizing. Out in front of our walls the grass was covered with dead and dying men war shields lances blankets and wounded and dead horses. <SEP> The morning air was filled with the sweetish odor of new-spilled blood the acrid stench of frightened horses and the bitterness of burned powder. A horse screamed as it twisted from side to side in a frenzy. <SEP> A rifle cracked the square head fell over. One of the warriors suddenly leaped to his feet and began running across the valley to the trees that lined the small creek. <SEP> His legs pumped furiously his long black hair streamed out behind him. There was a ragged volley. <SEP> He was dead before he hit the ground. For Christs sake dont waste your powder on one ofem Montero shouted furiously. <SEP> Wait for the charge The charge I tell you <SEP> The sharp cries at the end of the valley were faint. They grew louder as the Indians charged again. <SEP> I could see their faces glistening with sweat and bear grease their mouths open shouting their spine-chilling cries. Gray Eyes is back Montero said. <SEP> The war captain had been badly wounded and was fighting to hold his seat. I could see the blood running down his chest. <SEP> He was riding between two warriors who held him erect when he started to slump. I forgot to aim. <SEP> In my sights I watched him looming bigger and bigger. Monteros shot had caught him high in the chest there was no doubt he was dying. <SEP> Again we waited for Montero. This time he delayed so long that some of the engages shouted frantically but they held their fire. <SEP> The horses were only several lengths away when he fired. The bullet flung Gray Eyes from his horse. <SEP> Our rolling volley swept most of the other riders from their mounts. A few reached our wall. <SEP> I heard the whir of an ax and a Canadians face burst apart in a bloody spray. I saw Little Billy rise and fire almost point blank and an Indians face became shattered flesh and bone. <SEP> A second leaped from his horse to the top of the bale firing four arrows in such rapid succession it didnt seem possible they were in flight. Men screamed. <SEP> Oso reached up jerked the buck from the bale and snapped his neck. Other Indians were running at the ponies shrilling and waving blankets. <SEP> Reverend Jason got one the Canadians the others. I saw the clergyman kneel for a moment by the twitching body of the man he had shot then run back to his position. <SEP> The ponies were almost uncontrollable. The pall of dust they raised made it difficult to see when the Aricaras charged again. <SEP> This time more of them hurdled the barrier. A small Indian dived at Montero who caught him with a swift upward stroke of his rifle butt. <SEP> It sounded like a man kicking a melon. Above me a dark rider was whipping his pony with a quirt in an attempt to hurdle the bales. <SEP> Although my shot killed his horse he rolled off the bale on top of me. I could smell woodsmoke grease and oil. <SEP> His eyes were dark fluid fearful and he gave a sigh as my knife went in. Coming over the wall he had seemed like a hideous devil. <SEP> Now under me I could see him for what he really was a boy dressed up in streaks of paint. The Aricaras made one last desperate charge. <SEP> It was pitiful to see the thin ranks of warriors old and young wheeling and twisting their ponies frantically from side to side only to be tumbled bleeding from their saddles by the relentless slam slam of the cruelly efficient Hawkinses. Others badly wounded gripped hands in manes knees in bellies held on as long as possible and then weak from ghastly wounds slipped sideways slowly almost thoughtfully to be broken under the slashing hoofs. <SEP> Some gracefully soared from the backs of their wounded screaming mounts to make one last defiant charge before the lead split their hearts or tore their guts. None of them reached our walls again. <SEP> The few survivors grudgingly turned away. In the distance we could hear the drums and the wail of the death song.
cl08.txt:-- said Mr. Skyros. <SEP> I take a little time to think it over. It was awkward : very awkward. <SEP> There would be all the nuisance of contacting someone else to take over. Someone reasonably trustworthy. Angie would hear about it. <SEP> Angie knew -- Time said Angie and he smiled very sweet and slow at Mr. Skyros. Not too much time because Ill be needing some more myself pretty much right away. <SEP> I done favors for you big favor not so long back didnt I and Im right here to take on where Pretty left off. No trouble. I dont want no trouble you dont want no trouble nobody wants trouble Mr. Skyros. <SEP> Dear heaven no thought Mr. Skyros turning away as another man came in. He straightened his tie at the mirror with a shaking hand the genial smile seemed painted on his face. <SEP> Angie knew -- Speak of dangerous information <SEP> Angie knew too much entirely already. Really he had Mr. Skyros at bay Big favor I done you. <SEP> Acourse theres this deal o Dennys -- and Jackies -- kinda hangin fire aint it maybe youve been kinda worryin over that. And cant say I blame you said Angie thoughtfully. This deal with the ace o spades. Anything to do with an ace o spades bad luck. <SEP> Ace of spades -- a widow that was what they called a widow these low-class crooks remembered Mr. Skyros distractedly. All about that Angie knew too. <SEP> When things got a little out of hand they very rapidly got a lot out of hand -- it seemed to be a general rule. All just by chance and in a way tracing back to poor Frank all of it because naturally -- brothers living together -- and Angie -- Mr. Skyros did not at all like the look on Angelos regular-featured almost girlishly good-looking face -- or indeed anything about Angelo. Mr. Skyros was not a man who thought very much about moral principles he found money much more interesting but all the same he thought now uneasily of the way in which Angelo earned his living -- and paid for his own stuff -- and eyed the soft smile and the spaniel-like dark eyes and he felt a little ill. <SEP> Look my friend he said in my life I learn how is it the proverb says better an ounce of prevention to a pound of cure. I stay in business so long because Im careful. <SEP> Two weeks a month we talk it over again and maybe if nothing happens meanwhile to say the cops know this and that then we make a little deal isnt it Thats a long while said Angie. <SEP> I tell you you want to leave it that way I dont fool around with it. I go over to Castro and get fixed up there. <SEP> I cant wait no two weeks. And Mr. Skyros didnt like Angie but what with Prettyman and three of his boys inside and not likely to come out -- And Angie such a valuable salesman Prettyman said -- All the nuisance and danger of getting in touch with practically a whole new bunch of boys -- Why did everything have to happen at once Denny said stupidly Why you aint turning Angie down are you Mr. Skyros <SEP> I mean we all figured -- I guess anybodyd figure -- Angie -- Angelo gave him an affectionate smile. <SEP> Mr. Skyros too smart a fellow want to get rid of me he said. Its O.K. Denny everythings O.K. Aint it Mr. Skyros <SEP> Oh God the name repeated over and over anybody to hear -- Not being a fool Mr. Skyros knew why. Aside from everything else it would scarcely be pleasant to have dealings with one who was nominally an underling and actually held -- you could say -- the whip hand. And all because of Domokous <SEP> Mr. Skyros had dreamed of all the trouble that young man would eventually cause -- Of course there was another factor. <SEP> Angie worth his weight in gold right now but these users they sometimes went down fast. Who knew Angie might not last long. <SEP> The sweat broke out on Mr. Skyros forehead as he realized he had been actually thinking -- hoping -- planning -- perhaps -- Good God above had not Domokous been enough He patted Angelos thin shoulder paternally. <SEP> Now you dont want to go talking that way he said. Sure sure youre the one take over for Pretty soon as I get the supply get started up again isnt it <SEP> You dont need worry Angelo. I tell you I know how it is with you my friend I sympathize and Ill make it a special point -- a special favor -- get in touch and get some stuff just for you. <SEP> I dont know if I can manage it tonight or tomorrow but Ill try my best my friend. You see you got to remember we all got schedules like any business <SEP> My man he wont be around a little while he just fixed me up with this stuff they took out of the Elite. Its awkward you see that isnt it <SEP> Well thats your business Mr. Skyros said Angie and his dreamy eyes moved past Mr. Skyros shoulder to gaze vaguely out the ground-glass window. I appreciate it you do that. Sure. <SEP> We dont none of us want no trouble. Im in a room over the Golden Club on San Pedro you just ask for me there you want see me. <SEP> Maybe I call you -- tonight About nine oclock I call and see if you got any. A couple decks for me Mr. Skyros -- and ten-twelve to sell see I like to have a little ready cash. <SEP> Oh now I dont know about that much said Mr. Skyros. You know Angelo Pretty he always keeps it a strict cash basis like they say -- <SEP> Sure said Angie. Sure Mr. Skyros. Fifty a throw that the deal Sure. I bring you the cash say five hundred for ten decks. <SEP> Never mind how much I cut it how much I get and he smiled his sleepy smile again. Standard deal Mr. Skyros. You gon have a look round for it. <SEP> I do my best said Mr. Skyros earnestly just for you my friend. This is awkward for everybody isnt it we all got to put up with inconvenience sometimes. <SEP> I do my best for you. He got out of there in a hurry brushing past another man in the door mopping his brow. The expedient thing -- yes very true one must make do as one could in some situations. <SEP> It could all be straightened out later. Not very much later but when things had settled down a little. This deal with the Bouvardier woman went through. An ace of spades. <SEP> He was not a superstitious man but he felt perhaps there was a little something in that indeed. He rather wished he had never got into the business and still -- scarcely to be resisted a nice little profit with not much work involved easy money <SEP> Katya Roslev who would be Katharine Ross so very soon now rang up her first sale of the day and counted back the change. She did not notice that the customer seized her purchase and turned away without a smile or a word of thanks. <SEP> Usually she marked the few who did thank you you didnt get that kind much in a place like this : and she played a little game with herself seeing how downright rude she could act to the others before theyd take offense threaten to call the manager. Funny how seldom they did : used to it probably. The kind who came into a cheap store like this <SEP> Grab snatch I saw that first Here Ill take this I was before her you wait on me now or I dont bother with it see <SEP> This kind of place Shed be through here just no time at all -- leave this kind of thingway behind. Off at noon and shed never come back. <SEP> Never have to. Money -- a lot of money enough. Shed be smart about it get him to give it to her in little bills sos nobody would suspect -- maybe couldnt get it until Monday account of that the banks -- But that wasnt really long to wait. Not when shed waited so long already. No need say anything at all to the old woman. <SEP> She had it all planned out how shed do. Shed say she didnt feel good on Sunday couldnt go to church -- thered be a little argument but she could be stubborn -- and when the old woman had gone quick pack the things shed need to take all but the dress shed wear Monday and take the bag down to that place in the station where you could put things in a locker overnight for a dime. <SEP> Then on Monday morning -- or it might have to be Tuesday -- get up and leave just the usual time and last thing put the money in an envelope under the old womans purse there in the drawer. She wouldnt be going to get that for an hour or so after Katya had left go do the daily shopping. No need leave a note with it either -- or maybe just something like Dont worry about me Im going away to make a better life. A better life. Escape. <SEP> It wasnt as if she wanted much. She didnt mind working hard not as if she figured to do anything wrong to live easy and soft -- all she wanted was a chance where she wasnt marked as what she was. <SEP> To be Katharine Ross and work in a nicer shop somewhere at a little more money so she could have prettier clothes and learn ladies manners and all like that and get to know different people than up to now not just the ones like her here with foreign-sounding names the ones went to the same church and -- Different place different job different people shed be all different too. Prettier shed do her hair another way smarter and wear different kinds of clothes -- shed be Katharine Ross just what that sounded like. <SEP> Youve give me the wrong change said the customer sharply. Think I cant count <SEP> Katya made up the amount in indifferent silence. She was listening to other voices out of the future. Some of those vaguely-imagined new different people. Oh Katharines awfully nice and pretty too I like Katharine -- Lets ask Katharine to go with us shes always lots of fun -- Katharine -- Soon very soon now sixteen <SEP> Mendoza didnt wake until nearly nine-thirty. It was going to be another hot day already the thermometer stood close to ninety. <SEP> Alison was still sound asleep he made fresh coffee and searched through all the desk drawers for more cigarettes before thinking of her handbag and found a crumpled stray cigarette at its bottom which tasted peculiarly of face powder. He left a note propped on the desk asking her to call him sometime today and drove home. <SEP> After hed got out fresh liver for Bast he paused to look at her crouched daintily over her dish. Surely she was just a trifle fatter around the middle <SEP> He seemed to remember reading somewhere that Abyssinians had large litters and suffered a dismaying vision of the apartment overrun with a dozen kittens. Y que sigue despues -- What then He asked her severely. <SEP> A lot of people are so peculiar that they dont like cats its not the easiest thing in the world to find good homes for kittens -- and damn it you know very well if I have them around long impossible to give them away And I suppose now that youve finally grown up if a little late youd go on producing kittens every six months or so. <SEP> Yes well its a pity to spoil your girlish figure -- which all those kittens would do anyway -- but I think when youve raised these well just have the vet fix it so there wont be any more. I wonder if the Carters would take one. <SEP> Its no good looking at me like that as she wound affectionately around his ankles.
cm02.txt:Expense and time involved are astronomical. <SEP> However we sent a third vessel out a much smaller and faster one than the first two. We have learned much about interstellar drives since a hundred years ago that is all I can tell you about them. <SEP> The third ship came back several years ago and reported That it had found a planet on which human beings could live and which was already inhabited by sentient beings Said Hal forgetting in his enthusiasm that he had not been asked to speak. <SEP> Macneff stopped pacing to stare at Hal with his pale blue eyes. How did you know He said sharply. <SEP> Forgive me Sandalphon said Hal. It was inevitable <SEP> the Forerunner predict in his Time and the World Line that such a planet would be found I believe it was on page <SEP> Macneff smiled and said I am glad that your scriptural lessons have left such an impression. How could they not Thought Hal. <SEP> Besides they were not the only impressions. I still bear scars on my back where Pornsen my gapt whipped me because I had not learned my lessons well enough. <SEP> He was a good impresser that Pornsen. Was Is As I grew older and was promoted so was he always where I was. <SEP> He was my gapt in the creche. He was the dormitory gapt when I went to college and thought I was getting away from him. <SEP> He is now my block gapt. He is the one responsible for my getting such low M. R. S. <SEP> Swiftly came the revulsion the protest. No not he for I and I alone am responsible for whatever happens to me. If I get a low M.R. I do so because I want it that way or my dark self does. <SEP> If I die I die because I willed it so. So forgive me Sigmen for the contrary-to-reality thoughts <SEP> Please pardon me again Sandalphon said Hal. The expedition find any records of the Forerunner having been on this planet Perhaps even though this is too much to wish find the Forerunner himself <SEP> No said Macneff. That does not mean that there may not be such records there. <SEP> The expedition was under orders to make a swift survey of conditions and then to return to Earth. I cant tell you now the distance in lightyears or what star this was though you can see it with the naked eye at night in this hemisphere. <SEP> If you volunteer you will be told where youre going after the ship leaves. It leaves very soon. <SEP> You need a linguist Said Hal. The ship is huge said Macneff but the number of military men and specialists we are taking limits the linguists to one. <SEP> We have considered several of your professionals because they were lamechians and above suspicion. Unfortunately Hal waited : Macneff paced some more frowning. <SEP> Then he said Unfortunately only one lamechian linguist exists and he is too old for this expedition. Therefore A thousand pardons said Hal. <SEP> I have just thought of one thing. I am married. <SEP> No problem at all said Macneff. There will be no women aboard the Gabriel. <SEP> If a man is married he will automatically be given a divorce. Hal gasped and he said A divorce <SEP> Macneff raised his hands apologetically and said You are horrified of course. From our reading of the Western Talmud we Urielites believe that the Forerunner knowing this situation would arise made reference to and provision for divorce. <SEP> Its inevitable in this case for the couple will be separated for at the least forty years. Naturally he couched the provision in obscure language. <SEP> In his great and glorious wisdom he knew that our enemies the Israelites must not be able to read therein what we planned. I volunteer said Hal. <SEP> Tell me more Sandalphon. Six months later Hal Yarrow stood in the observation dome of the Gabriel and watched the ball of Earth dwindle above him. <SEP> It was night on this hemisphere but the light blazed from the megalopolises of Australia Japan China Southeast Asia India Siberia. Hal the linguist saw the glittering discs and necklaces in terms of the languages spoken therein. <SEP> Australia the Philippine Islands Japan and northern China were inhabited by those members of the Haijac Union that spoke American. Southern China all of southeast Asia southern India and Ceylon these states of the Malay Federation spoke Bazaar. <SEP> Siberia spoke Icelandic. His mind turned the globe swiftly for him and he visualized Africa which used Swahili south of the Sahara Sea. <SEP> All around the Mediterranean Sea Asia Minor northern India and Tibet Hebrew was the native tongue. In southern Europe between the Israeli Republics and the Icelandic-speaking peoples of northern Europe was a thin but long stretch of territory called March. <SEP> This was no mans land disputed by the Haijac Union and the Israeli Republic a potential source of war for the last two hundred years. Neither nation would give up their claim on it yet neither wished to make any move that might lead to a second Apocalyptic War. <SEP> For all practical purposes it was an independent nation and by now had its own organized government -LRB- unrecognized outside its own borders -RRB-. Its citizens spoke all of the worlds surviving tongues plus a new one called Lingo a pidgin whose vocabulary was derived from the other six and whose syntax was so simple it could be contained on half a sheet of paper. <SEP> Hal saw in his mind the rest of Earth : Iceland Greenland the Caribbean Islands and the eastern half of South America. Here the peoples spoke the tongue of Iceland because that island had gotten the jump on the Hawaiian-Americans who were busy resettling North America and the western half of South America after the Apocalyptic War. <SEP> Then there was North America where American was the native speech of all except the twenty descendants of French-Canadians living on the Hudson Bay Preserve. Hal knew that when that side of Earth rotated into the night zone Sigmen City would blaze out into space. <SEP> Somewhere in that enormous light was his apartment. Mary would soon no longer be living there for she would be notified in a few days that her husband had died in an accident while on a flight to Tahiti. <SEP> She would weep in private he was sure for she loved him in her frigid way though in public she would be dry-eyed. Her friends and professional associates would sympathize with her not because she had lost a beloved husband but because she had been married to a man who thought unrealistically. <SEP> If Hal Yarrow had been killed in a crash he must have wanted it that way. There was no such thing as an accident. <SEP> Somehow all the other passengers -LRB- also supposed to have died in this web of elaborate frauds to cover up the disappearance of the personnel of the Gabriel -RRB- had simultaneously agreed to die. Therefore being in disgrace they would not be cremated and their ashes flung to the winds in public ceremony. <SEP> No the fish could eat their bodies for all the Sturch cared. Hal felt sorry for Mary he had a time keeping the tears from welling to his own eyes as he stood in the crowd in the observation dome. <SEP> He told himself this was the best way. He and Mary would no longer have to tear and rend at each other their mutual torture would be over. <SEP> Mary was free to marry again not knowing that the Sturch had secretly given her a divorce thinking that death had dissolved her marriage. She would have a year in which to make up her mind to choose a mate from a list selected by her gapt. <SEP> Perhaps the psychological barriers that had prevented her from conceiving Hals child would no longer be present. Perhaps. Hal doubted if this happy event would occur. <SEP> Mary was as frozen below the navel as he. No matter who the candidate for marriage selected by the gapt The gapt. Pornsen. He would no longer have to see that fat face hear that whining voice <SEP> Hal Yarrow Said the whining voice. Slowly feeling himself icy yet burning Hal turned. <SEP> There was the squat loose-jowled man smiling lopsidedly up at him. My beloved ward my perennial gadfly said the whining voice. <SEP> I had no idea that you too would be on this glorious voyage. I might have known <SEP> We seem to be bound by love Sigmen himself must have foreseen it. Love to you my ward. Sigmen love you too my guardian said Hal choking. How wonderful to see your cherished self. <SEP> I had thought we would never again speak to each other. The Gabriel pointed towards her destination and under one-gee acceleration began to build up towards her ultimate velocity. Percent of the speed of light. <SEP> Meanwhile all the personnel except those few needed to carry out the performance of the ship went into the suspensor. Here they would lie in suspended animation for many years. <SEP> Some time later after a check had been made of all automatic equipment the crew would join the others. They would sleep while the Gabriels drive would increase the acceleration to a point which the unfrozen bodies of the personnel could not have endured. <SEP> Upon reaching the desired speed the automatic equipment would cut off the drive and the silent but not empty vessel would hurl towards the star which was its journeys end. Many years later the photon-counting apparatus in the nose of the ship would determine that the star was close enough to actuate deceleration. <SEP> Again a force too strong for unfrozen bodies to endure would be applied. Then after slowing the vessel considerably the drive would adjust to a one-gee deceleration. <SEP> The crew would be automatically brought out of their suspended animation. These members would then unthaw the rest of the personnel. <SEP> In the half-year left before reaching their destination the men would carry out whatever preparations were needed. Hal Yarrow was among the last to go into the suspensor and among the first to come out. <SEP> He had to study the recordings of the language of the chief nation of Ozagen Siddo. From the first he faced a difficult task. <SEP> The expedition that had discovered Ozagen had succeeded in correlating two thousand Siddo words with an equal number of American words. The description of the Siddo syntax was very restricted. And as Hal found out obviously mistaken in many cases. <SEP> This discovery caused Hal anxiety. His duty was to write a school text and to teach the entire personnel of the Gabriel how to speak Ozagen. <SEP> If he used all of the little means at his disposal he would be instructing his students wrongly. Moreover even getting this across would be difficult. <SEP> For one thing the organs of speech of the Ozagen natives differed somewhat from Earthmens the sounds made by these organs were therefore dissimilar. It was true that they could be approximated but would the Ozagenians understand these approximations <SEP> Another obstacle was the grammatical construction of Siddo. Consider the tense system. <SEP> Instead of inflecting a verb or using an unattached particle to indicate the past or future Siddo used an entirely different word. Thus the masculine animate infinitive dabhumaksanigaluahai meaning to live was in the perfect tense ksuupeliafo and in the future maiteipa. <SEP> The same use of an entirely different word applied for all the other tenses. Plus the fact that Siddo not only had the normal -LRB- to Earthmen -RRB- three genders of masculine feminine and neuter but the two extra of inanimate and spiritual. Fortunately gender was inflected though the expression of it would be difficult for anybody not born in Siddo. <SEP> The system of indicating gender varied according to tense. All the other parts of speech : nouns pronouns adjectives adverbs and conjunctions operated under the same system as the verbs.
ck20.txt:Concluded by asking him to name another hour should this one be inconvenient. <SEP> The fish took the bait. He replied that he could not imagine what importance there might be in thus meeting with a stranger but -- joy of joys he would be at home at the hour mentioned. <SEP> When she called he had thought better of the matter and decided not to involve himself in a new entanglement. She was told by the manservant who opened the door that his lordship was engaged on work from which he had left strict orders he was not to be disturbed. <SEP> Claire was bitterly disappointed but determined not to let the rebuff daunt her purpose. She wrote again and now abandoning for the moment the theme of love she asked for help in the matter of her career. <SEP> She could act and she could write. His lordship was concerned in the management of Drury Lane but if there were no opportunities there would he read and criticize her novel <SEP> At last he consented to meet her and following that brief interview Claire wrote him a yet more remarkable proposal : Have you any objection to the following plan On Thursday evening we may go out of town together by some stage or mail about the distance of ten or twelve miles. <SEP> There we shall be free and unknown we can return the following morning She concluded by asking for a brief interview -- to settle with you where -- and she threw in a tribute to his gentle manners and the wild originality of your countenance. <SEP> She opened his reply with trembling fingers he agreed he would see her that evening. Victory at last <SEP> At their meeting he told her not to bother about where -- he would attend to that. There was one of the new forte-pianos in the room and as Claire rose to go he asked her to sing him one song before she left. <SEP> She sang him Scotts charming ballad Rosabelle which was the vogue of the moment. She had never sung better. <SEP> Your voice is delightful he approved with a warm smile. Tomorrow will be a new experience -- I have never before made love to a nightingale. <SEP> There have been cooing doves chattering magpies thieving jackdaws a proud peacock a silly goose and a harpy eagle -- whom I was silly enough to mate with and who is now busy tearing at my vitals. So they went he choosing of all places an inn near Medmenham Abbey scene a generation ago of the obscene orgies of the Hellfire Club. <SEP> He regaled Claire with an account of the mock mass performed by the cassocked bloods which he had had at firsthand from old Bud Dodington one of the leaders of the so-called Order. Each wore the monkish scourge at his waist but this it seems was not employed for self-flagellation. <SEP> Naked girls danced in the chancel of the Abbey the youngest and seemingly the most innocent being chosen to read a sermon filled with veiled depravities. The jaded amorist conjured up pictures of the blasphemous rites with relish. <SEP> Alas all that belonged to the age of Devil Dashwood and Wicked Wilkes abbot and beadsman of the Order The casual seduction of a seventeen-year-old bluestocking seemed tame by comparison. <SEP> They passed close by the turn to Bishopsgate. A scant half mile away Shelley and Mary were doubtless sitting on their diminutive terrace the air about them scented with stock and listening to the nightingale who had nested in the big lime tree at the foot of the garden. Charming and peaceful -- but what were charm and peace compared to high adventure Alone with the fabulous Byron <SEP> How many women had longed for the privilege that was hers. How was she to behave Claire wondered. <SEP> To be passive to be girlishly shy was palpably absurd. She was the pursuer as clearly as was Venus in Shakespeares poem. <SEP> While her Adonis did not suffer from inexperience satiety might well be an equal handicap. No she would not pretend modesty but neither must she be crudely bold. <SEP> Mystery -- that was the thing. In the bedroom she would insist on darkness. <SEP> With his club foot he might well be grateful. At the inn which was situated close to a broad weir Byron was greeted by the landlord with obsequious deference and addressed as milord. <SEP> The place was evidently a familiar haunt and Claire wondered what other illicit loves had been celebrated in the comfortable rooms to which they were shown. The fire in the sitting room was lighted. <SEP> What about the bedroom Byron inquired. Seems to me last time I was here the grate bellowed out smoke as it might have been preparing us for hell. <SEP> We found some owls had built a nest in the chimney milord but I promise you youll never have trouble of that sort again. So not only had he been here before but it seemed he might well come again. <SEP> Claire felt suddenly small and cheap heroine of a trivial episode in the voluminous history of Don Juan. A cold supper was ordered and a bottle of port. <SEP> When Napoleons ship had borne him to Elba French wines had started to cross the Channel the first shipments in a dozen war-ridden years but the supplies had not yet reached rural hostelries where the sweet wines of the Spanish peninsula still ruled. As they waited for supper they sat by the fire glasses in hand while Byron philosophized as much for his own entertainment as hers. <SEP> Sex is overpriced he said. The great Greek tragedies are concerned with man against Fate not man against man for the prize of a womans body. <SEP> So dont see yourself as a heroine or fancy this little adventure is an event of major importance. The gods seemed to think sex pretty important she rebutted. Mars and Venus Bacchus and Ariadne Jupiter and Io Byron and the nymph of the owls nest. <SEP> That would be Minerva I suppose. The owl her symbol <SEP> Byron laughed. So you know something of the classics do you <SEP> Tell me about Minerva how she behaved what she did to please you. Ill tell you nothing. <SEP> I dont ask you whot- is youre being unfaithful to husband or lover. Frankly I dont care. <SEP> For a moment she thought of answering with the truth but she knew there were men who shied away from virginity who demanded some degree of education in body as well as mind. Very well she said Ill not catechize you. <SEP> What matter the others so long as I have my place in history. She was striking the right note. <SEP> No man ever had a better opinion of himself and indeed with one so favored flattery could hardly seem overdone. Brains and beauty high position in both the social and intellectual worlds athlete fabled lover -- if ever the world was any mans oyster it was his. <SEP> The light supper over Claire went to him and slipping an arm about his shoulder sat on his knee. He drew her close and hand on cheek turned her face to his. <SEP> Her lips moist and parted spoke his name. Byron His hand went to her shoulder and pushed aside the knotted scarf that surmounted the striped poplin gown then to better purpose he took hold of the knot and with dextrous fingers untied it. <SEP> The bodice beneath was buttoned and withdrawing his lips from hers he set her upright on his knee and started to undo it unhurriedly as if she were a child. Kindled by his kiss his caressing hand her desire was aflame. <SEP> She sprang up and went swiftly to the bedroom. Lord Byron poured himself another glass of wine and held it up to the candle flame admiring the rich color. <SEP> He drank slowly with due appreciation. It was an excellent vintage. <SEP> He rose and went to the bedroom. Pausing in the doorway he said : The form of the human female unlike her mind and her spirit is the most challenging loveliness in all nature. <SEP> When Claire returned to Bishopsgate she longed to tell them she had become Byrons mistress. By odd coincidence on the evening of her return Shelley chose to read Parisina which was the latest of the titled poets successes. <SEP> As he declaimed the sonorous measures it was as much as Claire could do to restrain herself from bursting out with her dramatic tidings. Although it is not the best of which he is capable said Shelley as he closed the book it is still poetry of a high order. <SEP> If he would only leave the East said Mary. I am tired of sultans and scimitars. <SEP> The hero of his next poem is Napoleon Bonaparte said Claire with slightly overdone carelessness. How do you know that Demanded Mary. <SEP> I was told it on good authority Claire answered darkly. I mustnt tell I mustnt tell she repeated to herself. <SEP> I promised him I wouldnt. Chapter winter came and with it Marys baby -- a boy as she had wished. <SEP> William he was called in honor of the man who was at once Shelleys pensioner and his most bitter detractor. With a pardonable irony Shelley wrote to the father who had publicly disowned his daughter : Fanny and Mrs. Godwin will probably be glad to hear that Mary has safely recovered from a very favorable confinement and that her child is well. <SEP> At the same time another child -- this one of Shelleys brain -- was given to the world : Alastor a poem of pervading beauty in which the reader may gaze into the still depths of a fine minds musings. Alastor was published only to be savagely attacked contemptuously ignored. <SEP> Shelley sent a copy to Southey a former friend and another to Godwin. Neither acknowledged the gift. <SEP> Only Marys praise sustained him in his disappointment. She understood completely. <SEP> Not a thought nor a cadence was missed in her summary of appreciation. You have made the labor worth while he said to her smiling. <SEP> In the future since I write for a public of one I can save the poor publishers from wasting their money. A public of one Mary echoed reprovingly. <SEP> How can you say such a thing There will be thousands who will thrill to the loveliness of Alastor. <SEP> There are some even now. What about that dear clever Mr. Thynne I am sure he is in raptures. <SEP> Poor Mr. Thynne he always has to be trotted out for my encouragement. There are other Mr. Thynnes. <SEP> Not everyone is bewitched by Byrons caliphs and harem beauties. Marys supercritical attitude toward Byron had nothing to do with his moral disrepute. <SEP> She was resentful of his easy success as compared with Shelleys failure. The same month that Alastor was published Murray sold twenty thousand copies of The Siege Of Corinth a slovenly bit of Byronism that even Shelleys generosity rebelled at. <SEP> The lordly poet was at low-water mark. The careless writing was in keeping with his mood of savage discontent. <SEP> On all sides doors were being slammed in his face. The previous scandals gaily diverting as they were had only served to increase his popularity. <SEP> Now under the impact of his wifes disclosures he was brought suddenly to the realization that there was a limit to tolerance however brilliant however far-famed the offender might be. He tried defiance and openly flaunted his devotion to his half sister but he soon saw as did she that this course if persisted in would involve them in a common ruin. <SEP> For the moment there was no woman in his life and it was this vacuum that had given Claire her opportunity. The liaison successfully started in the last days of autumn was now languishing. <SEP> Byron since the separation from his wife had been living in a smallish house in Piccadilly Terrace. He refused to bring Claire to it even as an occasional visitor claiming that his every move was watched by spies of the Milbankes.
cr09.txt:Sirs : Let me begin by clearing up any possible misconception in your minds wherever you are. <SEP> The collective by which I address you in the title above is neither patronizing nor jocose but an exact industrial term in use among professional thieves. It is I am reliably given to understand the technical argot for those who engage in your particular branch of the boost i.e. Burglars who rob while the tenants are absent in contrast to hot-slough prowlers those who work while the occupants are home. <SEP> Since the latter obviously require an audacity you do not possess you may perhaps suppose that I am taunting you as socially inferior. Far from it I merely draw an etymological distinction hoping that specialists and busy people like you will welcome such precision in a layman. <SEP> Above all disabuse yourselves of any thought that I propose to vent moral indignation at your rifling my residence to whimper over the loss of a few objets dart or to shame you into rectitude. My object rather is to alert you to an aspect or two of the affair that could have the gravest implications for you far beyond the legal sanctions society might inflict. <SEP> You have unwittingly set in motion forces so malign so vindictive that it would be downright inhumane of me not to warn you about them. Quite candidly fellows I wouldnt be in your shoes for all the rice in China. <SEP> As youve doubtless forgotten the circumstances in the press of more recent depredations permit me to recapitulate them briefly. Sometime on Saturday evening August nd while my family and I were dining at the Hostaria dell Orso in Rome you jimmied a window of our home in Bucks County Pennsylvania and let yourselves into the premises. <SEP> Hastening to the attic the temperature of which was easily hotter than the Gold Coast you proceeded to mask the windows with a fancy wool coverlet some khaki pants and the like and to ransack the innumerable boxes and barrels stored there. What you were looking for -LRB- unless you make a hobby of collecting old tennis rackets and fly screens -RRB- eludes me but to judge from phonograph records scattered about a fumed-oak Victrola. You danced two tangos and a paso doble which must have been fairly enervating in that milieu. <SEP> You then descended one story glommed a television set from the music room -- the only constructive feature of your visit by the way -- and returning to the ground floor entered the master bedroom. From the curio cabinet on its south wall and the bureaus beneath you abstracted seventeen ivory metal wood and stone sculptures of Oriental and African origin two snuffboxes and a jade-handled magnifying glass. <SEP> Rummaging through a stack of drawers nearby you unearthed an antique French chess set in ivory and sandalwood which along with two box Kodaks you added to your haul. Then having wrapped the lot in an afghan my dog customarily slept on you lammed out the front door considerately leaving it open for neighbors to discover. So much for the tiresome facts as familiar to you Im sure as to the constables and state troopers who followed in your wake. <SEP> The foregoing aided by several clues Ill withhold to keep you on your toes will pursue you with a tenacity worthy of Inspector Javert but before they close in gird yourselves I repeat for a vengeance infinitely more pitiless. Fourteen of the sculptures you took possess properties of a most curious and terrifying nature as you will observe when your limbs begin to wither and your hair falls out in patches. <SEP> In time these minor manifestations will multiply and effloresce riddling you with frambesia the kings evil sheep rot and clonic spasm until your very existence becomes a burden and you cry out for release. All this though is simply a prelude a curtain-raiser for what ensues and I doubt whether any Occidental could accurately forecast it. <SEP> If however it would help to intensify your anguish I can delimit the powers of a few of the divinities youve affronted and describe the punishment they meted out in one analogous instance. Hold on tight. First of all the six figures of the Buddha you heisted -- four Siamese heads a black obsidian statuette in the earth-touching position and a large brass figure of the Dying Buddha on a teakwood base. <SEP> Now you probably share the widespread Western belief that the Lord Buddha is the most compassionate of the gods much more so than Jehovah and Allah and the rest. Fess up -- dont you <SEP> Well ordinarily he is except -LRB- as the Wheel of the Law specifies -RRB- toward impious folk who steal disturb or maltreat the Presence. Very peculiar retribution indeed seems to overtake such jokers. <SEP> Eight or ten years ago a couple of French hoods stole a priceless Khmer head from the Musee Guimet in Paris and a week later crawled into the Salpetriere with unmistakable symptoms of leprosy. Hells own amount of chaulmoogra oil did nothing to alleviate their torment they expired amid indescribable fantods imploring the Blessed One to forgive their desecration. <SEP> Any reputable French interne can supply you with a dozen similar instances and Ill presently recount a case out of my own personal experience but for the moment lets resume our catalogue. Whether the pair of Sudanese ivory carvings you lifted really possess the juju to turn your livers to lead as a dealer in Khartoum assured me I am not competent to say. Likewise the ivory Chinese female figure known as a doctor lady -LRB- provenance Honan -RRB- a friend of mine removing her from the curio cabinet for inspection was felled as if by a hammer but he had previously drunk a quantity of applejack. <SEP> The three Indian brass deities though -- Ganessa Siva and Krishna -- are an altogether different cup of tea. They hail from Travancore a state in the subcontinent where Kali the goddess of death is worshiped. <SEP> You ever heard of Thuggee Nuf sed. It is the wooden sculpture from Bali the one representing two men with their heads bent backward and their bodies interlaced by a fish that I particularly call to your attention. <SEP> Oddly enough this is an amulet against housebreakers presented to the mem and me by a local rajah in. Inscribed around its base is a charm in Balinese a dialect I take it you dont comprehend. <SEP> Neither do I but the Tjokorda Agoeng was good enough to translate and Ill do as much for you. Whosoever violates our rooftree the legend states can expect maximal sorrow. <SEP> The teeth will rain from his mouth like pebbles his wife will make him cocu with fishmongers and a trolley car will grow in his stomach. Furthermore -- and this to me strikes an especially warming note -- it shall avail the vandals naught to throw away or dispose of their loot. <SEP> The cycle of disaster starts the moment they touch any belonging of ours and dogs them unto the forty-fifth generation. Sort of remorseless isnt it Still there it is. <SEP> Now you no doubt regard the preceding as pap youre tooling around full of gage in your hot rods gorging yourselves on pizza and playing pinball in the taverns and generally behaving like Ubermenschen. In that case listen to what befell another wisenheimer who tangled with our joss. <SEP> A couple of years back I occupied a Village apartment whose outer staircase contained the type of niche called a coffin turn. In it was a stone Tibetan Buddha I had picked up in Bombay and occasionally to make merit my wife and I garlanded it with flowers or laid a few pennies in its lap. <SEP> After a while we became aware that the money was disappearing as fast as we replenished it. Our suspicions eventually centered by the process of elimination on a grocers boy a thoroughly bad hat who delivered cartons to the people overhead. <SEP> The more I probed into this young mans activities and character the less savory I found him. I learned for example that he made a practice of yapping at dogs he encountered and in winter of sprinkling salt on the icy pavement to scarify their feet. <SEP> His energy was prodigious sometimes he would be up before dawn clad as a garbage collector and hurling pails into areaways to exasperate us and thereafter would hurry to the Bronx Zoo to grimace at the lions and press cigar butts against their paws. Evenings he was frequently to be seen at restaurants like Enrico & Paglieris or Peters Backyard drunkenly donning ladies hats and singing O Sole Mio. <SEP> In short and to borrow an arboreal phrase slash timber. Well the odious little toad went along chivying animals and humans who couldnt retaliate and in due course as was inevitable overreached himself. <SEP> One morning we discovered not only that the pennies were missing from the idol but that a cigarette had been stubbed out in its lap. Now hes bought it said my wife contentedly. <SEP> No divinity will hold still for that. Hes really asking for it. And how right she was. <SEP> The next time we saw him he was a changed person he had aged thirty years and his face the color of tallow was crisscrossed with wrinkles as though it had been wrapped in chicken wire. Some sort of nemesis was haunting his footsteps he told us in a quavering voice -- either an ape specter or Abe Spector a process-server we couldnt determine which. His eyes had the same dreadful rigid stare as Dr. Grimesby Roylotts when he was found before his open safe wearing the speckled band. <SEP> The grocery the youth worked for soon tired of his depressing effect on customers most of whom were sufficiently neurotic without the threat of incubi and let him go. The beautiful the satisfying part of his disintegration however was the masterly way the Buddha polished him off. <SEP> Reduced to beggary he at last got a job as office boy to a television producer. His hubris deficiency of taste and sadism carried him straightaway to the top. <SEP> He evolved programs that plumbed new depths of bathos and besmirched whole networks and quickly superseded his boss. Not long ago I rode down with him in an elevator in Radio City he was talking to himself thirteen to the dozen and smoking two cigars at once clearly a man in extremis. <SEP> See that guy The operator asked pityingly. I wouldnt be in his shoes for all the rice in China. <SEP> Theres some kind of a nemesis haunting his footsteps. However one looks at it therefore Id say that your horoscope for this autumn is the reverse of rosy. <SEP> The inventory you acquired from me isnt going to be easy to move you cant very well sidle up to people on the street and ask if they want to buy a hot Bodhisattva. Additionally since youre going to be hors de combat pretty soon with sprue yaws Delhi boil the Granville wilt liver fluke bilharziasis and a host of other complications of the hex youve aroused you mustnt expect to be lionized socially. <SEP> My advice if you live long enough to continue your vocation is that the next time youre attracted by the exotic pass it up -- its nothing but a headache. You can count on me to do the same. Compassionately yours S.J. Perelman revulsion in the desert <SEP> the doors of the D train slid shut and as I dropped into a seat and exhaling looked up across the aisle the whole aviary in my head burst into song. She was a living doll and no mistake -- the blue-black bang the wide cheekbones olive-flushed that betrayed the Cherokee strain in her Midwestern lineage and the mouth whose only fault in the novelists carping phrase was that the lower lip was a trifle too voluptuous. From what I was able to gauge in a swift greedy glance the figure inside the coral-colored boucle dress was stupefying.
cp25.txt:Next interest seemed the product of his insularity. <SEP> His broad reading took him into certain by-ways of religion and the subject of religion began to fascinate him. When he was twelve he took to reading St. Augustine and Aquinas then Lao-tse Confucius Mencius Suzuki Hindu tomes by endless Krishnaists and numerous socio-archaeological papers. <SEP> For his birthday because Richard had seen them in a store and asked for them his mother bought him the Zend-Avesta and a little image of the Indian god Acala. One day on her own his mother came home with a present entitled The Book of the Dead which she suspected Richard would enjoy. <SEP> He was enormously happy with her gift and smiled then went to his room to read. At dinner one night when he was fourteen Richard announced There is only one god. <SEP> Did you think there were two Grinned his father. You dont understand Richard said gloomily. <SEP> Through quiet laughter his mother said Dont speak to your father like that Richard. Richard seldom spoke anyhow and he didnt speak to his parents about religion again. <SEP> His interest in the formal study of religion waned when he was sixteen and he substituted for it an interest in Asian affairs. Although he still didnt speak to anyone he grew fond of saying The future lies in Asia when the opportunity arose and when he graduated from high school his parents sent him to New York to give him a foundation they said for his life in Asian studies. <SEP> Richard was a solitary student in New York and acquired in his remoteness a thorough if bookish knowledge of Asian lore literature life politics and history. He was awarded a fellowship to continue his studies in Tokyo and he packed up his clothes the biwa upon which he had been practicing and his image of Acala and left to spend a week at home before leaving the country. <SEP> The week at home was not comfortable. His mother who had seen little of him for four years appeared worried about his sailing off by himself for an Orient which she herself having slight knowledge of it had to be distrusted. <SEP> She seemed to work to grow close to her son in the few days he spent at home talking to him about some of the more pleasant moments of his childhood and then trying to talk to him about those things in which he alone was interested. Do you still have The Book of the Dead She asked him and laughing she added I was nervous about buying a book with a title like that but I knew youd like it. <SEP> Yes he lied to shorten the conversation I still have it. He was no longer able to relax in the presence of his parents and found it difficult to keep up a conversation with his mother or father no matter the subject. <SEP> As for The Book of the Dead it along with his other books on religion had been incarcerated in a furnace in the basement of the building in which he had lived in New York. He had dusted each of the books carefully and carried them all to the basement and trembling at having to open the big furnace given them up to the flames. <SEP> Then he sped from the dark basement and returned to his room and cried. Richard left America with his clothes his biwa and his image of Acala and on the freighter which took him to Japan he plucked at the biwa trying to make the sounds he wrought resemble an ancient Japanese tune he had once heard. <SEP> During his second week at sea he brought the curious melody out of the instrument and suddenly wanted to force the biwa to remain at just that moment in its history when it had given him pleasure. He stole from his cabin late that night and crept out into a gusty North Pacific wind and dropped the biwa into the water. <SEP> It was so dark that he didnt see it hit the water and the noisy rush of the ocean kept him from hearing it. It was as though the biwa had been eaten up by the wind. <SEP> In Tokyo Richard took up a life similar to that which he had lived in New York except that he had replaced his biwa with a friend. An American student named Charlotte Adams had refused to take notice of his evident aversion to people and had at last succeeded in getting him to talk to her. <SEP> He had nothing much to say to her but that he said anything seemed to please her and he accompanied her on some of her unusually searching tours of Tokyo. In Charlotte Richard saw a frankness and a zest for doing things which after a fashion he envied. <SEP> In time he grew to depend upon her occasional company and she at length was able to encourage him to participate in more social activity. She convinced him that he ought to be a member of some of the small tea-drinking parties she held at her rooms and in the end he complied with her wishes although it was only rarely that he added anything to the random conversations. <SEP> At one such gathering Charlotte announced I was at Ryusenji today. You ever been to Ryusenji <SEP> No one had. Well its at Fudomae and there was a tan young man quite naked taking a shower in the pool. <SEP> I was thoroughly startled. Richard thought it a more promising remark than any made during the last conversation but Charlottes manner during the gatherings was more flippant and superficial than when she was alone with him and he was sure her remark would lead to nothing much better than the pointless words which had preceded it. <SEP> Three of the four persons present all foreign students in Tokyo had been playing a game of judging popular Japanese foods by the In and Out system an equation in which Zen philosophy was used as the modifier. Soba udon and tea were In because they could be taken noisily. <SEP> Sushi was Out because it was pretentious. Sashimi was In Samuel Burns had suggested because it was too far Out to stay Out even if it was a little pretentious. <SEP> Richard had kept his eyes down throughout the game the very sound of the chatter nearly painful to his ears. He wasnt the least bit disturbed by my watching him said Charlotte. <SEP> Did you watch him Asked a red-haired girl named Ceecee Witter. I shouldnt have been able to do that. <SEP> Well I was able to do it Charlotte said with no sign of irritation. For a minute anyhow. Im surprised no one has been there. <SEP> Ive been there a number of times. Sam I thought you knew everything about Tokyo. <SEP> Youve never been to Ryusenji Ive heard about it Samuel Burns said. <SEP> Theres a little place there called Lovers Mound dedicated to Gompachi and Komurasaki. Yes a little parkish place Charlotte said and concluded Anyhow its all very nice. <SEP> The man who brought sweet potatoes into Kanto is buried there next to a beautiful seated statue of Fudo. Oh thats what I meant to tell you. <SEP> This is the interesting part Richard she had a bothersome habit of trying to pull him into the talking. There was that fellow out there in the bitter cold -- My God it was cold today said Samuel Burns. Twenty-two or twenty-three. <SEP> And the water would be still colder Ceecee seemed to shiver at the thought of it. Your golden god said Samuel Burns probably went right home and poured himself into a boiling bath. <SEP> It would kill one of us. The point is Charlotte said there he was freezing naked in a little stream of water at Ryusenji all in worship of Fudo the god of fire. <SEP> Richards dark eyes came up and seemed for the tiniest moment to reflect sharp light. It was true Fudo the god of wisdom was also thought of as the Japanese version of Acala. <SEP> The conversation went on but Richard stopped listening. He found himself trying to remember something but he couldnt decide even the nature of what it was he worked to recall. <SEP> He had almost given up when he realized that the dropping of his biwa into the icy jowls of the black Pacific was the memory for which he had been searching. Perhaps he sensed some connection between the incident on the freighter and the ascetic at Ryusenji he was unable to put it together. <SEP> That night after leaving Charlottes apartment Richard walked about for a time before returning to his room. When he at last did go to his room he couldnt sleep and instead paced up and down before his little image of Acala thinking first of Charlottes tale of the man at Ryusenji then of his biwa and the invisible Pacific waters. <SEP> The next morning not sure of why he went he took the train to Fudomae and walked to Ryusenji. He was surprised by the sharp sensation he experienced as he approached the pool which Charlotte had mentioned. <SEP> He went through a gate to stand at the edge of the water and gazed at the two thin falls which dropped from large spigots high at the back of the pool. On the hillside above was caged what might have been an incarnation of Fudo or perhaps a demon. <SEP> The strange creature housed in wire made him shudder. The sensation he so overwhelmingly realized was one which told him he had been there before but he knew he had not and could not recall any place he had visited to be likened to the limpid green water or the little fountain-falls or the green demon imprisoned beyond his reach. <SEP> He left the pool and climbed the steep stone stairs to the temple and the sense of familiarity with the place would not leave him. Into a little well before the temple he dropped a hundred-yen coin and then he had an urge to sound the bell before the temple to take hold of the rope and crash it against the circle of bronze but the spirit he wished to call out would not he knew come in the person of the temple priest. <SEP> Instead he walked around the temple and mounted still another flight of stairs and stood before the seated Fudo at their head. The black Fudo seemed to stare rigidly back at him and Richards eyes were caught by the Fudos in fascination and then Richard was shocked as all at once flames shot out from the sharp features of Fudos face and there was a terrible metallic scraping sound as if the large statue were about to burst from some pressure within it. <SEP> Then the flames were gone the stillness fell upon the severe black face and Richard began to tremble violently. Suddenly he emptied his pockets of all his coins and dropped them into the box before the seated Fudo and hurried back down both stairways and away from the temple never looking back. <SEP> He walked all the miles back to his room. He seemed to have picked up a virus that day because the next morning he had a small cough and felt a bit hot. <SEP> He stayed home reading and refusing to think about his frightening experience at Ryusenji. The process of refusing to think about it was an active reminder in itself and he couldnt rid himself of a consciousness of it throughout the day. <SEP> The cold lingered making sleep difficult that night and he remained in bed still the next morning now unable to keep from thinking about the inexplicable sight of burning metal the wretched sound the unbearable feeling of having been to a remote Tokyo temple at some earlier time in his life. All of the elements of the experience were impossible and yet the reality of them was heavy upon him and he resolved never again to visit the temple at Fudomae.
cp09.txt:Take you with me. The two of them against the world. <SEP> That had been how she imagined it. When he began to talk and dream all at the same time making his plans as he went she had begun dreaming too. <SEP> Now the dream was over. The big waking up had happened. <SEP> What did I imagine She thought. I see him about to swing low in a chariot Or maybe poling up the south fork of the Forked Deer River braving the wastes dumped in it <SEP> Maybe I saw him on a barge with a gang of Ethiopians poling it. Ill take you with me. <SEP> He had taken her all right. Wednesday nights after youth fellowship. Out of the church and into his big car it tooling over the road with him driving and the headlights sweeping the pike ahead and after he hit college his expansiveness the quaint little pine board tourist courts cabins really with a cute naked light bulb in the ceiling -LRB- unfrosted and naked as a streetlight like the one on the corner where you used to play when you were a kid where you watched the bats swooping in after the bugs watching in between your bouts at hopscotch -RRB- a room complete with moths pinging the light and the few casual cockroaches cruising the walls an insect Highway Patrol with feelers waving. And the bed that sagged in a certain place where all the weight had been put too many times before and the walls fine and thin for overhearing talk in the next room when Gratt went out for ice the sound coming through the walls like something on the other side of the curtain so you knew they heard you when they were quiet and while you lay wondering what they had heard you listened. Gratt Shafer would be in Memphis today for the wedding rehearsal and then tomorrow he would marry just like everybody knew he would just like everybody knew all along. Like Mattie and the mayor up there gripping the microphone and Toonker Burkette back in his office yanking out teeth like they all knew he would. <SEP> Just like the balloon would go up and you could sit all day and wish it would spring a leak or blow to hell up and burn and nothing like that would happen. You could hope the parachute wouldnt open just so you could say you saw it not open not because you meant any harm to Starkey Poe in his suit of red underwear but mainly because you were tired of being an old maid -- a thing which can not admit when it thinks it might be pregnant but must stand the dizzy feeling all alone and go on like everything is all right instead of being able to say to somebody in a normal voice : I think Im pregnant. <SEP> You could wish that. You could wish your daddy would really do it -- kill Gratt Shafer like he said when you all the time all along could feel the nerve draining out of him like air out of a punctured tire when you are on a muddy road alone and it is raining and at night. <SEP> You sit in the car and listen to the air run out and listen to the rain and see the mud in front of the headlights waiting for you for your new spectator pumps waiting for you to squat by yourself out there in your tight skirt crying and afraid and trying to get that damned son-of-a-bitch tire off because that is being an old maid too if you happen to drive a car it is changing the tire yourself in the night and in the mud and the rain hating to get out in it but afraid to stay and afraid to try to walk out for help. And every sound that might be the rain also might be the man who thinks after he has raped you he has to beat your brains out with a tire tool so you wont tell a combination like ham and eggs rape her and kill her and that is being an old maid too. <SEP> It is not having his baby nestled warm and fat against your breast and it is not having somebody that really gives a damn whether some tramp cracks your skull. Most of all it is not having the only man you could love whether he drives a bread truck or delivers the mail or checks the berry crates down at the sheds or owns seventeen oil wells and six diamond mines for if you are anybody what he is or does makes no difference if he is the one. <SEP> He can even be a mild-voiced little-town guy with big-town ideas and level gray eyes and a heart even Houdini couldnt figure out how it is unlocked. He can be on the way to Memphis your Gratt Shafer can and you discover you can stay alive and hate him and love him and want him even if it means you want him -- really want him -- dead. <SEP> If you cant then nobody else can either nobody else can have him. You dont share him not even with God. <SEP> If it is love you dont. Ill take you with me. <SEP> Even if thats all the promise he ever gave or ever will give the giving of it once was enough and you believed it then and you will always believe it even when it is finally the only thing in the world you have left to believe and the whole world is telling you that one was a lie. Even when he is on the way to Memphis you will still have the promise resting inside you like a gift and it is he inside of you. <SEP> In a way the promise works out true for whether he wants you or not you go with him in your heart. You feel him every mile further away. <SEP> You feel where he is and what he sees and at night you feel when he is asleep or with the other woman the one that never could love him the way you do the one who got him because she didnt particularly give a damn whether she got him or didnt. You know you will always wonder all of your life whether it was because you wanted him so bad that you didnt get him and you can feel nearly sorry enough to cry when you think of that other guy the chump who begged you to marry him the one with the plastered hair and the car he couldnt afford and the too-shiny shoes. <SEP> You think : Did he feel that way about me It comes to you that probably he did feel that way to let you use him like you did when you couldnt have Gratt Shafer that he must have since he was there like the radio for you to turn on or snap off when you got tired of him that other guy. <SEP> It dawns on you that instead of a lump to fill the seat across the bridge table from you he was a man and that because Gratt Shafer was making you miserable you were passing it down to him to Gratt Shafers substitute that other guy. You wonder if that is why the little man lost his job and his car and stayed drunk about a year before he straightened out and moved to St. Louis where he got to be a big unhappy success. <SEP> You wonder if he looks at his wife now and thinks of you. You wonder about the Christmas card with no name on it and it comes to you that maybe it would have been better to have made somebody else happy if you couldnt be happy yourself to give somebody else the one they wanted -- to give them you. <SEP> Damn the world she thought. She looked out at the corn field the great green deep acres of it rolled out like the sea in the field beyond the whitewashed fence bordering the grounds. <SEP> The mayor envisioned factories there. Homes and factories and schools and a big wide federal highway instead of peaceful corn to rest your eyes on while you tried to rest your heart while you tried not to look at the balloon and the bandstand and the uniforms and the flash of the instruments. The bands were impatient but they were the only ones. <SEP> The others the ones in the stands were spellbound for hearing the mayor was for them like listening to a symphony was for sophisticated folks in New York City. It was like being in the concert hall in the afternoon and hearing the piano virtuoso rehearsing. <SEP> He was good and they knew that what he was doing for them he would do all over the United States some day. They stayed quiet and hung not on what he said but on how he said it not listening exactly but rather feeling. <SEP> If a man was good if he was going to be governor you felt it and you wanted him to go on forever. You were sorry when he finished talking because while he was up there you were someone else and the world was something else too. <SEP> It was a place full of courage and hope and you were part of it. You laughed and then your chest swelled and you felt you could cry for a little bit and then a feeling hit you like a chill in your stomach and the goose bumps rippled along your arm. <SEP> He hit the theme about dying to defend your country and you were ready to do it right then without a second thought. While he talked you wouldnt trade being a West Tennessee farmer for being anything else in the whole damned world no matter if it hadnt in six weeks rained enough to wet a rats ass. <SEP> She glanced at the man nodding beside her a man with weather cracks furrowed into his lean cheeks with powdery pale eyes reflecting all the droughts he had seen reflecting the sky and the drought which must follow now in August -- yes with eyes predicting the drought and here it was only June only festival time again and thoughts of Gratt Shafer would not leave her. I should have stayed at the store she thought. <SEP> Back at the Factory-to-You with the other old maids back there she was the youngest clerk and she was thirty-four which made her young enough to resent the usual ideal working conditions like the unventilated toilet with the door you had to hold shut while you sat down. There was no lock because Herman didnt allow a lock. <SEP> A lock on the toilet would encourage malingering and primping. The toilet hadnt had a sincere scrubbing in years and there were things written on the walls of the little boxed-in place because you couldnt keep the public out -- entirely. <SEP> She could not count the times Herman had rapped on the door just a couple of bangs that shook the whole damned closet and might someday break away the pipe connections from the wall. The two little bangs meant that he was getting impatient to have a crowd of customers waited on and that if he had to he would jerk open the door and drag out by the opposite door handle which she would be clutching whichever-the-hell clerk it was who thought she could waste so much store time on the pot. <SEP> The hours were six-thirty in the morning until eleven at night on Saturdays and during sales and there were no chairs and you couldnt smoke and the cooling was overhead fans and there was no porter or janitor.
cg12.txt:Like Godot he arrived before the hour. <SEP> His letter had suggested we meet at my hotel at noon on Sunday and I came into the lobby as the clock struck twelve. He was waiting. <SEP> My wish to meet Samuel Beckett had been prompted by simple curiosity and interest in his work. American newspaper reviewers like to call his plays nihilistic. <SEP> They find deep pessimism in them. Even so astute a commentator as Harold Clurman of The Nation has said that Waiting For Godot is the concentrate of the contemporary European mood of despair. <SEP> To me Becketts writing had seemed permeated with love for human beings and with a kind of humor that I could reconcile neither with despair nor with nihilism. It be that my own eyes and ears had deceived me <SEP> his a literature of defeat irrelevant to the social crises we face it relevant because it teaches us something useful to know about ourselves <SEP> I knew that a conversation with the author would not settle such questions because a man is not the same as his writing : in the last analysis the questions had to be settled by the work itself. Nevertheless I was curious. <SEP> My curiosity was sharpened a day or two before the interview by a conversation I had with a well-informed teacher of literature a Jesuit father at a conference on religious drama near Paris. When Becketts name came into the discussion the priest grew loud and told me that Beckett hates life. <SEP> That I thought is at least one thing I can find out when we meet. Becketts appearance is rough-hewn Irish. <SEP> The features of his face are distinct but not fine. They look as if they had been sculptured with an unsharpened chisel. <SEP> Unruly hair goes straight up from his forehead standing so high that the top falls gently over as if to show that it really is hair and not bristle. One might say it combines the man own pride and humility. <SEP> He has the pride that comes of self-acceptance and the humility perhaps of the same genesis not to impose himself upon another. His light blue eyes set deep within the face are actively and continually looking. <SEP> He seems by some unconscious division of labor to have given them that one function and no other leaving communication to the rest of the face. The mouth frequently breaks into a disarming smile. <SEP> The voice is light in timbre with a rough edge that corresponds to his visage. The Irish accent is as one would expect combined with slight inflections from the French. <SEP> His tweed suit was a baggy gray and green. He wore a brown knit sports shirt with no tie. <SEP> We walked down the Rue De LArcade thence along beside the Madeleine and across to a sidewalk cafe opposite that church. The conversation that ensued may have been engrossing but it could hardly be called world-shattering. <SEP> For one thing the world that Beckett sees is already shattered. His talk turns to what he calls the mess or sometimes this buzzing confusion. <SEP> I reconstruct his sentences from notes made immediately after our conversation. What appears here is shorter than what he actually said but very close to his own words. <SEP> The confusion is not my invention. We can not listen to a conversation for five minutes without being acutely aware of the confusion. <SEP> It is all around us and our only chance now is to let it in. The only chance of renovation is to open our eyes and see the mess. <SEP> It is not a mess you can make sense of. I suggested that one must let it in because it is the truth but Beckett did not take to the word truth. <SEP> What is more true than anything else To swim is true and to sink is true. <SEP> One is not more true than the other. One can not speak anymore of being one must speak only of the mess. <SEP> When Heidegger and Sartre speak of a contrast between being and existence they may be right I dont know but their language is too philosophical for me. I am not a philosopher. <SEP> One can only speak of what is in front of him and that now is simply the mess. Then he began to speak about the tension in art between the mess and form. <SEP> Until recently art has withstood the pressure of chaotic things. It has held them at bay. <SEP> It realized that to admit them was to jeopardize form. How could the mess be admitted because it appears to be the very opposite of form and therefore destructive of the very thing that art holds itself to be <SEP> now we can keep it out no longer because we have come into a time when it invades our experience at every moment. It is there and it must be allowed in. <SEP> I granted this might be so but found the result to be even more attention to form than was the case previously. And why not How I asked could chaos be admitted to chaos <SEP> that be the end of thinking and the end of art If we look at recent art we find it preoccupied with form. <SEP> Becketts own work is an example. Plays more highly formalized than Waiting For Godot Endgame and Krapps Last Tape would be hard to find. <SEP> What I am saying does not mean that there will henceforth be no form in art. It only means that there will be new form and that this form will be of such a type that it admits the chaos and does not try to say that the chaos is really something else. <SEP> The form and the chaos remain separate. The latter is not reduced to the former. <SEP> That is why the form itself becomes a preoccupation because it exists as a problem separate from the material it accommodates. To find a form that accommodates the mess that is the task of the artist now. <SEP> I responded could not similar things be said about the art of the past it not characteristic of the greatest art that it confronts us with something we can not clarify demanding that the viewer respond to it in his own never-predictable way <SEP> What is the history of criticism but the history of men attempting to make sense of the manifold elements in art that will not allow themselves to be reduced to a single philosophy or a single aesthetic theory all art ambiguous <SEP> Not this he said and gestured toward the Madeleine. The classical lines of the church which Napoleon thought of as a Temple of Glory dominated all the scene where we sat. <SEP> The Boulevard De La Madeleine the Boulevard Malesherbes and the Rue Royale ran to it with graceful flattery bearing tidings of the Age of Reason. Not this. This is clear. <SEP> This does not allow the mystery to invade us. With classical art all is settled. <SEP> It is different at Chartres. There is the unexplainable and there art raises questions that it does not attempt to answer. <SEP> I asked about the battle between life and death in his plays. Didi and Gogo hover on the edge of suicide Hamms world is death and Clov may or may not get out of it to join the living child outside. <SEP> This life-death question a part of the chaos Yes. If life and death did not both present themselves to us there would be no inscrutability. <SEP> If there were only darkness all would be clear. It is because there is not only darkness but also light that our situation becomes inexplicable. <SEP> Take Augustines doctrine of grace given and grace withheld : have you pondered the dramatic qualities in this theology Two thieves are crucified with Christ one saved and the other damned. <SEP> How can we make sense of this division In classical drama such problems do not arise. <SEP> The destiny of Racines Phedre is sealed from the beginning : she will proceed into the dark. As she goes she herself will be illuminated. <SEP> At the beginning of the play she has partial illumination and at the end she has complete illumination but there has been no question but that she moves toward the dark. That is the play. <SEP> Within this notion clarity is possible but for us who are neither Greek nor Jansenist there is not such clarity. The question would also be removed if we believed in the contrary -- total salvation. <SEP> Where we have both dark and light we have also the inexplicable. The key word in my plays is perhaps. <SEP> Given a theological lead I asked what he thinks about those who find a religious significance to his plays. Well really there is none at all. <SEP> I have no religious feeling. Once I had a religious emotion. <SEP> It was at my first Communion. No more. My mother was deeply religious. <SEP> So was my brother. He knelt down at his bed as long as he could kneel. <SEP> My father had none. The family was Protestant but for me it was only irksome and I let it go. <SEP> My brother and mother got no value from their religion when they died. At the moment of crisis it had no more depth than an old school tie. <SEP> Irish Catholicism is not attractive but it is deeper. When you pass a church on an Irish bus all the hands flurry in the sign of the cross. <SEP> One day the dogs of Ireland will do that too and perhaps also the pigs. The plays deal with the same facets of experience religion must also deal with <SEP> Yes for they deal with distress. Some people object to this in my writing. <SEP> At a party an English intellectual -- so-called -- asked me why I write always about distress. It were perverse to do so <SEP> He wanted to know if my father had beaten me or my mother had run away from home to give me an unhappy childhood. I told him no that I had had a very happy childhood. <SEP> Then he thought me more perverse than ever. I left the party as soon as possible and got into a taxi. <SEP> On the glass partition between me and the driver were three signs : one asked for help for the blind another help for orphans and the third for relief for the war refugees. One does not have to look for distress. <SEP> It is screaming at you even in the taxis of London. Lunch was over and we walked back to the hotel with the light and dark of Paris screaming at us. <SEP> The personal quality of Samuel Beckett is similar to qualities I had found in the plays. He says nothing that compresses experience within a closed pattern. <SEP> Perhaps stands in place of commitment. At the same time he is plainly sympathetic clearly friendly. <SEP> If there were only the mess all would be clear but there is also compassion. As a Christian I know I do not stand where Beckett stands but I do see much of what he sees. <SEP> As a writer on the theater I have paid close attention to the plays. Harold Clurman is right to say that Waiting For Godot is a reflection -LRB- he calls it a distorted reflection -RRB- of the impasse and disarray of Europes present politics ethic and common way of life. <SEP> It is not only Europe the play refers to. Waiting For Godot sells even better in America than in France. <SEP> The consciousness it mirrors may have come earlier to Europe than to America but it is the consciousness that most mature societies arrive at when their successes in technological and economic systematization propel them into a time of examining the not-strictly-practical ends of culture. America is now joining Europe in this mature phase of development. <SEP> Whether any of us remain in it long will depend on what happens as a result of the technological and economic revolutions now going on in the countries of Asia and Africa and also of course on how long the cold war remains cold.
cg01.txt:Liberals are the chief supporters of civil rights and of integration. <SEP> They have also led the nation in the direction of a welfare state. Both in their objectives of non-discrimination and of social progress they have had ranged against them the Southerners who are called Bourbons. <SEP> The name presumably derives from the French royal house which never learned and never forgot since Bourbon whiskey though of Kentucky origin is at least as much favored by liberals in the North as by conservatives in the South. The nature of the opposition between liberals and Bourbons is too little understood in the North. <SEP> The race problem has tended to obscure other less emotional issues which may fundamentally be even more divisive. It is these other differences between North and South -- other that is than those which concern discrimination or social welfare -- which I chiefly discuss herein. <SEP> I write about Northern liberals from considerable personal experience. A Southerner married to a New Englander I have lived for many years in a Connecticut commuting town with a high percentage of artists writers publicity men and business executives of egghead tastes. <SEP> Most of them are Democrats and nearly all consider themselves and are viewed as liberals. This is puzzling to an outsider conscious of the classic tradition of liberalism because it is clear that these Democrats who are left-of-center are at opposite poles from the liberal Jefferson who held that the best government was the least government. <SEP> Paradoxically my liberal friends continue to view Jefferson as one of their patron saints. When I question them as to what they mean by concepts like liberty and democracy I find that they fall into two categories : the simpler ones who have simply accepted the shibboleths of their faith without analysis and the intelligent cynical ones who scornfully reply that these things dont count any more in the world of to-day. <SEP> I am naive they say to make use of such words. I take this to mean that the intelligent -- and therefore necessarily cynical -- liberal considers that the need for a national economy with controls that will assure his conception of social justice is so great that individual and local liberties as well as democratic processes may have to yield before it. <SEP> This seems like an attitude favoring a sort of totalitarian bureaucracy which under a President of the same stamp would try to coerce an uncooperative Congress or Supreme Court. As for states rights they have never counted in the thinking of my liberal friends except as irritations of a minor and immoral nature which exist now only as anachronisms. <SEP> The American liberal may in the world of to-day have a strong case but he presents it publicly so enmeshed in hypocrisy that it is not an honest one. Why in the first place call himself a liberal if he is against laissez-faire and favors an authoritarian central government with womb-to-tomb controls over everybody <SEP> If he attaches little importance to personal liberty why not make this known to the world if he is so scornful of the rights of states why not advocate a different sort of constitution that he could more sincerely support <SEP> I am concerned here however with the Northern liberals attitude toward the South. It appears to be one of intense dislike which he makes little effort to conceal even in the presence of Southern friends. <SEP> His assumption seems to be that any such friends being tolerable humans must be more liberal than most Southerners and therefore at least partly in sympathy with his views. Times editor Thomas Griffith in his book The Waist-High Culture wrote : most of what was different about it -LRB- the Deep South -RRB- I found myself unsympathetic to. <SEP> This for the liberals I know would be an understatement. Theirs is no mere lack of sympathy but something closer to the passionate hatred that was directed against Fascism. <SEP> I do not think that my experience would be typical for Southerners living in the North. In business circles usually conservative this sort of atmosphere would hardly be found. <SEP> In our case -- and neither my wife nor I have extreme views on integration nor are we given to emotional outbursts -- the situation has ruined one or two valued friendships and come close to wrecking several more. In fact it has caused us to give serious thought to moving our residence south because it is not easy for the most objective Southerner to sit calmly by when his host is telling a roomful of people that the only way to deal with Southerners who oppose integration is to send in troops and shoot the bastards down. <SEP> Accounts have been published of Northern liberals in the South up against segregationist prejudice especially in state-supported universities where pressure may be strong to uphold the majority view. These accounts do not show that Northerners have been subjected to embarrassment or provocation by Yankee-hatred displayed in social gatherings. <SEP> From my wifes experience and other sources this seems to be rarely encountered in educated circles. The strong feeling is certainly there but there is a leavening of liberalism among college graduates throughout the South especially among those who studied in the North. <SEP> Social relations arising out of business ties impose courtesy if not sympathy toward resident and visiting Northerners. Also among the latter a large percentage soon acquire the prevalent Southern attitude on most social problems. <SEP> There are of course many Souths but for this discussion the most important division is between those who have been reconstructed and those who havent. My definition of this much abused adjective is that a reconstructed rebel is one who is glad that the North won the War. <SEP> Nobody knows how many Southerners there are in this category. I suspect that there are far more unreconstructed ones than the North likes to believe. <SEP> I never heard of a poll being taken on the question. No doubt such a thing would be considered unpatriotic. <SEP> Prior to I imagine that a majority of Southerners would have voted against the Confederacy. Since the Supreme Courts decision of that year this is more doubtful and if a poll had been taken immediately following the dispatch of troops to Little Rock I believe the majority would have been for the Old South. <SEP> Belief in the traditional way of life persists much more in the older states than in the new ones. Probably a larger percentage of Virginians and South Carolinians remain unreconstructed than elsewhere with Georgia North Carolina and Alabama following along after them. <SEP> Old attitudes are held more tenaciously in the Tidewater than the Piedmont so that a line running down the length of the South marking the upper limits of tidewater would roughly divide the Old South from the new but with of course important minority enclaves. The long-settled areas of states like Virginia and South Carolina developed the ante-bellum culture to its richest flowering and there the memory is more precious and the consciousness of loss the greater. <SEP> Also we should not even to-day discount the fact that a region such as the coastal lowlands centering on Charleston had closer ties with England and the West Indies than with the North even after independence. The social and psychological consequences of this continue to affect the area. <SEP> In certain respects defeat increased the persistent Anglophilia of the Old South. Poor where they had once been rich humbled where they had been arrogant having no longer any hope of sharing in the leadership of the nation the rebels who would not surrender in spirit drew comfort from the sympathy they felt extended to them by the mother country. <SEP> No doubt many people in states like the Carolinas and Georgia which were among the most Tory in sentiment in the eighteenth century bitterly regretted the revolt against the Crown. Among Bourbons the racial issue may have less to do with their remaining unreconstructed than other factors. <SEP> All Southerners agree that slavery had to go but many historians maintain that except for Northern meddling it would have ended in states like Virginia years before it did. Southern resentment has been over the method of its ending the invasion and Reconstruction their fears now are of miscegenation and Negro political control in many counties. <SEP> Apart from racial problems the old unreconstructed South -- to use the moderate words favored by Mr. Thomas Griffith -- finds itself unsympathetic to most of what is different about the civilization of the North. This in effect means most of modern America. <SEP> It is hard to see how the situation could be otherwise. Therein I feel many Northerners delude themselves about the South. <SEP> For one thing this is not a subject often discussed or analyzed. There seems to be almost a conspiracy of silence veiling it. <SEP> I suppose the reason is a kind of wishful thinking : dont talk about the final stages of Reconstruction and they will take care of themselves. Else the North really believes that all Southerners except a few quaint old characters have come around to realizing the errors of their past and are now at heart sharers of the American Dream like everybody else. <SEP> If the circumstances are faced frankly it is not reasonable to expect this to be true. The situation of the South since has been unique in the western world. <SEP> Regardless of rights and wrongs a population and an area appropriate to a pre-World-War - great power have been following conquest ruled against their will by a neighboring people and have had imposed upon them social and economic controls they dislike. The great majority of these people are of Anglo-Saxon or Celtic descent. <SEP> This is the only case in modern history of a people of Britannic origin submitting without continued struggle to what they view as foreign domination. The fact is due mainly to international wars both hot and cold. <SEP> In every war of the United States since the Civil War the South was more belligerent than the rest of the country. Instead of being tests of the Souths loyalty the Spanish War the two World Wars and the Korean War all served to overcome old grievances and cement reunion. <SEP> There is no section of the nation more ardent than the South in the cold war against Communism. Had the situation been reversed had for instance England been the enemy in because of issues of concern chiefly to New England there is little doubt that large numbers of Southerners would have happily put on their old Confederate uniforms to fight as allies of Britain. <SEP> It is extraordinary that a people as proud and warlike as Southerners should have been as docile as they have. The North should thank its stars that such has been the case but at the same time it should not draw false inferences therefrom. <SEP> The two main charges levelled against the Bourbons by liberals is that they are racists and social reactionaries. There is much truth in both these charges and not many Bourbons deny them. <SEP> Whatever their faults they are not hypocrites. Most of them sincerely believe that the Anglo-Saxon is the best race in the world and that it should remain pure. <SEP> Many Northeners believe this too but few of them will say so publicly. The Bourbon economic philosophy moreover is not very different from that of Northern conservatives. <SEP> Those among the Bourbons who remain unreconstructed go much further than this. They believe that if the South had been let alone it would have produced a civilization superior to that of modern America. <SEP> As it is they consider that the North is now reaping the fruits of excess egalitarianism that in spite of its high standard of living the American way has been proved inferior to the English and Scandinavian ways although they disapprove of the socialistic features of the latter. The Souths antipathy to Northern civilization includes such charges as poor manners harsh accents lack of appreciation of the arts of living like gastronomy and the use of leisure. <SEP> Their own easier slower tempo is especially dear to Southerners and I have heard many say that they are content to earn a half or a third as much as they could up North because they so much prefer the quieter habits of their home town.
cl05.txt:He turned the telephone over to Rourke and went into the bedroom to change his slippers for dry socks and shoes. <SEP> Rourke was talking on the phone when he came back. About an hour eh you positive <SEP> He listened a moment and then said Hold it. He turned his head and said Alvarez will definitely be in a back room at the Jai Alai Club on South Beach within an hour. <SEP> Want to try and meet him there Shayne looked at his watch. <SEP> That wasnt too far from Fifth Street and should allow him to make Scottys Bar by midnight. He said with satisfaction Thats fine Tim. <SEP> Ill be there. Rourke confirmed the appointment over the phone and hung up. <SEP> I dont know what youre getting into Mike he said unhappily. I hope to Christ. <SEP> Shayne said briskly Grab another drink if you want it. Weve got one other call to make before I meet Alvarez. Where <SEP> Its out in the Northeast section. You got my car here <SEP> Its parked in front. Rourke hastily slopped whiskey into his glass on top of half-melted ice-cubes. <SEP> Id better keep on driving yours Shayne decided because Ill be going on over to the Beach. I can drop you back here to pick mine up. <SEP> He went to a closet to get a light jacket and took his hat from beside the door. Timothy Rourke gulped down the whiskey hastily and joined him asking Who are we going to call on in the Northeast section A lady. That is maybe not too much of a lady. <SEP> At least I want to find out whether shes home yet or not. He opened the door and followed Rourke out. <SEP> In Rourkes car Shayne drove east to Biscayne Boulevard and north toward Felice Perrins address which had been given to him by the Peralta governess. As he drove he filled in Timothy Rourke briefly on the events of the evening after leaving the reporter to go to the Peralta house and on his own surmises. <SEP> I want to be in Scottys Bar at midnight when Marsha makes her phone call there he ended grimly. I dont know whether that threatening letter of hers has anything to do with this situation or not but I want to see who takes the call. <SEP> This deal at Las Putas Buenas where the two knife-men jumped you said Rourke with interest that sounds like it was set up with malice aforethought by the luscious Mrs. Peralta doesnt it It does Shayne grunted sourly still able to taste her mouth on his in the Green Jungle parking lot. <SEP> That story of hers about an unsigned note directing her to be there tonight sounds completely phony. If it was designed to put me on the spot it would have to have been written before Peralta ever called me in on the case. <SEP> You think Laura did have the counterfeit bracelet made without her husbands knowledge I havent the faintest idea. <SEP> I think her husband strongly suspects so and thats why he called me in on the thing in direct defiance of his confederates and almost certainly without telling them why he was doing so. This Felices street <SEP> Shayne asked peering ahead at the partially obscured street sign. Rourke could see it better out the right-hand side and he said yes. <SEP> Turn to the left I think for that number you gave me. Not more than a block or so. Shayne got in the left-hand lane and cut across the Boulevard divider. <SEP> There was a small neon-lighted restaurant and cocktail lounge on the southeast corner of the intersection as he turned into the quiet palm-lined street where most of the houses on both sides were older two-story mansions now cut up into furnished rooms and housekeeping apartments. Shayne drove westward from the Boulevard slowly letting Rourke crane his head out the window and watch for street numbers. <SEP> A single automobile was parked half-way up the block on the left-hand side. Shayne noted idly that it carried Miami Beach license plates as he approached and then saw the flare of a match in the front seat as they passed indicating that it was occupied. <SEP> He turned to see the briefly-illumed faces of two men in the parked car just as Rourke said Its the next house Mike. On the right. Instead of pulling into the curb Shayne increased his speed slightly to the corner where he swung left. <SEP> He went around the corner and parked turning off his lights and motor. I told you Mike said Rourke in an aggrieved voice. <SEP> It was back there. Shayne said I know it was Tim. <SEP> His voice was chilling and cold. You see the car parked across the street <SEP> I didnt notice it. I was watching for numbers. <SEP> It has a Beach license Tim. Two men in the front seat. I got a quick look at their faces as we went past. <SEP> Unless Im crazy as hell theyre two of Painters dicks. A couple named Harris and Geely. Those names mean anything to you <SEP> Wait a minute Mike. In Painters office this evening. Shayne nodded grimly. The pair whom Petey is officially commending for slapping me around and pulling me in. What are they doing here <SEP> A stake-out I suppose. On Felice Perrin. Maybe with specific orders to see that I dont make contact with her. Im not positive Tim. <SEP> I may be wrong. Ill slide out and walk around the block back to the cocktail lounge on Biscayne. <SEP> You drive on and circle back and pull up beside them parked there. Youre a reporter and youre looking for Miss Perrin to interview her. <SEP> Make them show their hands. If they are Beach cops on a stake-out theyll admit it to a reporter. <SEP> Theyve got no official standing on this side of the Bay. As soon as you find out if they are Geely and Harris come on around to the lounge where Ill be waiting. <SEP> Shayne opened the door on his side and stepped out. Timothy Rourke groaned dismally as he slid under the wheel. The things you talk me into Mike. <SEP> Shayne chuckled. How often do they add up to headlines <SEP> You should complain. He crossed the street and walked swiftly southward to circle back to the Boulevard and north a block to the open restaurant. <SEP> He was standing at the end of the bar enjoying a slug of cognac when Rourke came in six or eight minutes later. The reporter nodded as he moved up beside him at the bar. <SEP> Shayne told the bartender Bourbon and water and Rourke told him Its those two all right. Harris and Geely. I made them show me their identification before I could be persuaded not to call on Felice Perrin. <SEP> Shayne said happily Ive got it all worked out Tim. Take your time with your drink. <SEP> Ill beat it. In exactly three minutes go in that phone booth behind you and call Police Headquarters. <SEP> Be excited and dont identify yourself. Just say that a couple of drunks are having a hell of a fight down the street and they better send a patrol car. <SEP> Then hang up fast and come walking on down to the Perrin address. Ill be waiting for you there. <SEP> The bartender brought Rourkes drink and Shayne laid a twenty-dollar bill on the bar. He said in a low voice Ive got a date with a lady Mister. <SEP> That pay for a pint I can take with me. You know how it is he added with a conspiratorial wink. <SEP> Candy is dandy but liquor is quicker and you dont have any candy for sale here anyhow. We sure dont. <SEP> The bartender winked back at him and palmed the bill. He turned away and returned in a moment with a pint of brandy in a small paper sack which he slid over the counter to Shayne. <SEP> As the detective slid it into his pocket Rourke asked sadly What in hell are you going to do Mike Make a couple of punk detectives named Geely and Harris wish to God theyd stayed out of my way this afternoon. Three minutes Tim. <SEP> Shayne strode out blithely and Rourke checked his watch and sipped his drink getting a dime ready to make the telephone call to the police. Outside Shayne hesitated when he saw that Rourke had parked his coupe directly in front of the bar headed south. <SEP> He walked over to the right-hand door opened it and got the reloaded automatic out of the glove compartment and put it in his hip pocket. He hoped he wouldnt be forced to use it in taking care of the Beach detectives but its weight was comforting at his hip. <SEP> On this side of the Bay Miami Beach cops had no more legal rights than any ordinary citizen and Shaynes pistol permit was just as good as theirs. He went swiftly up the sidewalk toward the parked car with the two Beach detectives in the front seat. <SEP> He tugged the brim of his hat low as he approached stepped out into the street just behind the car and strode around to the right-hand side. The big paunchy man named Geely was on that side half-turned in the seat toward his hatchet-faced companion so that his back partially rested against the closed door. <SEP> Shayne turned the handle and jerked the door open before either of the men were quite aware of his presence in the night. Geely grunted and slid partly out and Shaynes left arm snaked in around his neck to help him while he set himself solidly on the roadway and swung his right fist to the big gum-chewing jaw before Geely could straighten up. <SEP> Shayne stepped back to let him slump to the ground and then dived over him through the open door into Harris who was cursing loudly and trying to drag a gun from a shoulder holster somewhat impeded by the steering wheel. Shayne locked his big hands around Harris thin neck and dragged him out over the seat into the roadway. <SEP> He hit him once on the sharp point of his chin and felt the body go limp. He dropped him into the street a couple of feet away from Geelys recumbent figure and stared down at both of them for a moment before kicking the big man lightly in the side. <SEP> He didnt stir. They were both breathing heavily out cold and Shayne didnt think either of them had recognized him or could describe him. <SEP> He got the pint of liquor out of his pocket and unscrewed the top sprinkled the pungent stuff liberally over both men and then tossed the open bottle in on the front seat. He turned then to look toward the lighted Boulevard and saw Rourkes tall emaciated figure come out of the lounge and hurriedly start to angle across the street toward the opposite side. <SEP> Shayne strolled across to intercept the reporter in front of the two-story house where Felice Perrin lived and asked casually Get the police okay Sure. Said theyd have a patrol car here fast. <SEP> Lets get inside. What happened with you <SEP> Why the two damned fools got all excited when they saw the bottle and knocked each other out cold Shayne said good-humoredly. Theyll have fun explaining that to the Miami cops. <SEP> Got no business over here on a stake-out anyway. They went up onto a front porch and into a small hallway where a dim bulb burned high in the ceiling. <SEP> A row of mailboxes along the wall had numbers and names on them. Shayne found one marked Perrin Afj. <SEP> The stairway on the right was dark but there was a wall-switch at the bottom which lighted another dim bulb at the top and they went up. There were two front rooms both dark behind their transoms and there was no sound or light in the entire house to indicate that any of the occupants were awake.
cf31.txt:Person who left the buggy there has never been identified. <SEP> It was a busy street conveniently near the shopping center and unattended horses and wagons were often left at the curbside. There are of course many weaknesses in any case against Emma. <SEP> She didnt like her stepmother but nothing is known to have occurred shortly before the crime that could have caused such a murderous rage. She had no way of knowing in advance whether an opportunity for murder existed. <SEP> She would have been taking more than a fair risk of being seen and recognized during her travels. If she avoided the train and hired a buggy the stableman might have recognized her. <SEP> If police had checked on her more thoroughly than is indicated she would be completely eliminated as a suspect. Uncle John Vinnicum Morse was the immediate popular suspect. <SEP> His sudden unannounced appearance at the Borden home was strange in that he did not carry an iota of baggage with him although he clearly intended to stay overnight if not longer. Lizzie stated during the inquest that while her father and uncle were in the sitting room the afternoon before the murders she had been disturbed by their voices and had closed her door even though it was a very hot day. <SEP> It is evident that Lizzie did not tell everything she overheard between her father and her Uncle Morse. At that time Jennings had a young law associate named Arthur S. Phillips. <SEP> A few years ago not too long before his death Phillips revealed in a newspaper story that he had always suspected Morse of the murders. He said Morse and Borden had quarreled violently in the house that day information which must have come from Lizzie. <SEP> It was obviously the sound of this argument that caused Lizzie to close her door. The New Bedford Standard-Times has reported Knowlton as saying long after the trial that if he only knew what Borden said during his conversation with Morse he would have convicted somebody. <SEP> Notice Knowlton did not say that he would have obtained a conviction in the trial of Lizzie Borden. He said he would have convicted somebody. <SEP> It is known that Morse did associate with a group of itinerant horse traders who made their headquarters at Westport a town not far from Fall River. They were a vagabond lot and considered to be shady and undesirable characters. <SEP> Fall River police did go to Westport to see if they could get any information against Morse and possibly find an accomplice whom he might have hired from among these men. These officers found no incriminating information. <SEP> Morses alibi was not as solid as it seemed. He said he returned from the visit to his niece on the : streetcar. <SEP> The woman in the house where the niece was staying backed up his story and said she left when he did to shop for her dinner. Fall River is not a fashionable town. <SEP> The dinner hour there was twelve noon. If this woman had delayed until after : to start her shopping she would have had little time in which to prepare the substantial meal that was eaten at dinner in those days. <SEP> It is possible that Morse told the woman it was : but it could have been earlier since she did serve dinner on time. Police did make an attempt to check on Morses alibi. <SEP> They interviewed the conductor of the streetcar Morse said he had taken but the man did not remember Morse as a passenger. Questioned further Morse said that there had been four or five priests riding on the same car with him. <SEP> The conductor did recall having priests as passengers and this satisfied police although the conductor also pointed out that in heavily Catholic Fall River there were priests riding on almost every trip the streetcar made so Morses statement really proved nothing. We do know that Morse left the house before nine oclock. <SEP> Bridget testified she saw him leave through the side door. Morse said Borden let him out and locked the screen door. <SEP> From that point on he said he went to the post office and then walked leisurely to where his niece was staying more than a mile away. He met nobody he knew on this walk. <SEP> There is no accounting of his movements in this long gap of time which covers the early hours when Mrs. Borden was killed. Morse testified that while he was having breakfast in the dining room Mrs. Borden told the servant Bridget I want you to wash these windows today. <SEP> Bridgets testimony was in direct contradiction. She said it was after she returned from her vomiting spell in the back yard that Mrs. Borden told her to wash the windows. <SEP> This was long after Morse had left the house. Morses knowledge of what Mrs. Borden told Bridget could indicate that he had returned secretly to the house and was hidden there. <SEP> He knew the house fairly well he had been there on two previous visits during the past three or four months alone. Despite Knowltons attempts to show that the house was locked up tighter than a drum this was not true. <SEP> The screen door was unlocked for some ten or fifteen minutes while Bridget was sick in the back. It was unlocked all the time she was washing windows. <SEP> Morse could have returned openly while Bridget was sick in the back yard and gone up to the room he had occupied. Mrs. Borden would not have been alarmed if she saw Morse with an ax or hatchet in his hand. <SEP> He had been to the farm the previous day and he could have said they needed the ax or hatchet at the farm. Mrs. Borden would have had no reason to disbelieve him and he could have approached close enough to her to swing before she could cry out. <SEP> He could have left for Weybosset Street after her murder and made it in plenty of time by using the streetcar. If he took an earlier streetcar than the : on his return he could have arrived at the Borden house shortly after Mr. Borden came home. <SEP> With Lizzie in the barn the screen door unlocked and Bridget upstairs in her attic room he would have had free and easy access to the house. With the second murder over he could have left hidden the weapon in some vacant lot or an abandoned cistern in the neighborhood. <SEP> His unconcerned stroll down the side of the house to a pear tree with crowds already gathering in front of the building and Sawyer guarding the side door was odd. There was no close examination of his clothes for bloodstains and certainly no scientific test was made of them. <SEP> For a man who traveled around without any change of clothing a few more stains on his dark suit may very well have gone unnoticed. The motive may have been the mysterious quarrel there was no financial gain for Morse in the murders. <SEP> On the other side of the ledger is the fact that he did see his niece and the woman with whom she was staying. The time would have been shortly after the murder of Mrs. Borden and they noticed nothing unusual in his behavior. <SEP> He said he had promised Mrs. Borden to return in time for dinner and that was close to the time when he did turn up at the Borden house. What did Pearson say about Bridget Sullivan as a possible suspect in his trial-book essay <SEP> He wrote : The police soon ceased to look upon either Bridget or Mr. Morse as in possession of guilty knowledge. Neither had any interest in the deaths indeed it was probably to Mr. Morses advantage to have Mr. And Mrs. Borden alive. <SEP> Both he and Bridget were exonerated by Lizzie herself. That was his complete discussion of Bridget Sullivan as a possible suspect. <SEP> Although Pearson disbelieved almost everything Lizzie said and read a sinister purpose into almost everything she did he happily accepted her statement about Bridget as the whole truth. He felt nothing further need be said about the servant girl. <SEP> The exoneration Pearson speaks of is not an exoneration but Lizzies expression of her opinion as reported in the testimony of Assistant Marshal Fleet. This officer had asked Lizzie if she suspected her Uncle Morse and she replied she didnt think he did it because he left the house before the murders and returned after them. <SEP> Fleet asked the same question about Bridget and Lizzie pointed out that as far as she knew Bridget had gone up to her room before her fathers murder and came down when she called her. Lizzie actually never named any suspect. <SEP> She told police about the prospective tenant she had heard quarreling with her father some weeks before the murders but she said she thought he was from out of town because she heard him mention something about talking to his partner. Much as she detested Hiram Harrington she also did not accuse him. <SEP> At the inquest she was asked specifically whether she knew anybody her father had bad feelings toward or who had bad feelings toward her father. She replied I know of one man that has not been friendly with him. <SEP> They have not been friendly for years. Asked who this was she named Harrington. <SEP> Her statement certainly was true the press reported the same facts in using Harringtons interview but Lizzie did not suggest at the inquest that Harrington was the killer. When I interviewed Kirby who as a boy picked up pears in the Borden yard I asked if anybody else in the household besides Lizzie and Morse had been under any suspicion at the time of the murders. <SEP> He said he had not heard of anybody else. How about Bridget Sullivan I inquired. <SEP> Oh she was just the maid there he replied waving a hand to indicate how completely unimportant she was. Kirby was of course reflecting the opinion that existed at the time of murders. <SEP> Everyone somehow manages to overlook completely the fact that as far as we know there were exactly two people in and about the house at the time of both murders : Lizzie Borden and Bridget Sullivan. All the officials on the case seem to have been afflicted with a similar myopia as far as Bridget was concerned although records in police files contain many reports of servants who have murdered their employers. <SEP> True it is no longer cricket for the butler to be the killer in mystery fiction but we are dealing here with actual people in real life and not imaginary characters and situations. The actions of Bridget should be examined since she was there and opportunity did exist if only to establish her innocence. <SEP> There are also other factors that require closer examination. The legend as it exists in Fall River today always includes the solemn assurance that Bridget returned to Ireland after the trial with a big bundle of cash which Lizzie gave her for keeping her mouth shut. <SEP> The people who believe and retell the legend have apparently never troubled to read the trial testimony and do not know that the maid changed her testimony on several key points always to the detriment of Lizzie. If Bridget did get any bundles of cash the last person who would have rewarded her for services rendered would have been Lizzie Borden. <SEP> Bridget was born in Ireland one of fourteen children. She was apparently the pioneer in her family because she had no close relatives in this country at that time. <SEP> She worked as a domestic first in Newport for a year and then in South Bethlehem Pennsylvania for another year. She finally settled in Fall River and after being employed for a time by a Mrs. Reed was hired by the Bordens. <SEP> I have previously described how during the week of the murder Bridget spent the first few hot days scrubbing and ironing clothes.
cl04.txt:Jowls were spiked by barbs of graying beard. <SEP> His small mean eyes regarded Marty steadily unblinkingly. His eyes were threaded by little filaments of red as if tiny veins had burst and flooded blood into them. <SEP> As he chewed his gum and exuded wheezing breath Marty smelt the reek of bad whiskey. Marty recognized the man. <SEP> He had driven the car that passed them on the road outside Admassys place. This was Acey Squire proprietor of the juke joint. <SEP> Marty smiled at Squire pleasantly and said There was a cab waiting for me here. You know where it might have gone <SEP> Squire chewed his gum his jaw moving in a steady rhythm. He looked straight at Marty. <SEP> He did not answer. Marty scanned the faces of the others nearest him looked into their staring eyes. <SEP> Anyone see my cab He asked keeping his voice casual. <SEP> He avoided showing any surprise or annoyance when no one answered him. I have to get back to Jarrodsville he went on. <SEP> I see there are some cars here. I wonder if one of you gentlemen could drive me back to town <SEP> Id be happy to pay for the favor of course. The seventeen men stood and stared at him for a moment longer. <SEP> Then a startling thing occurred. It was so utterly unexpected that Marty stood for several moments with his mouth hanging open foolishly after it had happened. <SEP> There was no word spoken no apparent signal given. Yet the men all moved at the same instant. <SEP> They piled into the waiting cars motors roared the cars sped off. The station wagon and the old Plymouth headed east toward Jarrodsville. <SEP> The Ford and the pickup truck sped west toward Sanfords Run. In seconds all four cars were out of sight. <SEP> Marty Land stood alone on a red-clay road as storm clouds gathered ominously in the sky again. From a great distance thunder growled and broke the silence. <SEP> Land looked back toward the dilapidated house. He thought he saw a pale face at a window. <SEP> Perhaps it was Dora May. Perhaps she would be glad that they hadnt hurt him. <SEP> There were other farmhouses nearby. Across the road there was one no more than a hundred yards away. <SEP> There was another on this side a little further down. There were many more between here and Jarrodsville. <SEP> Telephone poles lined the road. They reared tall and mocking. <SEP> Their wires stretched out into infinity. Not a single strand of wire reached into the silent houses beside the red-clay road. <SEP> There was nothing he could do but walk. Jarrodsville was more than three miles away down an old dirt road that the rain had turned into a quagmire. <SEP> Marty faced east and started walking down the left side of the road. After he had proceeded a few feet he paused and turned up the cuffs of his trousers which were already damp and mud-caked. <SEP> The viscous mud was ankle-deep and in places great puddles spread across the road and reflected the murky light. As he approached the first farmhouse thunder sounded behind him again closer now and louder like a steadily advancing drum corps. <SEP> There were several people on the porch of the farmhouse. There was a very old man and a young woman and a brood of children ranging from toddlers to teen-agers. <SEP> For just an instant he thought of appealing to them for help. Perhaps they had a car or truck and would drive him into town. <SEP> Then he realized the utter futility of the idea. They were staring at him in the same blank and menacing way that the men outside the gate had stared. <SEP> Even the eyes of the smallest children seemed malicious. On his side of the road there were two farm hands well back in a field leaning against a plow. <SEP> They too stared at him. The drums of thunder were right behind him now. <SEP> A foolish thought came into his head. He remembered a story he had read as a youth. <SEP> It was probably one of Kiplings tales of the British Army. It concerned an officer who had been disgraced and drummed out. <SEP> The steady roll of the drums had sounded behind him as he walked between the endless ranks of the men he had commanded and each man about-faced and turned his back as the officer approached. Marty wished these poor farm people would turn their backs. <SEP> The fencing by the roadside ended. Now the dirt highway was bordered on either side by a fairly deep drainage ditch too broad to leap over unless you were an Olympic star. <SEP> The days rain had been added to the stagnant water. He was trapped on the road when he heard the sound of an approaching car. <SEP> It was coming toward him. The car was now in sight. <SEP> Martys heart skipped a beat when he recognized it. It was the station wagon that had passed his cab on the road the station wagon that had been parked at the Burch farm. Acey Squires station wagon. <SEP> It had headed back toward Jarrodsville. That had only been a ruse to lure him out on the deserted road. <SEP> Now Acey and his friends were returning to seek him out. The station wagon came to a stop a couple of hundred feet in front of him beside a fenced field. <SEP> Then there was another sound. A second car was coming from the west from the direction of Sanfords Run. <SEP> It was the Ford that had been outside Burchs farm. Marty looked helplessly in both directions. <SEP> It was a narrow road barely wide enough for two cars to pass. He could not leave the road because of the water-filled drainage ditch. <SEP> When the two cars were equidistant from him the station wagon started up again and the Ford gathered speed. They bore down on him. <SEP> There was nothing he could do except jump into the ditch. He jumped and sank to his knees in muddy water. <SEP> As the two cars roared by there was a high-pitched eerie nerve-shattering sound. Marty knew how the Union soldiers must have felt at Chancellorsville and Antietam and Gettysburg when the ragged gray ranks charged at them screaming the wild banshee howl they called the Rebel yell. <SEP> For moments he stood in water shivering and gasping for breath. He had turned his ankle slightly and it pained him. <SEP> The cars with their load of howling men had disappeared in the distance. There had been two more cars parked at the farm a Plymouth and a pickup truck. <SEP> They would be coming for him next bearing down on him from both directions. Then the station wagon and the Ford would seek him out again. <SEP> He would be harassed repeatedly and would escape death by inches time after time all the way to Jarrodsville. He still had three miles to go. <SEP> Back East the more affluent juvenile delinquents who could afford hyped-up autos instead of switch blades as lethal weapons played this same game and called it Chicken. He could not go through the fields. <SEP> That way was barred on both sides of the road by a high barbed-wire fence. He had to make for the section of road just ahead that was bordered by the rail fence the section by the farmhouse. <SEP> At least he could climb up on the fence when his tormenters roared by again. The Admassy place could not be far now. <SEP> He would go in there climb through the window and at least be safe for a little while and able to rest. There was even a bare chance that the phone had not been disconnected. <SEP> He did not dare climb back up to the road. He was deep in water but at least they could not reach him there. <SEP> He splashed on mud sucking at his feet with each step until he reached the end of the drainage ditch and the beginning of the fence that enclosed the farm. He climbed back to the road and he felt utterly exhausted. <SEP> He stood panting for a moment. And then he saw something that he had not seen before and panic gripped him again. <SEP> The fence his only refuge when the metal death came roaring at him was made of rails all right but the rails were protected by a thick screening of barbed wire that would rip his flesh if he pressed against it. He lurched on down the road despairingly because there was no place else to go. <SEP> He lost all sense of dignity. You could not stand on dignity when you were soaked and muddied and your life was at stake. <SEP> Probably people were watching him from the porch or from behind the windows of this farmhouse too but he did not bother to look. He broke into a dogtrot breathing heavily streaming with sweat. <SEP> He had to reach Admassys place. It was his only sanctuary. <SEP> The fences on both sides of the road bristled with the barbed wire. The fences stretched on endlessly. <SEP> And then he heard them. Now he saw them. <SEP> The Plymouth was coming at him from the east the pickup truck from the west. They had timed it better this time. <SEP> They would reach him at almost exactly the same instant. He stopped stone-still. <SEP> If he backed against the fence one of the cars would brush him as it passed and he would be cruelly lacerated by the wire. He stumbled to the middle of the road and simply stood there waiting for them a perfect target. <SEP> The cars must have had their gas pedals pushed down to the floor boards. They were coming on at reckless speed for such old vehicles. <SEP> They thundered at him. He held his arms close to his sides and made himself as small as possible. <SEP> When the Plymouth neared it veered toward him and seemed about to run him down. He forced himself to stay frozen there. <SEP> If he moved he would be in the path of the other car. He thought the fender of the Plymouth brushed his jacket as it went by. <SEP> In a fraction of a second the pickup truck hurtled by on the other side. The weird insane sound of the Rebel yell reverberated again and echoed from the distant hills. <SEP> He did not leave the middle of the road. He did not try to run. <SEP> He trudged on his aching eyes focused straight ahead. He was nearing the Admassy house. <SEP> He was going to make it he told himself. And then he heard a car coming from the east and he felt as if he would break down and weep. <SEP> Oh no not again he said aloud. Not again so soon. There was a new sound a sound as piercing as the Rebel yell yet different. <SEP> It was the sound of a siren. Now he saw that the approaching car was painted white and he began to wave his arms frantically. <SEP> It was the prowl car from the sheriffs office. The car drew up alongside him and stopped. <SEP> Get in Charley Estes said brusquely. He staggered into the back seat and lay back fighting for breath. <SEP> There was someone in front with the sheriff. It was Pete Holmes the cabdriver. <SEP> Pete turned around and said to Marty I guess you think Im a yellow-bellied hound. There wasnt no use in me staying there. <SEP> I couldnt fight a dozen or so ofem. If Id stayed all that Id have got was four punctured tires and one busted head. <SEP> Why didnt you wait at the Burch house You mustve known Id gone to get the sheriff. <SEP> I was lucky they let me go I guess. The sheriff was occupied with maneuvering the car around in a very narrow space. <SEP> When it was finally pointed east he said You should never have come out here alone. This is redneck country. <SEP> Every man in every one of these houses is a Night Rider.
cl12.txt:Did not see the newspapers the next day. <SEP> Someone on his staff -- he suspected it was Ed Thornburg -- intercepted them and for this Andy was grateful. He finally fell asleep around six in the morning with the aid of a sleeping capsule a crutch he rarely used and didnt awaken until early afternoon. <SEP> Memory flooded him the instant he opened his eyes and the sick feeling knotted his stomach. Outside his window bloomed a beautiful summer day. <SEP> Presumably the same sun was shining upon little Drew also and those who had kidnapped him. But where It was still a very big world despite all the modern cant to the contrary. <SEP> Hub was sitting in a chair that blocked the hall door. He was dozing perhaps the only sleep hed gotten. <SEP> He snapped to alertness at Andys entrance. Sorry Mr. Paxton. Nothing new. Lot of people waiting to see you though. Reporters Our own people. Questions about the show tonight. Hub picked up the telephone. <SEP> I let them know youre awake I suppose. <SEP> Hows Lissa do you know Hub considered. Some better. <SEP> Shes got plenty of guts Mr. Paxton. You want me to call her <SEP> She expecting me to Hub shook his head so Andy told him not to bother. <SEP> The only reason for contacting Lissa was to comfort or to be comforted. He could not manage the former or expect the latter they had nothing to give to each other. <SEP> The omission might look peculiar to outsiders but Andy could not bring himself to go through the motions simply for the sake of appearances. He had little time to himself anyway. <SEP> As the afternoon sped toward evening the suite saw a steady procession of Paxton aides pass in and out each with his own special problem. Thornburg arrived with the writers. <SEP> They had spent the morning revising the act eliminating all the gay songs patter and dancing with a view of the best public relations. What remained lacked the original verve but it was at least dignified as befitting the tragic circumstances. <SEP> Raymond Fox reported that the orchestra had hastily rehearsed Cradle Song in case it was needed. Charlie Marble was back and forth on several occasions first to confer with Andy on the advisability of cancelling the Las Vegas engagement -- they decided it was wise -- and later to announce that a prominent comedian also an agency client had agreed to fill the casinos open date. <SEP> Once Bake slipped in pale and drawn last nights liquor still on his breath with some of todays added to it. He asked if there was anything he could do. <SEP> Andy invented a job to keep him busy sending him ahead to El Dorado to supervise last minute arrangements. From Rocco Vecchio they heard nothing. <SEP> At last it was time to depart. Hub nosing about spotted reporters in the lobby so Andy was hustled away quietly through the hotels service entrance in a strange car which Hub had procured somewhere. <SEP> They succeeded in eluding the curious at the hotel but there was no chance of avoiding them at the nightclub. El Dorado was surrounded by a mob. <SEP> They overflowed the parking lot making progress by automobile difficult. Long before he reached the protection of the stage door Andy was recognized. <SEP> Word of his arrival spread through the crowd like a brushfire. They surged around him fingers pointing eyes prying. <SEP> It was not a hostile gathering but Andy sensed the difference from last nights hero-worshippers. They had come not to admire but to observe. <SEP> Its worse inside Thornburg informed Andy. Skolmans jammed in every table he could find. Under the heading of its an ill wind et cetera. <SEP> Backstage was tomblike by contrast. Andys co-workers kept their distance awed by the tragedy. <SEP> In his dressing room was a large bouquet and a card that read Were with you all the way. It was signed by everyone in the troupe. <SEP> Andy couldnt help but be touched. He instructed Shirl Winter to compose a note of thanks to be posted on the call board. <SEP> Bake was waiting to report that Lou DuVol had been sobered up to the point where he could function efficiently. Andy gathered that this had been no small accomplishment. <SEP> Bake himself looked better any kind of job was better than brooding. Andy told him Bake I wish youd talk to Skolman see if some kind of p.a. System can be rigged up outside. <SEP> Its just barely possible with this crowd that the kidnapper wasnt able to get a table. I wouldnt want him to miss the message. <SEP> Ill try. Skolman isnt going to like it much though giving away what he should be selling. <SEP> Skolman wasnt the only one who didnt care for Andys scheme. A short time later Lieutenant Bonner stomped into the dressing room. <SEP> I got a bone to pick with you Mr. Paxton. Its those damn loudspeakers. <SEP> Andy rolled up the revised script he had been studying. What about them Theyre going to louse me up good. <SEP> My men have been here all afternoon setting up for this thing. Bonner explained that with the nightclubs cooperation the police had occupied El Dorado like a battlefield. <SEP> Motion picture cameras had been installed to film the audience the reservation list was being checked out name by name and a special detail was already at work in the parking lot scrutinizing automobiles for a possible lead. However it was virtually impossible to screen the mob outside even if Bonner had manpower available for the purpose. <SEP> I want you to have the speakers taken out. Andy sighed. <SEP> Seems like were never going to see eye to eye Lieutenant. They tell you what I wanted the p.a. System for <SEP> Sure I know. Its such a long shot -- No longer than yours. <SEP> What do you expect to get tonight anyway You think somebody is going to stand up in the audience and make guilty faces Or have a sign on his car that says Here Comes the Paxton Kidnapper <SEP> Andy crumbled the script in his fist. I cant stop you from doing what you think is right. <SEP> Dont try to stop me either. Someday Bonner said youre going to ask us for help. <SEP> I can hardly wait. What you dont understand is that Im asking for it now. <SEP> Bonner departed still full of ill will. He had gotten stuck with a job too big for his imagination he had to cling to routine tested procedures. <SEP> To act otherwise would be to admit his helplessness. Admit or not Bonner was helpless. <SEP> The crime showed too much planning the kidnappers appeared too proficient to be caught by a checklist. Andys performance was scheduled for eleven oclock. <SEP> He stalled for a half-hour longer hoping to hear something from Vecchio about the ransom money. Bake and Shirl Winter on separate telephones could not reach him at any conceivable location in Los Angeles nor could they secure any clear-cut information regarding his efforts. <SEP> Bake cursed. The sweaty bastards probably halfway to Peru with our money by now. <SEP> When no one smiled he felt constrained to add Just kidding natch. Thornburg popped in to advise Andy Skolmans sending up smoke signals. <SEP> You about ready Whats he complaining about <SEP> Bake asked. Theyre drinking arent they No. <SEP> We got a bunch of sippers out there tonight. I guess nobody wants to pass out and miss anything. <SEP> Thornburg added in a lower voice but Andy overheard They act more like a jury than an audience. Andy said Well I guess we cant wait any longer. <SEP> Hub you stick by the stage door. If Rock shows up during the number -- or you hear anything -- give me the signal. <SEP> Shirl Winter said Ill stay on the phone Mr. Paxton. Theres a couple of call-backs I can work on. <SEP> Youre a sweetheart -- but leave one line open. He may try to phone us. <SEP> Andy passed into the corridor their good lucks Following him. It was what they said before every performance but tonight it sounded different as if he really needed it. <SEP> They were right. The act cut to shreds and hastily patched together during the afternoon had not been rehearsed sufficiently by anyone. <SEP> The result had nothing of the polish pace or cohesion of the previous night. Heres where luck would normally step in. <SEP> This was no ordinary show and Andy knew it. Whether he sang well or badly had nothing to do with it. <SEP> The audience had come not to be entertained but to judge. Twenty-four hours had changed him from a performer to a freak. <SEP> Within this framework what followed was strained even macabre. Eliminating the patter and the upbeat numbers left little but blues and other songs of equal melancholy. <SEP> The effect was as depressing as a gravestone the applause irresolute and short-lived. Yet Andy plowed ahead mouthing the inconsequential words as if they possessed real meaning and gradually his listeners warmed to him. <SEP> Their clapping grew more fervent the evening was still not beyond salvaging not as a show but for him as a person. The worst was yet to come. <SEP> As Andy reached the finale of his act a subdued commotion backstage drew his attention to the wings. Rocco Vecchio -- a perspiring haggard Vecchio -- was standing there flanked by two men in the uniforms of armored transport guards. <SEP> Vecchio was nodding and pointing at the large suitcase he held. Andy felt his heart thud heavily with relief. <SEP> He waved at Fox to cut off the finale introduction. The music died away discordantly. <SEP> He drew a deep breath. Ladies and gentlemen in place of my regular closing number tonight Id like to sing something of a different nature for you. Ray if you please -- the Cradle Song. <SEP> He sensed rather than heard the gasp that swept across the audience. He blame them. <SEP> This particular song at this particular time could only be interpreted as the ultimate in bad taste callous exploitation beyond the bounds of decency. Having no choice he plunged into it anyway holding onto the microphone for support. Lullaby and goodnight. <SEP> His voice shook. For the first time in his life he forgot the lyrics midway through and had to cover up by humming the rest. <SEP> He wondered if the audience would let him finish. They did though contemptuous they were still polite. <SEP> When he was finally through their scorn was made apparent. Someone clapped tentatively then quickly stopped. <SEP> Otherwise the silence was complete. As the lights came up Andy could see that a number of patrons were already on their way toward the exit. <SEP> He stumbled off-stage. My God he muttered. My God. <SEP> Hub was there to support him. Its okay Mr. Paxton. <SEP> The moneys here all of it. At this moment all he could think of was what hed been forced to undergo. <SEP> You hear them you know what they think of me <SEP> Bunch of damn jerks Hub growled. Who needs them <SEP> Thornburg patted his arm. Sure Andy itll be all right. Nothing broken that cant be mended. <SEP> The words were hollow. Thornburg knew better than any of them that a public image was as fragile as Humpty Dumpty. All the kings horses and all the kings men Vecchio shouldered in. <SEP> I got it Andy. God knows how but I got it. <SEP> Youll never believe the places Ive been today. I practically had to sign your life away youll probably fire me for some of the deals I had to go for but -- <SEP> Andy nodded dully. It doesnt matter Rock. <SEP> Weve done our part. He clutched that knowledge to him as he returned to his dressing room. <SEP> The usual congratulatory crowd was conspicuously absent the place had the air of a morgue. Andy had no desire to linger himself but Hub reported that the mob outside was still large despite the efforts of the police to disperse them.
ck19.txt:Was one fact which Rector could not overlook one truth which he could not deny. <SEP> As long as there were two human beings working together on the same project there would be competition and you could no more escape it than you could expect to escape the grave. No matter how devoted a man was no matter how fully he gave his life to the Lord he could never extinguish that one spark of pride that gave him definition as an individual. <SEP> All of the jobs in the mission might be equal in the eyes of the Lord but they were certainly not equal in the eyes of the Lords servants. It was only natural that Fletcher would strive for a position in which he could make the decisions. <SEP> Even Rector himself was prey to this spirit of competition and he knew it not for a more exalted office in the hierarchy of the church -- his ambitions for the bishopry had died very early in his career -- but for the one clear victory he had talked about to the colonel. He was not sure how much of this desire was due to his devotion to the church and how much was his own ego demanding to be satisfied for the two were intertwined and could not be separated. <SEP> He wanted desperately to see Kayabashi defeated the Communists in the village rooted out the mission standing triumphant for in the triumph of the Lord he himself would be triumphant too. Perhaps this was a part of the eternal plan that mans ambition when linked with God would be a driving indefatigable force for good in the world. <SEP> He sighed. How foolish it was to try to fathom the truth in an area where only faith would suffice. <SEP> He would have to work without questioning the motives which made him work and content himself with the thought that the eventual victory however it was brought about would be sweet indeed. His first move was to send Hino to the village to spend a few days. <SEP> His arm had been giving him some trouble and Rector was not enough of a medical expert to determine whether it had healed improperly or whether Hino was simply rebelling against the tedious work in the print shop using the stiffness in his arm as an excuse. In any event Rector sent him to the local hospital to have it checked telling him to keep his ears open while he was in the village to see if he could find out what Kayabashi was planning. <SEP> Hino was elated at the prospect. He was allowed to spend his nights at an inn near the hospital and he was given some extra money to go to the pachinko parlor -- an excellent place to make contact with the enemy. <SEP> He left with all the joyous spirit of a child going on a holiday nodding attentively as Rector gave him his final instructions. He was to get involved in no arguments he was to try to make no converts he was simply to listen and report back what he heard. <SEP> It was a ridiculous situation and Rector knew it for Hino frankly partisan openly gregarious would make a poor espionage agent. If he wanted to know anything he would end up asking about it point-blank but in this guileless manner he would probably receive more truthful answers than if he tried to get them by indirection. <SEP> In all of his experience in the mission field Rector had never seen a convert quite like Hino. From the moment that Hino had first walked into the mission to ask for a job any job -- his qualifications neatly written on a piece of paper in a precise hand -- he had been ready to become a Christian. <SEP> He had already been studying the Bible he knew the fundamentals and after studying with Fletcher for a time he approached Rector announced that he wanted to be baptized and that was that. Rector had never been able to find out much about Hinos past. <SEP> Hino talked very little about himself except for the infrequent times when he used a personal illustration in connection with another subject. Putting the pieces of this mosaic together Rector had the vague outlines of a biography. <SEP> Hino was the fourth son of an elderly farmer who lived on the coast in Chiba and divided his life between the land and the sea supplementing the marginal livelihood on his small rented farm with seasonal employment on a fishing boat. Without exception Hinos brothers turned to either one or both of their fathers occupations but Hino showed a talent for neither and instead spent most of his time on the beach where he repaired nets and proved immensely popular as a storyteller. <SEP> He had gone into the Japanese navy had been trained as an officer had participated in one or two battles -- he never went into detail regarding his military experience -- and at the age of twenty-five quite as a bolt out of the blue he had walked into the mission as if he belonged here and had become a Christian. Rector was often curious often tempted to ask questions but he never did. <SEP> If and when Hino decided to tell him about his experiences he would do so unasked. Rector had no doubt that Hino would come back from the village bursting with information ready to impart it with his customary gusto liberally embellished with his active imagnation. <SEP> When the telephone rang on the day after Hino went down to the village Rector had a hunch it would be Hino with some morsel of information too important to wait until his return for there were few telephones in the village and the phone in Rectors office rarely rang unless it was important. He was surprised to find Kayabashis secretary on the other end of the line. <SEP> He was even more startled when he heard what Kayabashi wanted. The oyabun was entertaining a group of dignitaries the secretary said businessmen from Tokyo for the most part and Kayabashi wished to show them the mission. <SEP> They had never seen one before and had expressed a curiosity about it. Oh Rector said. <SEP> I guess it will be all right. When would the oyabun like to bring his guests up here <SEP> This afternoon the secretary said. At three oclock if it will be of convenience to you at that time. All right Rector said. <SEP> I will be expecting them. He was about to hang up the phone but a note of hesitancy in the secretarys voice left the conversation open. <SEP> He had something more to say. I beg to inquire if the back is now safe for travelers he said. <SEP> Rector laughed despite himself. Unless the oyabun has been working on it he said then checked himself and added : You can tell Kayabashi-san that the back road is in very good condition and will be quite safe for his party to use. Arigato gosaimasu. <SEP> The secretary sighed with relief and then the telephone clicked in Rectors hand. Rector had no idea why Kayabashi wanted to visit the mission. <SEP> For the oyabun to make such a trip was either a sign of great weakness or an indication of equally great confidence and from all the available information it was probably the latter. Kayabashi must feel fairly certain of his victory in order to make a visit like this a trip which could be so easily misinterpreted by the people in the village. <SEP> At the same time it was unlikely that any businessmen would spend a day in a Christian mission out of mere curiosity. No Kayabashi was bringing his associates here for a specific purpose and Rector would not be able to fathom it until they arrived. <SEP> When he had given the call a few moments thought he went into the kitchen to ask Mrs. Yamata to prepare tea and sushi for the visitors using the formal English china and the silver tea service which had been donated to the mission then he went outside to inspect the grounds. Fujimoto had a pile of cuttings near one side of the lawn. <SEP> Rector asked him to move it for the time being he wanted the mission compound to be effortlessly spotless. A good initial impression would be important now. <SEP> He went into the print shop where Fletcher had just finished cleaning the press. How many pamphlets do we have in stock Rector said. <SEP> I should say about a hundred thousand Fletcher said. Why I would like to enact a little tableau this afternoon Rector said <SEP> He explained about the visit and the effect he wished to create the picture of a very busy mission. He did not wish to deceive Kayabashi exactly just to display the mission activities in a graphic and impressive manner. <SEP> Fletcher nodded as he listened to the instructions and said he would arrange the things Rector requested. Rectors next stop was at the schoolroom where Mavis was monitoring a test. <SEP> He beckoned to her from the door and she slipped quietly outside. He told her of the visitors and then of his plans. <SEP> How many children do you have present today He said. She looked back toward the schoolroom. <SEP> Fifteen she said. No only fourteen. The little Ito girl had had to go home. <SEP> She has a pretty bad cold. I would like them to appear very busy today not busy exactly but joyous exuberant full of life. <SEP> I want to create the impression of a compound full of children. You think you can manage it <SEP> Mavis smiled. Ill try. <SEP> As Rector was walking back toward the residential hall Johnson came out of the basement and bounded up to him. The altercation in the coffee house had done little to dampen his spirits but he was still a little wary around Rector for they had not yet discussed the incident. <SEP> I think Ive fixed the pump so we wont have to worry about it for a long time he said. Ive adjusted the gauge so that the pump cuts out before the water gets too low. <SEP> Fine Rector said. He looked out over the expanse of the compound. <SEP> It was going to take a lot of activity to fill it. Have you ever operated a transit He said. <SEP> No sir Johnson said. You are about to become a first-class surveyor Rector said. <SEP> When Konishi gets back with the jeep I want you to round up two or three Japanese boys. Konishi can help you. <SEP> Youll find an old transit in the basement. The glass is out of it but that wont matter. <SEP> It looks pretty efficient and thats the important thing. He went on to explain what he had in mind. <SEP> Johnson nodded. He said he could do it. <SEP> Rector was warming to his over-all strategy by the time he got back to the residential hall. It was rather a childish game all in all but everybody seemed to be getting into the spirit of the thing and he could not remember when he had enjoyed planning anything quite so much. <SEP> He was not sure what effect it would have but that was really beside the point when you got right down to it. He was not going to lose the mission by default and whatever reason Kayabashi had for bringing his little sight-seeing group to the mission he was going to be in for a surprise. <SEP> He found Elizabeth in the parlor and asked her to make sure everything was in order in the residential hall and then to take charge of the office while the party was here. When everything had been done Rector went back to his desk to occupy himself with his monthly report until three oclock. <SEP> At two thirty he sent Fujimoto to the top of the wall at the northeast corner of the mission to keep an eye on the ridge road and give a signal when he first glimpsed the approach of Kayabashis party. Then Rector attired in his best blue serge suit sat in a chair out on the lawn in the shade of a tree smoking a cigarette and waiting. <SEP> The air was cooler here and the lacy pattern of the trees threw a dappled shadow on the grass an effect which he found pleasant.
cr02.txt:Realized that Hamlet was faced with an entirely different problem but his agony could have been no greater. <SEP> The most that was accomplished was adding Mrs. Beiges tray to the dish pile and by means of repeated threats on an ascending scale seeing that the girls dressed themselves after a fashion. I was saved from making the decision as the phone rang and the girls were upon me instantly. <SEP> Heres a household hint : if you cant find your children and get tired of calling them pick up the phone. No matter if your children are at the movies in school visiting their grandmother or on a field trip in some distant city they will be upon you magically within seconds after you pick up the phone. <SEP> Jennie and Miranda twined themselves around me murmuring endearments. Louise climbed onto a stool and clutched the hand with which I was trying to hold the phone claiming my immediate attention on grounds of extreme emergency. <SEP> Somehow managing to get out a cool poised Wont you hold on a second please I covered up the mouthpiece and with more warmth and less poise gave a quick lecture on crime and punishment mostly the latter including Devils Island and the remoter reaches of Siberia. I promised to illustrate the lecture if they so much as breathed till after the call was completed. <SEP> Speaking into the phone again and recognizing the caller I resumed my everyday voice. Soon we were deep in a conversation that was interrupted many times by little things like Jennies holding her breath and pretending to black out Mirandas dumping the contents of the sugar bowl on the table and various screeches thuds and giggles. <SEP> Under the circumstances I had difficulty keeping up with the conversation on the phone but when I hung up I was reasonably certain that Francesca had wanted to remind me of our town meeting the next evening and how important it was that Hank and I be there. I discovered that the girls had shrewdly vacated the kitchen and were playing quietly in the living room. <SEP> It seemed that I would be the gainer if I accepted the peace and quiet instead of carrying out my threats. Resolving to get something done I started in on the dishes. No. <SEP> Im not saying it right. What I meant to say was that I started to start in on the dishes by gathering them all together in the kitchen sink. <SEP> They looked so formidable however so demanding that I found myself staring at them in dismay and starting to woolgather again this time about Francesca and her husband. How about them I thought. <SEP> Francesca and Herbert were among the few people we knew in Catatonia. We didnt even know them till about a month after we moved -- at that time they had called on us after I met Fran at a PTA meeting and had taken us in hand socially. <SEP> They had been kind to us and we were indebted to them for one or two pleasant dinners and for information as to where to shop which dentist doctor plumber and sitter to call -LRB- not that there was much of a choice since Catatonia was just a village the yellow pages of the telephone book were amazingly thin -RRB-. They were personalities. <SEP> Herb an expert on narrow ties thin lapels and swatches was mens fashion editor of Parvenu the weekly magazine with the tremendous circulation. Fran and he had met about two years after she had arrived in Manhattan from Nebraska or was it Wyoming <SEP> She was the daughter and sole heiress of either a cattle baron or an oil millionaire and having arrived in New York with a big bank roll became a dabbler in various fields. She patronized Greenwich Village artists for awhile then put some money into a Broadway show which was successful -LRB- terrible but successful -RRB-. <SEP> It was during her writing period that she and Herb met and decided that they were in love. They were married at a lavish ceremony which was duly recorded in Parvenu and all other magazines and newspapers and then they honeymooned in Bermuda. No not Bermuda. <SEP> Bermuda was not in style that year. They had honeymooned in Rome everyone was very high on Rome that year. <SEP> They had bought their house in Catatonia after investigating all the regions of suburbia surrounding New York they had chosen Catatonia because of its reputation for excellent schools beaches and abundance of names. You are bound to get involved with people when you have children Fran had told me at our first meeting so it is good to know that those with whom you get involved are not just dreary little housewives and dull husbands but People Who Do Things. <SEP> I admired their easy way of doing things but I couldnt escape an uneasiness at their way of always doing the right things. Their house was a centuries-old Colonial which they had had restored -LRB- guided by an eminent architect -RRB- and updated and added on to. <SEP> It had a gourmets corner -LRB- instead of a kitchen -RRB- a breakfast room a luncheon room a dining room a sitting room a room for standing up a party room dressing rooms for everybody even a room for mud. It was all set up so there would be no dust anywhere and so that their children would color in the coloring room paint in the painting room play with blocks in the block house and do all the other things in the proper rooms at exactly the right time. <SEP> Their two boys were well adjusted and like their parents always did the right thing at the right time and damn the consequences. Francesca and Herbert considered themselves violently nonconformist and showed the world they were by filling their Colonial house with contemporary furniture and paintings and other art objects -LRB- expensive but not necessarily valuable contemporary things -RRB-. <SEP> Fran flaunted her independence by rebelling against the Catatonia uniform of Bermuda shorts and knee-length socks by wearing Bermuda shorts and knee-length socks in colors bright pinks and plaids and vivid stripes. Sometimes she even wore the uniform in solid unrelieved black and with her blonde hair cut so closely wearing this uniform she strongly resembled a member of the SS. <SEP> No one could dislike them I thought. Sometimes though they did not seem quite human. <SEP> It seemed indeed that their house was not so much a home but rather a perfect stage set and that they were actors who had been handed fat roles in a successful play and had talent enough to fill the roles competently with nice understatement. Practically the only enthusiasm they showed was when they were discussing names even brand names. <SEP> You should hear the reverence in Frans voice when she said Baccarat or Steuben or Madame Alexander. She always let it be known that there was wine in the pot roast or that the chicken had been marinated in brandy and that Koussevitzkys second cousin was an intimate of theirs. <SEP> I wouldnt have wasted time puzzling over this couple were it not for my fear that all the other inhabitants of Catatonia were equally unreal. I couldnt feel at home among them. <SEP> Besides Francesca there was Blanche. Francesca was pleasant and charming but Blanche was sweet. <SEP> Yes Blanche was very very sweet -- being in her company was like being drowned in warm melted marshmallows. I had once been a witness when Blanche had smiled and said with only minimum ruefulness Oh my souffle has collapsed. <SEP> Anyone knows how a real red-blooded woman would react to such a catastrophe If Blanche had been honest she would have yelled slammed at least a couple of doors and thrown a few little valueless things. But dear me no not Blanche. <SEP> After five minutes with Blanche one might welcome the astringency of Grazie who was a sort of Gwen Cafritz to Francescas Perle Mesta. Francesca and Grazie were habitual committee chairmen and they usually managed to be elected co-chairmen equal bosses of whatever PTA or civic project was being launched. <SEP> They were inseparable not because they were fond of each other but because they wanted to keep an eye on each other as they were keen rivals for social leadership. Grazie was mean : quietly mean and bitterly unfunnily sarcastic. <SEP> She it was who had looked to see if I was wearing shoes upon learning that I couldnt drive. Grazie had a small slick head and her hair and skin were the color of golden toast. <SEP> She lived in an ultra-modern house whose decoration appointments paint and even pets were chosen to complement her coloring the pets were a couple of Siamese cats. Her uniform was of rich raw silk in a shade which matched her hair skin housepaint and cats and since she was so thin as to be almost shapeless she rather resembled a frozen fish stick. <SEP> The husbands of these women and others I had met in Catatonia were distinguished only in that they were to me at least indistinguishable. I couldnt tell one from the other. <SEP> Like Herbert they were all in communications : radio television magazines and advertising. One or two were writers of books all were fellows of finite charm. <SEP> Each had developed a hair-trigger chuckle and the habit of saying zounds In deference to country-squirehood. I never thought Id live to hear people chuckle and say zounds In real life. <SEP> I wouldnt have missed it for anything. They were sincere -- men of the too-hearty handclasp and the urgent smile. <SEP> These boys acknowledged an introduction to anybody by gently pressing one of his hands in both of theirs while they gazed misty-eyed with care into the eyes of the person they were meeting. Such unadulterated love for a total stranger be credited <SEP> They were always leaping to light cigarettes open car doors fill plates or glasses and I mistrusted the whole lot of them to the same degree that I mistrusted bake shops that called themselves Sanitary Bake Shops. O Pioneers I thought and wondered what kind of homesteads such odd pioneers would establish in this suburban frontier pioneers who looked like off-duty gardeners even at parent-teacher conferences and who never called the school principal Mister. <SEP> I sighed thinking that among other things people here seemed to be those who would have to cut down if they earned less than $ U yearly people who would give their teeth for a chance to get on Person to Person people who thought it was nice to be important but not important to be nice who were more ingratiating than gracious more personalities than persons. In my estimation they were people who read Daphne du Maurier and discussed Kafka well not discussed him exactly but said Kafka Reverently and raised their eyes as if they were at a loss to describe how they felt about Kafka which they were because they had no opinions about Kafka not having read Kafka. <SEP> They were I felt people invariably trying to prove not who but what they were and trying to determine what not who others were. Becoming aware that it was nearly lunchtime I brought myself back to the tasks at hand. <SEP> I made plans for the afternoon -- doing the breakfast and luncheon dishes all at once making the beds and then maybe painting the kitchen. Then I remembered that the girls had had a banana for dessert every day for the last week. <SEP> Bananas Jennie had shouted each time. Theyre not dessert <SEP> Theyre not even food. Theyre just something youre supposed to put on cereal for breakfast. <SEP> I dug around and found a mix and was able to surprise them with a devils-food cake with chocolate icing. -LRB- Sometimes I think you need only one rule for cooking : if you cant put garlic in it put chocolate in it. -RRB- The cake was received in a stunned silence that was evidence in itself of the dearth of taste thrills Mama had been providing. <SEP> Then Jennie closed her eyes stretched forth her arms and said : Take my hand Louise Im a stranger in paradise.
cp08.txt:Steered me along toward a school for young boys beginning to study the Torah. <SEP> Bits of trash lay in the roadway. The air smelled warmish and foul. <SEP> A young man appeared out of a side alley and walked toward us with quick strides. He wore a long double-breasted coat of a heavy material dark trousers and black boots with buckles. <SEP> His black hat with its wide brim high crown and fur trim rode high. With his head erect he approached not glancing at us and passed by with his clear eyes raised and fixed straight ahead. <SEP> He had a pinkish-white complexion a small straight nose a short black beard and tightly curled paot. I was suddenly conscious of my bare arms. <SEP> The girls in the market place wore long-sleeved dresses and covered their legs with cloth stockings. I turned and watched him stride down the center of the road. <SEP> His hands were swinging at his sides and he passed through the dingy market place with his back straight and pivoting on his heel he entered an old stone building. Rachel had seen me watching the young man. <SEP> She smiled. When your mother was here he must have been a young boy. Like the ones you will see now. <SEP> I swallowed hard and looked down at my feet plodding along beside Rachel. She led me into a twisting side alley. <SEP> The dirty discolored buildings looked boarded up and their few windows stood high above our heads. Rachel said that schools and synagogues occupied most of the buildings. <SEP> We entered one where the front door stood ajar and climbed a flight of steep steps to the main floor. An old man with a white beard and dressed in a long shabby coat baggy trousers and a black skullcap greeted us. <SEP> Rachel talked to him. He nodded clasping and unclasping his hands over his paunch and flicked glances at me. <SEP> I thought he would ask us to leave because Rachel and I were bare-armed but he looked down into his beard and preceded us down the corridor. His toes pointed out toward the walls. <SEP> He stopped in front of a door placed a finger on his lips and still peering down into his beard pushed open the door to a classroom. We stepped inside. <SEP> He left us. Little boys crowded together on long wooden benches and in the center of the room sat the teacher. <SEP> His black beard dripped down over the front of his coat. One white hand poised a stick above his desk. <SEP> He turned his surly half-closed eyes toward us stared for a second then shouted in Yiddish One two three Rapping the stick against the desk. The little boys shrilled out a Yiddish translation or interpretation of the Five Books of Moses which they had previously chanted in Hebrew. <SEP> They chanted a fixed tune in time to the report of the stick. Each boy opened his small mouth wide and rocked back and forth on the bench in the way his grandfather and great-grandfather had studied and prayed in the ghettos of Europe. <SEP> The boys were tiny. They had large bright eyes the small upturned noses of all babies everywhere and hair cropped short except for the long ringlets of paot framing their little white faces. <SEP> They bent over yellowed prayerbooks and looked up only to watch the teacher. Since they did not glance curiously at us once I guessed that there was a penalty for distraction. <SEP> The guttural language from the ghetto stopped. The teacher plunged the children into a new portion this time in Hebrew rapping the stick incessantly. <SEP> One boy who rocked back and forth over his worn book had bright red hair and freckles. His tightly curled paot hung down to his narrow shoulders. <SEP> In the center of his brilliant curls sat a small black skullcap. His head barely rose above the table. <SEP> I stared at him for a long time. He did not return my interest. <SEP> My eyes traveled over the bare walls and up to the one partially open window high above the little figures and back to the boys. Some of them ignored the texts and had apparently memorized the words long ago. <SEP> They singsonged the portion at the teacher who accompanied them in an off-key baritone and spurred them on with the stick. The tapping defined the rhythm and kept the boys awake. <SEP> I could not keep my eyes away from the boy with the red hair. His body pitched back and forth on the bench. <SEP> His front teeth were missing. I shuddered and backed out of the room. <SEP> Rachel followed looked at me and clucked with her tongue. We walked down the cool hall silently. <SEP> From behind us came the rapping of the stick and the high-pitched voices of the boys who would grow to devote their lives to rigid study and prayer. I said How long do they keep that up <SEP> All day she said. Except for Shabbat when they are praying all day. I rubbed my hands together. <SEP> They had turned numb and prickly in the classroom. The old man in the baggy clothes waited at the foot of the steps. <SEP> He glanced down into his beard and muttered something in Yiddish. Rachel said He asks for money. <SEP> She passed by him. I reached into the pocket of my skirt fingered ten pruta and dropped the coin. <SEP> Then I picked it up again and handed it to the old man. He thanked me. <SEP> I didnt look at him. I grinned at Rachel. <SEP> Does this bother you I said. She smiled to herself. <SEP> Most of our Sabras think its horrible. When we were fighting a few of our orthodox people were lying down in the roads so we could not pass. <SEP> They said that we must not fight but wait for the Messiah. I was amazed. <SEP> You had to have convictions to lie down in the road in all those clothes and appear as though you might wish to turn yourself out of your own home. You had to be stupid or crazy or immortal. <SEP> I wasnt. I was American. <SEP> You had to know also that you were going to fail. All of it might have been heroic but they had done it in the wrong place. <SEP> I resented them. Rachel faced me. <SEP> Her bright eyes were twinkling. She said Sometimes I think they are keeping religion for us while we play around. <SEP> Your mother hated this way of life. She wished to change much for the children here. <SEP> I said quietly respectfully What did she do here In this section Rachel clicked her tongue behind her teeth. Here nothing. <SEP> When she saw the children you have just visited she wanted to take them away and put them out in the country in the kibbutzim. She loved the children. <SEP> She was a strange woman your mother. When she loved it was with a passion that drove her along and carried along with her those things she loved. <SEP> Nothing was too impossible for her to do when she wanted. She stayed here to work for Aliah. <SEP> For many immigrants for many children the first thing they knew of Israel and freedom was your mother. Sometimes it was dangerous for her. <SEP> Rachel grinned slyly. She loved danger. <SEP> She took it with her wherever she went she chose it. I think she sought out danger as much as she sought out helping other people. <SEP> She was most strange woman. Ready to follow her impulse. It was an impulse when she was here in Mea Shearim -- I was with her -- that led her to stay in Israel. <SEP> Your mother wanted to bring children to Israel so that they could leave their ghettos. Here they did not need to be in ghettos. <SEP> If she could not take the children out of this section at least she could take other children out of their countries and put them on the farms. She set out to make sure that no Jewish child anyplace in the world had to live in a place such as this. <SEP> I said quietly gaining nerve ready to ask any question at all no matter how intimate ready to be rebuffed Then why did she leave Israel Id like to know that very much. <SEP> Rachel clasped her hands together and slowed her pace. The soles of her sandals reported sharply on the cobblestones. <SEP> She pursed her lips then clamped them together so tightly that I thought she was angry with me. She sighed and her face relaxed. <SEP> Trouble came into her life. She had good friends here people who liked her. <SEP> Who loved her. She had to go out and hurt herself. <SEP> There was a man here in town. He helped her meet people so she could go out and do the work she wanted. <SEP> She worked very hard. There was a refugee who was able to come here because of her. <SEP> He came with his son. At first I thought they were relatives of your mother but it was not so. <SEP> This refugee was a middle-aged man a big handsome man with a strut to his walk as I have never before seen. He had the black numerals on his arm so he had been branded in a concentration camp. <SEP> He walked like a young man. Often he was terribly despondent and talked to no one. <SEP> Then he would walk off for a few days alone in the direction of Europe. All his family was dead except for his son. <SEP> Your mother would always retrieve him when he wandered off and she would send him home to his son. He loved the son and was always glad to be sent back to him. <SEP> Then his son did something -- Rachel threw up her hands -- I dont know what but something to an official here -- it was during the Mandate -- and the son was imprisoned. A few hours after the son was arrested your mother was informed. <SEP> She ran from a little group of us. We were sitting together talking. <SEP> She went to the father and found he had hanged himself. Rachel paused. <SEP> It was silent in the stone alley. Then she continued with energy I myself did not see her until a week after she had run off to find the father. <SEP> No one saw her except the man Reuveni. Yes I said. <SEP> I know him. Rachel gave me a direct bright-eyed look. <SEP> She said Reuveni wanted your mother to give up her deep interest in this refugee. He said she would only hurt herself. <SEP> He complained to me once that I must talk to her. When I did she shrugged her shoulders and said that Reuveni wanted her to marry him. <SEP> I asked her if she would and she said she would not. He had known when he first helped her to meet the right people and work with them that she did not intend to marry him. <SEP> Anyway I did not see her until two weeks after the refugee hanged himself. She came to me one day. <SEP> She was pale and skinny she was terribly alone. She said that after this man had been dead for a week she had gone to Reuveni and accepted his proposal. <SEP> He shouted at her and told her he loved her and couldnt understand why she had upset herself. Now he was happy she would let him straighten out her life and take care of her. <SEP> He would never let her harm herself again. For one whole week he never let her stay alone. <SEP> She let him lead her around. He took her to a doctor for she was run down nervous did not care where she was. <SEP> Reuveni took her with him wherever he went. He did not let her talk to people he did not let her choose her own food. <SEP> She was limp and beaten from her loss she did not care.
cf12.txt:Time to time the medium mentions other people around him who were on the other side and reports what they are saying. <SEP> After a while there come initials and names and he is interested to hear some rather unusual family nicknames. As the hour progresses the sensitive seems to probe more deeply and to make more personal and specific statements. <SEP> There are a few prognoses of coming events. Another medium another sitter would produce a somewhat different content but in general it would probably sound much like the foregoing reading. <SEP> Some mediums speak in practical down-to-earth terms while others may stress the spiritual. Not all as a matter of fact consider themselves mediums in the sense of receiving messages from the deceased. <SEP> In fact some sensitives rule this out preferring to consider their expression as strictly extra-sensory perception -LRB- ESP -RRB- on this side of the veil. However that may be people are known to go to mediums for diverse reasons. <SEP> Perhaps they are mourning a recent death and want comfort to feel in touch with the deceased or seek indications for future plans. They may of course be curiosity seekers -- or they may just be interested in the phenomenon of mediumship. <SEP> The mediums with whom the Parapsychology Foundation is working in this experiment are in a waking or only slightly dissociated state so that the sitter can make comments ask and answer questions instead of talking with a control who speaks through an entranced sensitive. What we have here is in some ways more like an ordinary conversation. <SEP> It is not really only a conversation. Many a sitter -LRB- in a personal sitting -RRB- has been amazed to realize that the medium was describing very vividly his state of mind. <SEP> He himself might not have been really aware of his own mood it had been latent unspecified semi-conscious and only partly realized -- until she described it to him Most striking indeed is this beyond-normal ability to put a finger on pre-conscious moods and to clarify them. <SEP> However in the next visit that the researcher made to the medium he did not receive a personal reading. Instead he brought with him the names of some people he had never met and of whom the medium knew nothing. <SEP> This was to be a proxy sitting. As was noted earlier it is important that in valid objective study of this sort of communication the interested sitter should be separated from the sensitive. <SEP> Dr. Karlis Osis Director of Research at the Parapsychology Foundation described the basis for the experiment in a tomorrow article -LRB- New Research On Survival After Death Spring -RRB-. He remarked : It has been clearly established that in a number of instances the message did not come from a spirit but was received telepathically by the medium from the sitter. <SEP> The possibility has to be ruled out that the mediums ESP may tap the memory of the sitter and to do this the two central characters in this drama must be separated. One way to do this is by proxy sittings wherein the person seeking a message does not himself meet with the medium but is represented by a substitute the proxy sitter. <SEP> If the latter knows nothing about the absent sitter except his name -LRB- given by the experimenter -RRB- he can not possibly give any clues conscious or unconscious far less ask leading questions. All he can do is to be an objective and careful questioner seeking to help the sensitive in clarifying and making more specific her paranormal impressions. <SEP> Sometimes in these experiments appointment sittings are used. Here the absent sitter makes a date with a communicator -LRB- someone close to him who is deceased -RRB- asking him to come in at a certain hour when a channel will be open for him. <SEP> In this case the proxy sitter will know only the name of the communicator nothing else. He gives this to the medium at the appointed time and the reading then will be concerned with material about or messages from the communicator. <SEP> As always a tape recording or detailed notes are made and a typescript of this is sent to the absent sitter. This proxy situation has set up at least a partial barrier between the mediums ESP and the absent sitters mind. <SEP> It is now harder to assume telepathy as a basis for the statements -- though research still does not know how far afield ESP can range. Now the original absent sitter must decide whether the statements are meaningful to him. <SEP> Here again laboratory approaches are being evolved for it is recognized how elastic these readings can be how they can apply to many people and are often stated in general terms all too easily applied to any individuals own case. If you look at a reading meant for someone else you will probably see that many of the items could be considered as applicable to you even when you were not in the picture at all <SEP> An interested sitter may think the sensitive has made a hit describing something accurately for him but can he really be sure that another sitter hearing the same statement would not apply it subjectively to his own circumstances It is of course easy to see how J will mean Uncle Jack to one person and little Jane to another. <SEP> A journey a little white house a change of outlook can apply to many people. Even more complex items can be interpreted to conform to ones own point of view which is by nature so personal. <SEP> One sitter may think a leather couch identifies a reading as surely directed to him to another it seems that nobody but his father ever used the phrase Atta boy To get around this quite difficult corner there is one first aid to objectiveness : prevent the distant sitter from knowing which reading was for him. <SEP> If he is not told which of four or five readings was meant for him he can more readily assess each item in a larger frame : Does that statement really sound as if it were for me significant in my particular life I taking something that could really apply to almost anybody and forgetting that many other people probably have had a similar experience <SEP> Conversely experimenters would consider as impressive such statements as the following which if they turned out to be hits are so unusual as to be really significant : He had four children two sets of twins. After being a lawyer for twenty-five years he started studying for the ministry. <SEP> Part of his house had been moved to the other side of the road. He died of typhoid in. <SEP> Methods have been developed of assigning weights to statements that is it is known empirically that names beginning with R are more common than those beginning with Z that fewer women are named Miranda than Elizabeth that in the United States more people die of heart disease than of smallpox. Each reading can be given a weight and each reading a score by adding up these weights. <SEP> Specific dates would be important as would double names. Various categories have been explored to find out about these empirical probabilities against which to measure the readings. <SEP> In the parapsychology foundations long-range experiment readings are made by a variety of sensitives for a large number of cooperating sitters trying to throw light on this question of the significance of mediumistic statements. It is very important indeed in the field of extra-sensory perception and its relation to the survival hypothesis to know whether the statements are actually only those which any intuitive person might venture and an eager sitter attach to himself. <SEP> On the other hand are unlikely facts being stated facts which are in themselves significant and not easily applicable to everybody That is one thing the experiments are designed to find out. <SEP> After the sitting has been held several readings at one time are mailed and the distant sitter -LRB- whose name or whose communicators name was given to the medium -RRB- must mark each little item as Correct -LRB- Hit -RRB- Incorrect -LRB- Miss -RRB- Doubtful or Especially Significant -LRB- applying to him and he feels not to anyone else -RRB-. He is required to mark every item and to indicate which reading he feels is actually his. <SEP> All these evaluations are then totted up and tabulated by adding up the Hits and Significants with the weight placed on those in the sitters own reading. That is if he marks as most correct a reading not meant for him the total experimental score falls. <SEP> Conversely if he gives a heavy rating to his own reading and finds more accurate facts in it than in the others a point is chalked up for the intrinsic objective meaningfulness of this type of mediumistic material. There are some positive results though the final findings will not be known for a long time -- and then further research can be formulated. <SEP> In another approach to the same procedure the content of the readings is analyzed so as to see how the particular medium is likely to slant her statements. She often speak of locations of cause of death <SEP> she accurately give dates ages kind of occupation It is possible to find out in which categories most of her correct statements fall and where she makes most of her hits. <SEP> Now when so to speak the cream has been skimmed off and the items in the successful categories separated out the sitter can be asked to consider and rate only this concentrated cream where the sensitive is at her best. Mediumistic impressions are evidently of all sorts and seem to involve all the senses. <SEP> I feel cold the medium says or My leg aches My head is heavy. Perhaps she hears words or sounds : Theres such a noise of loud machinery or I hear a child crying or He says were all here and glad to see you. <SEP> Maybe an entire scene comes into consciousness with action and motion or a static view : a house under a pine tree with a little stone path going up to the door. The sensitive often seems to smell definite odors too or subjectively feels emotions. <SEP> Sometimes she displays amazing eidetic imagery and seems to see all details in perspective as if the scene were actually there. If pressed by the sitter for more detail she may be able to bring the picture more into focus and see more sharply almost as if she were physically going closer. <SEP> If asked how she gets her impressions she probably can only say that she just gets them -- some more vividly than others. Perhaps this is not so extraordinary after all. <SEP> Even in normal experience one gets impressions without knowing exactly how -- of atmosphere of one anothers personalities moods intentions. Of course there is an element of training here : these gifted people by concentration study guidance have learned to develop their power. <SEP> Simply using it increases its intensity I was told by one sensitive. A medium automatically know how to interpret her imagery. <SEP> Impressions often appear in a symbolic form and can not be taken at face value. It is apparently by symbols that the unconscious speaks to the conscious and the medium has to translate these into meaning. <SEP> If communication with an entity on the other side is taking place this too may assume the form of clairvoyant symbolism. During one reading an image appeared of a prisoner in irons. <SEP> But this did not necessarily refer to an actual jail taken with other details it could have referred to a state of mental or spiritual confinement. In this connection it is worth noting how names are sometimes obtained. <SEP> Though they are often heard clairaudiently as if a voice were speaking them in other cases they are apprehended visually as symbols : a slope to signify the name Hill for instance. One medium saw two sheets flapping on a line and found that the name Shietz was significant to the sitter.
cf30.txt:By ancient elms the campus is spacious and beautiful. <SEP> The buildings are mostly Georgian. The Dartmouth student does not live in monastic seclusion as he once did. <SEP> His is still a simple life relatively free of the female presence or influence and he must go far even though he may go fast for sophisticated pleasures. He is still heir to the rare gifts of space and silence if he chooses to be. <SEP> He is by no means the country boy he might have been in the last century down from the hills with bear grease on his hair and a zeal for book learning in his heart. The mens shops on Hanovers Main Street compare favorably with those in Princeton and New Haven. <SEP> The automobiles that stream out of Hanover each weekend toward Smith and Wellesley and Mount Holyoke are no less rakish than those leaving Cambridge or West Philadelphia. There has always been an outdoor air to Dartmouth. <SEP> The would-be sophisticate and the citybred youth adopt this air without embarrassment. No one here pokes fun at manly virtues. <SEP> This gives rise to an easy camaraderie probably unequaled elsewhere in the Ivy League. It even affects the faculty. <SEP> Thus when Dartmouths Winter Carnival -- widely recognized as the greatest wildest roaringest college weekend anywhere any time -- was broadcast over a national television hookup Prexy John Sloan Dickey appeared on the screen in rugged winter garb topped off by a tam-o-shanter which he confessed had been acquired from a Smith girl. President Dickeys golden retriever frolicking in the snow at his feet added to the picture of masculine informality. <SEP> This carefree disdain for side cropped up again in the same television broadcast. Dean Thaddeus Seymour wearing ski clothes was crowning a beauteous damsel queen of the Carnival. <SEP> She must have looked temptingly pretty to the dean as he put the crown on her head. He kissed her. <SEP> No Dartmouth man was surprised. Dartmouth students enjoy other unusual diversions with equal sang-froid. <SEP> For example groups regularly canoe down the Connecticut River. This is in honor of John Ledyard class of who scooped a canoe out of a handy tree and first set the course way back in his own student days. <SEP> These hardy travelers are not unappreciated today. They are hailed by the nations press and Smith girls throng the riverbanks at Northampton and refresh the voyageurs with hot soup and kisses. <SEP> Dartmouths favorite and most characteristic recreation is skiing. Since the days when their two thousand pairs of skis outnumbered those assembled anywhere else in the United States the students have stopped regarding the Olympic Ski Team as another name for their own. <SEP> Yet Dartmouth still is the dominant member of the Intercollegiate Ski Union which includes the winter sports colleges of Canada as well as those of this country. Dartmouth students ski everywhere in winter starting with their own front door. <SEP> They can hire a horse and go ski-joring behind him or move out to Oak Hill where theres a lift. The Dartmouth Skiway at Holts Ledge ten miles north of the campus has one of the best terrains in the East ranging from novice to expert. <SEP> Forty miles farther north is Mount Moosilauke Dartmouths own mountain. Here at the Ravine Lodge President Dickey acts as host every year to about a hundred freshmen who are being introduced by the Dartmouth Outing Club to life on the trails. <SEP> The Lodge built of hand-hewn virgin spruce can handle fifty people for dining sleeping or lounging in its huge living room. The Outing Club also owns a chain of fourteen cabins and several shelters extending from the Vermont hills just across the river from the college through Hanover to the College Grant -- acres of wilderness miles north up in the logging country. <SEP> The cabins are equipped with bunks blankets and cooking equipment and are ideal bases for hikes and skiing trips. The club runs regular trips to the cabins but many of the students prefer to take off in small unofficial groups for a weekend of hunting fishing climbing or skiing. <SEP> Under the auspices of the Outing Club Dartmouth also has the Mountaineering Club which takes on tough climbs like Mount McKinley and Bait & Bullet whose interests are self-evident and even sports a Woodmans Team which competes with other New England colleges in wood sawing and chopping canoe races and the like. There is much to be said for a college that while happily attuned to the sophisticated Ivies still gives its students a chance to get up early in the morning and drive along back roads where a glimpse of small game deer or even bear is not uncommon. <SEP> City boys find a lot of learning in the feel of an ax handle or in the sharp tang of a sawmill come upon suddenly in a backwoods logging camp. On the summit of Mount Washington where thirty-five degrees below zero is commonplace and the wind velocity has registered higher than anywhere else in the world there is a kind of wisdom to be found that other men often seek in the Himalayas because it is there. <SEP> There is much to be said for such a college -- and Dartmouth men have been accused of saying it too often and too loudly. Their affection for their college home has even caused President Dickey to comment on this place loyalty as something rather specially Hanoverian. <SEP> Probably a lawyer once said it best for all time in the Supreme Court of the United States. Early in the nineteenth century the State of New Hampshire was casting about for a way to found its own state university. <SEP> It fixed on Dartmouth College which was ready-made and just what the proctor ordered. The legislators decided to liberate Dartmouth and entered into a tug-o-war with the college trustees over the control of classrooms faculty and chapel. <SEP> For a time there were two factions on the campus fighting for possession of the student body. The struggle was resolved in in the Supreme Court in one of the most intriguing cases in our judicial history. <SEP> In the lawyers were generally debating the legal inviolability of private contracts and charters. A lawyer hired by the college was arguing specifically for Dartmouth : Daniel Webster class of made her plight the dramatic focus of his whole plea. <SEP> In an age of oratory he was the king of orators and both he himself and Chief Justice Marshall were bathed in manly tears as Uncle Danl reached his thundering climax : It is sir as I have said a small college and yet there are those who love it. Dartmouth is today still a small college -- and still a private one thanks to Websters eloquence. <SEP> This is not out of keeping with its origins probably the most humble of any in the Ivy group. Eleazar Wheelock a Presbyterian minister founded the school in naming it after the second earl of Dartmouth its sponsor and benefactor. <SEP> Eleazar pausing on the Hanover plain found its great forests and remoteness good and with his own hands built the first College Hall a log hut dedicated for the education & instruction of Youth of the Indian Tribes in this Land in reading writing & all parts of learning which shall appear necessary and expedient for civilizing & christianizing Children of Pagans as well as in all liberal Arts and Sciences and also of English Youth and any others. It was a hardy undertaking and Wheelocks was indeed a voice crying in the wilderness. <SEP> A road had to be hacked through trackless forests between Hanover and Portsmouth to permit Governor Wentworth and a company of gentlemen to attend the first Dartmouth commencement in. The governor and his retinue thoughtfully brought with them a glorious silver punchbowl which is still one of the cherished possessions of the college. <SEP> The exuberance on this occasion set a standard for subsequent Dartmouth gatherings. A student orator produced tears from a great number of the learned even before the punch was served. <SEP> Then from the branches of a near-by tree an Indian underclassman disdaining both the platform and the English language harangued the assemblage in his aboriginal tongue. Governor Wentworth contributed an ox for a barbecue on the green beneath the three-hundred-foot pines and a barrel of rum was broached. <SEP> The cook got drunk and President Wheelock proved to be a man of broad talents by carving the ox himself. Future commencements were more decorous perhaps but the number of graduates increased from the original four at a relatively slow pace. <SEP> By the end of the nineteenth century in when the Big Three Columbia and Penn were populous centers of learning Dartmouth graduated only sixty-nine. The dormitories including the beloved Dartmouth Hall could barely house two hundred students in Spartan fashion. <SEP> Then in Dr. William Jewett Tucker became president and the colleges great awakening began. He transformed Dartmouth from a small New Hampshire institution into a national college. <SEP> By the number of undergraduates had risen to. At his last commencement in that year Dr. Tucker and Dartmouth were honored by the presence of distinguished academic visitors attesting to the new stature of the college. <SEP> The presidents of Cornell Wisconsin C.C.N.Y. Bowdoin Vermont Brown Columbia Princeton Yale and Harvard and the presidents emeritus of Harvard and Michigan were there. Dartmouth is numerically still a small college today with approximately twenty-nine hundred undergraduates. <SEP> It has achieved a cross-section of students from almost all the states and two-thirds of its undergraduates come from outside New England. Over different schools are usually represented in each entering class. <SEP> Only a dozen or so schools send as many as six students and there are seldom more than fifteen men in any single delegation. About two-thirds of the boys now come from public schools. <SEP> It is still a college only and not a university it is in fact the only college in the Ivy group. However three distinguished associated graduate schools offer professional curriculums -- the Dartmouth Medical School -LRB- third oldest in the country and founded in -RRB- the Thayer School of Engineering and the Amos Tuck School of Business Administration. <SEP> All three are purposely kept small with a current total enrollment of about two hundred. All three schools coordinate their educational programs with that of the undergraduate college and like the college proper place emphasis upon a broad liberal arts course as the proper foundation for specialized study. <SEP> Students of the college who are candidates for the A.B. Degree and can satisfy the academic requirements of the medical and business schools may enter either of these associated schools at the beginning of senior year thus completing the two-year postgraduate course in one year. The Thayer School offers a year of postgraduate study in somewhat the same way after a boy wins a B.S. In engineering. <SEP> Dartmouth is moving closer to the others in the Ivy group. It is still however the junior member of the League if not in years at least in the catching up it has had to do. <SEP> It has not been a well-known school for any part of the span the other Ivies have enjoyed. However much football has been over-emphasized the public likes to measure its collegiate favorites by the scoreboard so while Yale need never give its record a thought again since outscoring its opponents to in the season of Dartmouth had to wait until its championship team of for national recognition. <SEP> It has come on with a rush in more significant areas. Today it espouses certain ideas in its curriculum that other institutions might consider somewhat breathtaking. <SEP> But Dartmouth preserves its youthful brashness even in its educational attitudes and although some of its experiments may still be in the testing stage they make for lively copy. President Emeritus Hopkins once proposed to corral an aristocracy of brains in Hanover.
cg33.txt:Likely you simply told yourself as you handed us the book that it mattered little what we incanted providing we underwent the discipline of incantation. <SEP> For prides sake I will not say that the coy and leering vade mecum of those verses insinuated itself into my soul. Besides that particular message does no more than weakly echo the roar in all fresh blood. <SEP> What you could not know of course was how smoothly the Victorian Fitzgerald was to lead into an American Fitzgerald of my own vintage under whose banner we adolescents were to come if not of age then into a bright taut semblance of it. I do not suppose you ever heard of F. Scott Fitzgerald living or dead and moreover I do not suppose that even if you had his legend would have seemed to you to warrant more than a cluck of disapproval. <SEP> Neither his appetites his exacerbations nor his despair were kin to yours. He might have been the man in the moon for all you could have understood him. <SEP> He was no man in the moon to me. Although his tender nights were not the ones I dreamed of nor was it for yachts sports cars tall drinks and swimming pools nor yet for money or what money buys that I burned I too was burning and watching myself burn. <SEP> The flame was simply of a different kind. It was symbolized -LRB- at least for those of us who recognized ourselves in the image -RRB- by that self-consuming elegiac candle of Edna St. Vincent Millays that candle which from the quatrain where she ensconced it became a beacon to us but which in point of fact would have had to be as tall as a funeral taper to last even the evening let alone the night. <SEP> One should not of course pluck the head off a flower and expect its perfume to linger on. Yet this passion for passion now that I look back on it with passion spent seems somewhat overblown and operatic though as a diva Miss Millay perfectly controlled her notes. <SEP> Only what else was she singing but the old Song of Songs that most ancient of tunes that nature plays with such unfailing response upon young nerves Perhaps this is not so little. <SEP> Perhaps the mere fact that by plucking on the nerves nature can awaken in the most ordinary of us temporarily anyway the sleeping poet and in poets can discover their immortality is the most remarkable of all the remarkable phenomena to which we can attest One can see it as humiliating that an extra hormone casually fed into our chemistry may induce us to lay down our lives for a lover or a friend one can take it as no more than another veil torn from the mystery of the soul. <SEP> It could also be looked at from the other end of the spectrum. One could see this chemical determinant as in itself a miracle. <SEP> In any case Miss Millays sweet-throated bitterness her variations on the theme that the world was not only well lost for love but even well lost for lost love her constant and wonderfully tragic posture so unlike that of Fitzgerald since it required no scenery or props drew from the me that I was when I fell upon her verses an overwhelming yea. But all this I am well aware is the bel canto of love and although I have always liked to think that it was to the bel canto and to that alone that I listened I know well enough that it was not. <SEP> If I am to speak the whole truth about my knowledge of love I will have to stop trying to emulate the transcendant nightingale. There is another side of love more nearly symbolized by the croak of the mating capercailzie or better still perhaps by the mute antics of the slug. <SEP> Whether you experienced the passion of desire I have of course no way of knowing nor indeed have I wished with even the most fleeting fragment of a wish to know for the fact that one constitutes by ones mere existence so to speak the proof of some sort of passion makes any speculation upon this part of ones parents experience more immodest more scandalizing more deeply unwelcome than an obscenity from a stranger. I recoil from the very thought. <SEP> At the same time I am aware that my recoil could be interpreted by readers of the tea leaves at the bottom of my psyche as an incestuous sign since theirs is a science of paradox : if one hates they say it is because one loves if one bullies they say it is because one is afraid if one shuns they say it is because one desires and according to them whatever one fancies one feels what one feels in fact is the opposite. Well normally abnormal or normally normal neurotic or merely fastidious -LRB- do the tea-leaf readers by the way allow psyches to have moral taste -RRB- I have never wanted to know what you knew of passion. <SEP> You probably would not remember since you never seemed to remember even the same moments as I much less their intensity one sunny midday on Fifth Avenue when you had set out with me for some final shopping less than a week before the wedding you staged for me with such reluctance at the Farm. I can see us now. <SEP> We had been walking quite briskly for despite your being so small and me so tall your stride in those days could easily match mine. We had stopped before a shop window to assess its autumnal display when you suddenly turned to me looking up from beneath one of your wrong hats and with your nervous ahem Said : There are things I must tell you about this man you are marrying which he does not know himself. <SEP> If you had screamed right there in the street where we stood I could not have felt more fear. With scarcely a mumble of excuse I fled. <SEP> I fled however not from what might have been the natural fear of being unable to disguise from you that the things about my bridegroom -- in the sense you meant the word things -- which you had been galvanizing yourself to tell me as a painful part of your maternal duty were things which I had already insisted upon finding out for myself -LRB- despite I may now say the unspeakable awkwardness of making the discovery on principle yes on principle and in cold blood -RRB- because I was resolved as a modern woman not to be a mollycoddle waiting for Life but to seize Life by the throat. I had developed too foolproof a facade to be afraid of self-betrayal. <SEP> What I fled from was my fear of what unwittingly you might betray without meaning to about my father and yourself. I can see from this latest trick of memory how much more arbitrary and influential it is than the will. <SEP> While my memory holds with relentless tenacity as I can not too often stress to my wrongs when it comes to my shames it gestures and jokes and toys with chronology like a prestidigitator in the hope of distracting me from them. Just as I was about to enlarge upon my discovery of the underside of the leaf of love memory displeased at being asked to yield its unsavory secrets dashed ahead of me calling back over its shoulder : Skip it. <SEP> Cut it out. I will not skip it or cut it out. <SEP> It is not my intention in this narrative to picture myself as a helpless victim moored to the rock of experience and left to the buffetings of chance. If to be innocent is to be helpless then I had been -- as are we all -- helpless at the start. <SEP> The time came when I was no longer innocent and therefore no longer helpless. Helpless in that sense I can never be again. <SEP> However I confess my hope that I will be innocent again not with a pristine accidental innocence but rather with an innocence achieved by the slow cutting away of the flesh to reach the bone. Innocence of all the graces of the spirit is I believe the one most to be prayed for. <SEP> Although it is constantly made to look foolish -LRB- too simple to come in out of the rain people say who have found in the innocent an impediment -RRB- it does not mind looking foolish because it is not concerned with how it looks. It assumes that things are as they seem when they seem best and when they seem worst it overlooks them. <SEP> To innocence a word given is a word that will be kept. Instinctively innocence does unto others as it expects to be done by. <SEP> When these expectations are once too often ground into the dust innocence can falter since its strength is according to the strength of him who possesses it. The innocence of which I speak is I know not incorruptible. <SEP> I insist upon believing that even when it is lost it may like paradise be regained. However it was not of innocence in general that I was speaking but of perhaps the frailest and surely the least important side of it which is innocence in romantic love. <SEP> Here if anywhere it is not wholly incontrovertible. To you for instance the word innocence in this connotation probably retained its Biblical or should I say technical sense and therefore I suppose I must make myself quite clear by saying that I lost -- or rather handed over -- what you would have considered to be my innocence two weeks before I was legally entitled and in fact by oath required to hand it over along with what other goods and bads I had. <SEP> To me innocence is far less tangible. I had long since begun to lose my general innocence when I lost my trust in you but this special innocence I lost before ever I loved through my discovery that one could tremble with desire and even experience a flaming delight that had nothing nothing whatever to do with friendship or liking let alone with love. <SEP> I knew this knowledge to be corrupting at the time I acquired it today these many years later after all the temptations resisted or yielded to the weasel satisfactions and the engulfing dissatisfactions since endured I call it corrupting still. You I could swear to it remained innocent in this sense until the end. <SEP> Yours but not mine was an age in which innocence was fostered and carefully -- if not perhaps altogether innocently -- preserved. You had grown up at a time when the most distinguishing mark of a lady was the noli me tangere writ plain across her face. <SEP> Moreover because of the particular blot on your family escutcheon through what may only have been one unbridled moment on your grandmothers part and because you had the lean-to kitchen and trundle bed of your childhood to outgrow what you obviously most desired with both your conscious and unconscious person what you bent your whole will sensibility and intelligence upon was to be a lady. Before being daughter wife or mother before being cultured -LRB- a word now bereft both socially and politically of the sheen you children of frontiersmen bestowed on it -RRB- before being sorry for the poor progressive about public health and prettily if somewhat imprecisely humanitarian indeed first and foremost you were a lady. <SEP> There was of course more to the portrait of a lady you carried in your minds eye than the sine qua non of her virtue. A lady you made clear to me both by precept and example never raised her voice or slumped in her chair never failed in social tact -LRB- in heaven for instance would not mention St. John the Baptists head -RRB- never pouted or withdrew or scandalized in company never reminded others of her physical presence by unseemly sound or gesture never indulged in public scenes or private confidences never spoke of money save in terms of alleviating suffering never gossiped or maligned never stressed but always minimized the hopelessness of anything from sin to death itself.
cn22.txt:Guess he spent the morning getting himself all organized then headed for home. Maybe to beat up on his squaw. <SEP> Benson looked up and saw Rameys long head tilt forward to rub his chin on the stiff edge of the overall bib. Ramey reached out with the tire iron and dislodged a chunk of mud that was caked on the spare tire rack. Id like to know just which it is that those guys dont understand the liquor or automobiles. <SEP> Somehow the thought of a simple man bewildered by things no one had ever really helped him understand moved the driver. For a moment his hatred toward drunken or careless drivers softened. <SEP> Maybe the Indian wasnt too much at fault Ramey thought. Maybe he was only doing the best he knew how like any of us. <SEP> Anyway he doesnt deserve to lie there in the sun and be stared at. Ever see yourself spread out on the pavement Benny He said to his partner. <SEP> You mean dream Not exactly. Just see it. Benson grinned and flipped a rock with his thumb like a marble. <SEP> Nope just you all the time -- sometimes I think its the only way Ill ever get a decent partner. Ramey smiled but he thought to himself I always see me too. Never Benny. <SEP> Whenever he saw someone lying in the dirt Ramey wondered what the person had been thinking and he would try out thoughts in his own mind. Then he would realize they were really things that only he himself could think. <SEP> With this realization sometimes he saw himself as he looked down. You seen him yet Benson said referring to the Indian. <SEP> He wasnt in the car Ramey said. You didnt go clear around Benson said. <SEP> If you want to see something hes back on the other side by the trunk of the car. Too long a waiting line Ramey answered pretending to joke. <SEP> A few minutes later the insurance man a road checker drove up in the gray coupe with license plates on it from a far-away state. It was a trick they used to try and conceal their identity when they followed trucks to check their speed. <SEP> Sometimes they just parked at the side of the road and used radar on the trucks as they passed. All the drivers knew about the plates and they also knew about the big floppy straw hat with shredded edges the kind natives in travel ads wear when they are out joyfully chopping cane. <SEP> Horsely an agent on the east end wore the hat trying to look like a tourist. It had always seemed strange to Ramey that to disguise himself as a tourist an ex-truck driver like Horsely would merely pick something outlandish and put it on his head. <SEP> The insurance man informed them that he had talked to Crumley who was all right and that he would watch the mens personal effects until they towed the rig back to town. He chatted with Ramey and Benson for a minute or so in the meager shade of the trailer. <SEP> Every so often the diminishing sound of a car came under the trailer as it slowed down for the wreck then speeded up again as it got clear. When they were ready to leave Benson and Ramey walked back around the rear of the trailer. <SEP> Theres a body you wont mind looking at Benson said and they stopped. She had driven up with her husband in a convertible with Eastern license plates although the two drivers knew nothing at the moment about that. <SEP> She wore shorts and a loose terry-cloth shirt. Slender and tanned her dark brown hair was drawn straight back simply. <SEP> What outfit does she drive for Benson said. Seeing her caused a lurch in Ramey a recognition. <SEP> She might have been someone he had once loved. He had never seen her before but now he thought of the manner in which he and Benson went in and out of the cities at each end of their run. <SEP> The truck routes the industrial areas with walls grimed with diesel smoke passed briefly through his mind -- back alleys were their access to a city and they could never stay. How would you ever see her again <SEP> The feeling subsided it was only a small yearning. Their work was lonely. <SEP> Whats she doing in this bunch Benson said and Ramey wondered how close their thoughts might have been. The girl looked around at the countryside. <SEP> Her glance swung past the trailer where the two drivers were standing. It made only a tiny bump over the two men like a tire over a piece of gravel then moved on. <SEP> She began to watch a blonde-haired man also in shorts standing right at the rear of the wrecked car in the one spot that most of the crowd had detoured slightly. What had caught his attention was obscured by the car itself so that neither the girl nor the truck drivers could see but Benson knew what it was. <SEP> The girl took a couple of steps toward the man in shorts when Benson in that barefoot courtliness Ramey could never decide was real said You dont want to go around there Maam. The girl stopped but did not turn her head or acknowledge that someone had spoken to her. <SEP> The man stood near the bent levi-clad body of the Indian who lay face down almost under the car. The two drivers moved closer. <SEP> What does he want a spoon Benson said to Ramey. One tiny detail in a happening can clog the memory and stick like meat in a crooked tooth while the rest of the occurrence will go hazy and uncertain. <SEP> With Ramey it was a dusty work shoe that was half-off the Indians foot that he would always remember. The laces were broken at the bottom of the eyelets but there was still a bow knot at the top. <SEP> The slightest twitch would have parted the shoe entirely from the foot yet the toes were still inside. The two men in overalls stood just behind the blonde-headed man. <SEP> He wore tennis shorts and a white sweater with a red V at the neck the sleeves pushed above the elbows. He turned and looked at them with clear blue eyes immaculate eyes. <SEP> He was very tanned -- big hands might have torn him from a Coca-Cola poster. Hes dead isnt he The man said. <SEP> He turned and bent over the body of the Indian. There was nothing in particular on the mans face. <SEP> It was simply a matter of curiosity a natural right to examine. Whats this The man said backing up a step still looking down. <SEP> His words were mostly to himself. Dont. <SEP> There was a gentle concern in Bensons voice. Ramey looked down and saw the white sneaker at the bottom of the mans tanned leg cautiously nudge a bit of folded blood-flecked substance lying by itself on the pavement. <SEP> But what is it The man said with a tone of impatience. What is it <SEP> The man had spoken only once. Ramey heard the words again inside weakened the way moving water sounds through a grove of trees until he was not sure whether it was sound or light-headedness pressing in his ears. <SEP> The sneaker reached out once more to tap against the mass and Rameys vision darkened except for an unreasonable clarity of the mans leg. Ramey saw sunlight touch the curly blonde hairs on the brown skin. <SEP> He stared at the shining shining circles of hairs and heard the voice of his partner through trees Dont do that fella. Thems brains. <SEP> The man seemed to sink a little as Ramey brought the tire iron down on his shoulder and it seemed that the blonde head was turning as he hit the man again with his fist. Ramey swung and caught the man just to the left of his mouth. <SEP> It was a straight solid once-in-a-lifetime shot he laid all four knuckles in between the mans cheekbone and his chin. Rameys fist and the air expelled from the mans collapsing cheek made a hollow pop in the air like cupped hands clapping together. <SEP> The man took two short steps backward then sat down heavily on the pavement. Ramey heard a cry from the girl and felt a slight pain somewhere in his hand. <SEP> As he watched the man sit suddenly a detached part of his mind observed how very difficult it was really to knock a man off his feet. He hadnt done it this time and he would never again hit anyone so hard. <SEP> With a thoughtful look the man sat on the pavement legs straight out in front of him. His arms hung like empty shirt sleeves and his mouth was slightly open. <SEP> After what seemed several seconds the open mouth grew dark inside then blood began to ooze from it. The man brought one hand up slowly and the fingers fumbled across his face until he touched his mouth. <SEP> He moaned and pulled the hand away. Even yet there was no realization in his eyes. <SEP> Ramey could hear the crowd coming up rapidly behind him and the questioning voices coming over his shoulder had no identity or importance to him. He did not look around. <SEP> What happened Someone said. Hes hurt A womans voice said and then he heard a sort of wail from the mans wife. <SEP> The man on the ground began to move one of his hands flattened out on the pavement and supported him. Blood dripped down the front of his sweater soaking into a dark streak of dirt that ran diagonally across the white wool on his shoulder as though the bright V woven into the neckline had melted running a darker color. <SEP> The girl kneeled by her husband with one arm at his back. Can you hear can you talk to me She begged. <SEP> An incoherent puzzled sound came from the red mouth. The girl looked around quickly at several of the people. <SEP> None of the crowd had stepped forward to help. Then she saw Ramey and her face was misshapen with bewilderment. <SEP> Why did you do it -- why did you hit him She said her voice rising. Ramey said nothing. <SEP> A shine in her eyes suddenly became tears and she turned back to her husband again. Behind Ramey feet scraped beneath sharp questioning whispers. <SEP> No one seemed to know for sure what had happened nor was there any purpose or responsibility in the muttering feet and urgent voices behind the driver beyond finding out. Ramey looked around and caught sight of his partner near the front end of the wrecked truck talking to the patrolman. <SEP> Benson moved his arms gesturing with an unfamiliar vigor and talking rapidly. Ramey caught a glimpse of the insurance man. <SEP> Some of the ruddiness was gone from his face and he stared at Ramey. Its all over now the driver thought as he saw the patrolman turn and walk rapidly down along the trailer toward them. <SEP> Ramey watched him coming with a vision as clean as the glare on the metal sides of the trailer. He saw the dark sweat spots flip in and out of sight under the patrolmans swinging arms and in the leather holster that swaggered and rolled at the side of his stocky body the sun left a smoky shine on the narrow strip of blue metal that ran between the horned handles of his pistol. <SEP> All right step back The patrolman said to no one in particular as he pushed between the fat man in the baseball cap and a young boy in levis. He walked straight up to the man sitting on the ground and bent over to look at him. <SEP> You all right Mough -- its my mough the man said trying to talk without moving his lips. <SEP> His brown face looked gray from dirt streaks where his hand had come off the dusty pavement and rubbed across it.
ck15.txt:Was very still and her breath came in small jerking gasps. <SEP> The thin legs twitched convulsively once then Kate felt the little body stiffening in her arms and heard one strangled sound. The scant flesh grew cool beneath her frantic hands. <SEP> The child was gone. When Juanita awoke Kate was still rocking the dead child still crooning in disbelief No no oh no <SEP> They put Kate to bed and wired Jonathan and sent for the young Presbyterian minister. He sat beside Kates bed with the others throughout the morning talking talking of Gods will while Kate lay staring angrily at him. <SEP> When he told her God had called the child to Him she rejected his words rebelliously. Few of the neighbors came but Mrs. Tussle came called by tragedy. <SEP> It always comes in threes she sighed heavily. Trouble never comes but in threes. <SEP> They held the funeral the next morning from the crossroads church and buried the little box in the quiet family plot. Kate moved through all the preparations and services in a state of bewilderment. <SEP> She would not accept the death of such a little child. God called her to Him the minister had said. <SEP> God would not do that Kate thought stubbornly. Jonathans letter came as she knew it would and he had accepted their childs death as another judgment from God against both Kate and himself. <SEP> In blind panic of grief she accepted Jonathans dictum and believed in her desperation that she had been cursed by God. She held Jonathans letter his words burning like a brand and knew suddenly that the bonds between them were severed. <SEP> She had nothing left but her duty to his land and his son. Joel came and sat mutely with her sharing her pain and anguish averting his eyes from the ice packs on her bosom. <SEP> Juanita and Mrs. Tussle kept Kate in bed a week until her milk dried. When she returned to life in the big house she felt shriveled of all emotion save dedication to duty. <SEP> She disciplined herself daily to do what must be done. She had even steeled herself to keep Juanita upstairs in the nurses room off the empty nursery although the girl tried to insist on moving back to the quarters to spare Kate remembrance of the babys death. <SEP> Juanita drooped about the place wearing a haunted brooding look which Kate attributed to the babys death until the day a letter came for her addressed to Miss Juanita Fitzroy bearing a Grafton postmark. Seeing the slanting hand Kate knew uneasily that it was from the Yankee colonel. <SEP> The Federal forces had taken Parkersburg and Grafton from the Rebels and were moving to take all the mountains. Kate tried to contain her curiosity and foreboding at what the letter portended at what involvement existed for Juanita. <SEP> Uncle Randolph and Joel had replanted the bottom lands with difficulty for more of the slaves including Annie had sneaked off when the soldiers broke camp. Joel worked like a field hand in the afternoons after school. <SEP> He had been at lessons in the schoolhouse since they returned from Harpers Ferry. Kate felt she had deserted the boy in her own loss. <SEP> She loved him and missed his company. Uncle Randolph had been riding out every evening on some secret business of his own. <SEP> What it was Kate could not fathom. He claimed to be visiting the waterfront saloon at the crossroads to play cards and drink with his cronies but Kate had not smelled brandy on him since Mrs. Lattimers funeral. <SEP> Joel knew what he was about however. Youre gon na get caught she heard Joel say to Uncle Randolph by the pump one morning. <SEP> Not this old fox chuckled Uncle Randolph. Everybody knows Im just a harmless deaf old man who takes to drink. <SEP> I aim to keep a little whisky still back in the ridge for my pleasure. Whiskey still my foot said Joel. <SEP> Youre back there riding with the guerrillas the Moccasin Rangers. Hush said Uncle Randolph smiling or Ill give you another black eye. <SEP> He patted the eye Joel had had blackened in a fight over being Rebel at the crossroads some days back. Kate had no idea what they were talking of although she had seen the blue lights and strange fires burning and winking on the ridges at night had heard horsemen on the River Road and hill trails through the nights till dawn. <SEP> Stranger Uncle Randolph began riding home nights with a jug strapped to his saddle drunkenly singing Old Dan Tucker at the top of his voice. Hearing his voice ring raucously up from the road Kate would await him anxiously and watch perplexed as he walked into the house cold sober. <SEP> What he was about became clear to her with the circulation of another broadside proclamation by General McClellan threatening reprisals against Rebel guerrillas. She was taken up in worry for the reckless old man. <SEP> Kate drew more and more on her affection for Joel through the hot days of summer work. She had taken him out of the schoolhouse and closed the school for the summer after she saw Miss Snow crack Joel across the face with a ruler for letting a snake loose in the schoolroom. <SEP> Kate had walked past the school on her morning chores and had seen the whole incident had seen Joels burning humiliation before Miss Snows cold bespectacled wrath. He had the hardest pains of growing before him now as he approached twelve. <SEP> These would be his hardest years she knew and he missed his father desperately. She tried to find some way to draw him out to help him. <SEP> Whenever she found time she went blackberry picking with him and they would come home together mouths purple arms and faces scratched tired enough to forget grief for another day. He tended the new colts Beau had sired. <SEP> He helped Kate and Juanita enlarge the flower garden in the side yard where they sometimes sat in the still evenings watching the last fat bees working against the summers purple dusk. No one went much to the crossroads now except Uncle Randolph. <SEP> They stayed in their own world on the bluff waiting for letters and the peddler bringing the news. Jonathan wrote grimly of the destruction of Harpers Ferry before they abandoned it of their first engagement at Falling Waters after Old Jacks First Brigade had destroyed all the rolling stock of the B & O Railroad. <SEP> The men were restive he wrote ready to take the battle to the enemy as Jackson wished. The peddler came bawling his wares and told them of the convention in Wheeling Which had formed a new state government by declaring the government at Richmond in the east illegal because they were traitors. <SEP> Dangling his gaudy trinkets before them he told of the Rebel losses in the mountains at Cheat and Rich mountains both and the Federal march on Beverly. Cleaned all them Rebs outn the hills they did <SEP> They wont never git over inter loyal western Virginia them traitors The Federals is making everybody take the oath of loyalty around these parts too he crowed. <SEP> After he had gone Kate asked Uncle Randolph proudly Would you take their oath the old man had given a sly and wicked laugh and said Hell yes I think Ive taken it about fifty times already Winking at Joels look of shock. <SEP> Her mother wrote Kate of her grief at the death of Kates baby and at Jonathans decision to go with the South And dear Kate she wrote poor Dr. Breckenridges son Robert is now organizing a militia company to go South to his good fathers sorrow. Maj. Anderson of Fort Sumter is home and recruiting volunteers for the U.S. Army. <SEP> In spite of the fact that the state legislature voted us neutral John Hunt Morgan is openly flying the Confederate flag over his woolen factory Rumor of a big battle spread like a grassfire up the valley. <SEP> Accounts were garbled at the telegraph office when they sent old George down to Parkersburg for the news. All dey know down dere is it were at Manassas Junction and it were a big fight the old man told them. <SEP> In the next few days they had cause to rejoice. It had been a big battle and the Confederate forces had won. <SEP> Jonathan and Ben were not on the lists of the dead or on that of the missing. Kate and Mrs. Tussle waited for letters anxiously. <SEP> Joel went to the crest of a hill behind the house and lit an enormous victory bonfire to celebrate. When Kate hurried in alarm to tell him to put it out she saw other dots of flames among the western Virginia hills from the few scattered fires of the faithful. <SEP> They all prayed now that the North would realize that peace must come for Virginia had defended her land victoriously. The week after Manassas the sound of horses in the yard brought Kate up in shock from an afternoons rest when she saw the Federal soldiers from her upstairs window. <SEP> They had already lost most of their corn she thought. Were they to be insulted again because of the Souths great victory <SEP> She remembered McClellans last proclamation as she hurried fearfully down the stairs. At the landing she saw Juanita her face flushed pink with excitement run down the hall from the kitchen to the front door. <SEP> Juanita stopped just inside the open door her hand to her mouth. As Kate came swiftly down the stairs to the hall she saw Colonel Marsh framed in the doorway his face set in the same vulnerable look Juanita wore. <SEP> Kate greeted him gravely uneasy with misgivings at his visit. What brings you here again Colonel Marsh She asked taking him and Juanita into the parlor where the shutters were closed against the afternoon sun. <SEP> I stopped to say goodbye Mrs. Lattimer and to tell you how sorry I was to hear about your baby. I wish our doctor could have saved her. <SEP> It was a terrible loss to me said Kate quietly feeling the pain twist again at the mention knowing now that Juanita must have written to him at Grafton. Where will you go now that youre leaving Parkersburg She asked him seeing Juanitas eyes grow bleak. <SEP> As you know General McClellan has been occupying Beverly. He has notified me that he has orders to go to Washington to take over the Army of the Potomac. <SEP> I am to go to Washington to serve with him. When are you to leave Kate asked watching them both now anxiously. <SEP> Their eyes betrayed too much of their emotions she thought sadly. Tomorrow. You permit Juanita to walk about the grounds with me for a short spell Mrs. Lattimer <SEP> Stay here in the parlor where its cool she said trying to be calm. It would be better for Joel and Uncle Randolph and Mrs. Tussle not to see them. <SEP> Kate went back and reminded the kitchen women of the supper preparations. Then she took iced lemonade to Marshs young aide where he sat in the cool of the big trees around the flower garden. <SEP> When Marsh called to his aide and the pair rode off down the River Road where the gentians burned blue Juanita was shaken and trying not to cry. She sought Kate out upstairs her lips trembling. <SEP> He wants me to go with him tomorrow she told Kate. What do you want to do Kate asked uneasy at the gravity of the girls dilemma. <SEP> I could go with him. He knows me as your niece which of course I am. <SEP> I am a slave You own me. <SEP> Its your decision said Juanita holding her face very still trying to contain the bitterness of her voice as she enunciated her words too distinctly. No the decision is yours. <SEP> I have held your papers of manumission since I married Mr. Lattimer.
cp20.txt:Was slowly swimming down to the bottom of the sea. <SEP> She made me welcome. Her dark cool caresses were sweeter than any womans the many little tricks she knew made her embrace the ultimate one -- the ever more fantastic pressures deeper in her body squeezed not me but the air I breathed into a nitrogen anesthetic. <SEP> Yielding-Mediterranian-woman - she soothed me and drew me deeper into her. I no longer knew how deep I was somewhere under feet getting drunker happier and more contented by the second. <SEP> The reasons for this dive seemed foolish now. Only the dive itself had any meaning. <SEP> The metal-tasting nitrogen made me wonder if I should remove the mouthpiece and suck in the sweet water. Perhaps if I took off the aqua-lung I could swim better love my woman better. <SEP> I chuckled aloud and the mouthpiece fell out. While a hazy part of my mind concentrated on swimming down a clear part sorted over recent events among them my only positive act in a long time. <SEP> It was when I packed up what duds I had and went to Paris. It was no vacation just me getting out after a bellyfull. <SEP> I knew it wouldnt be the same. Wild kicks never are but I hoped to dig up a better frame of mind. <SEP> Once before I had been to Paris long before I married Valery. That first time was good and it stuck with me. <SEP> I was twenty-one back then in the army and fog put our plane down at Orly instead of Rhine-Main. It was a Saturday evening in April with a mist-like rain and I was a little high on the good taste of life. <SEP> I had a pocketful of money which was unusual when I was in the army and the plane would be grounded all night. In less than an hour I had gotten a hotel showered shaved and was out on the Champs Elysees in a fresh uniform. <SEP> I felt like a Hun in Rome. All the women were beautiful and the men were equal to them everything was glamorous to my dazzled eyes. <SEP> There were some sweet machines other than women : an old Bugatti a lean Farina coachwork on an American chassis a Swallow a type A-AjK Mercedes and lots more. There was the Arc de Triomphe and the Tour dEiffel -- I was no yokel but I was young and this was Paris <SEP> I had champagne at Maxims then went into a cafe called the Jour et Nuit to ask the way to Montmartre. I never got there. <SEP> I met Claire which was better. She was eating bread and cheese just as fast as she possibly could and washing it down with red wine. <SEP> I stared. I didnt know a human could feed so fast and still be beautiful. <SEP> She was blonde and young and nice and round in a tight white dress. Maybe her ravenous eating wasnt grotesque because she was so positive about it. <SEP> When she had drained the last of the bottle and paid her bill she came directly to my table and said : Handsome soldier I have assuaged one hunger with food. I feel another of terrible urgency. <SEP> Your evening free Madame I said with noblesse oblige because of the handsome -- yeah. <SEP> And so off we went to her apartment. She was a nymphomaniac of course the poor girl. <SEP> Toward the break of day I waxed philosophical and drew analogies about her way of eating bread and cheese. Now it was nine years later and it wasnt spring but winter when I returned. <SEP> I got there on a Saturday evening. I made the mistake of going to the Jour et Nuit. <SEP> The place was busy but I didnt feel like a Hun. I sat waiting for Life to come along and sweep me up. <SEP> I had part of a bottle of French beer called Panther Pils -LRB- so help me -RRB- then switched to Tuborg. After a few hours Life hadnt showed and I was crocked. <SEP> I went to my hotel and slept. The next morning a little cognac made me feel better -- but what can you do in Paris on Sunday morning <SEP> I drank more cognac. All that day and Monday I drank just enough to orbit but not make deep space. <SEP> I read the Tropic of Capricorn and the Tropic of Cancer. Elemental but sex. Thats what was on my mind. <SEP> I was turning over the idea of a good debauchery when I dozed off. I felt better Tuesday evening when I woke up. <SEP> My head was clear my thinking sober and I was reconciled to this Paris idea as a flop on top of all my others. A good binge has that kind of therapeutic value. <SEP> Sometime earlier the weather had turned cold and it was snowing. I went out into it. <SEP> I walked around breathing the cold wine of the air until I found a park and I sat down on a snowy bench where the light was dim and came from the sky. There was dignity and beauty in the little white flakes falling through the blue night. <SEP> I had on only a topcoat but I wasnt cold. I was just miserable. <SEP> Pretty soon a woman came along carrying a folded umbrella as a walking stick. She saw me and sat down beside me three feet away. <SEP> Suddenly I understood why she had the umbrella. It gave her poise and posture. <SEP> Without it she would have been drab and limp. It gave her propriety. <SEP> It gave her the right to sit down beside me back straight one hand out on the handle. I couldnt imagine her without it. <SEP> I knew all about her. She was another human being and happened to be a hustler. <SEP> I didnt much care if she were there or not. After a while she said with sort of an unuttered laugh You have snow in your hair and ears. <SEP> -LRB- I didnt have on a hat. -RRB- Hardly glancing at her I smiled a bleak one which said Thanks baby but Id rather be alone. <SEP> She was silent for a while then said Why are you so unhappy Im not unhappy I lied staring at the snow. <SEP> She was trying to make a hole in my armor and I didnt want it. Is it a woman She asked gently. <SEP> She must have seen the ring on my left hand. Well -- women and unhappiness go together I observed profoundly adding You can wager your derriere on that. <SEP> Ah Monsieur it is not my business to wager it. This took me so funny I had to look at her. <SEP> I felt my frozen sad face crumble and I grinned a silly one I couldnt have helped. I even snorted a chuckle. <SEP> She smiled at me but it was an awfully sad smile. She was even more miserable than me. <SEP> Her eyes were smiling too but so sadly and there was tiredness and infinite wisdom in them. Now isnt it better to smile She asked. <SEP> Because I liked this sad person so much I said Will you have a drink with me I could see the ancient cynicism reinforce itself in her eyes and I wondered how many men she had picked up with this same gambit. <SEP> Anyway I pulled a bottle of Remy Martin out of my topcoat drew the cork and passed it to her. I could see she was shocked. <SEP> Im sorry I havent got a glass I said. Non non she said taking the bottle not for that be sorry. <SEP> She tilted up and drank and then I drank. Its really rotten to drink good cognac like that but I hadnt cared before. <SEP> I wasnt going to lug around a glass. There wasnt much light in the blue dark but I could see her well. <SEP> No child this tart she must have been thirty-five or even forty. I couldnt be sure. <SEP> Somehow she was attractive. Not good looking but self-confident and wise so that it made her attractive. I liked her and all at once I was glad she was there. <SEP> We finished the bottle -- I hadnt had a lot out of it earlier -- not speaking much to each other and we stayed sober. I suppose we were cold but we didnt feel it. <SEP> We seemed to be drowsing sadly soberly in the cold cold air while the snow fell. Then she said Allons and we got up and went to my hotel without another word. <SEP> I sensed no stranger in her. We undressed and made love with the comfortable acceptance I had once known with Valery. <SEP> I decided thirty-five was the best estimate of her age. She had a funny little scar on her stomach on the left side. <SEP> I think we were very tired for we awoke at the same moment deeply rested surprised to see the late morning sun on the windows which were wet where the rime had melted. I felt wonderful the absolute opposite of last nights melancholy. <SEP> My head was clear. I was hungry as a wolf and my body felt lean and vital. <SEP> Bon jour I said brightly sitting up which pulled the covers to her hips. She looked good with her short tousled hair and no make-up. <SEP> Maybe closer to thirty I thought. Bon jour She exclaimed smiling. <SEP> Yeah but breakfast first. With a laugh she beat me to the bathroom. <SEP> I called downstairs for food and a toothbrush for her. She came out pink from a hot bath and I gave her my robe. <SEP> I had brushed my teeth showered shaved and dressed by the time a waiter wheeled in breakfast. The toothbrush Monsieur he said presenting it. <SEP> I gave it to the woman. What is this for She asked innocently. <SEP> Why to brush your teeth. I already have <SEP> I used yours. Oh I said with round eyes. <SEP> I wondered if I ought to go use the new one myself. I smelled the coffee and thinking What the hell live dangerously I decided I would scald my worries away. <SEP> The coffee wasnt very hot though made in a filter pot but it was good. We sent the waiter away and ate a tremendous amount of cold ham hot hard-boiled eggs and hot garlic bread. <SEP> As we ate we talked. Her name was Suzanne and mine Stephen. <SEP> We sat back comfortably on the bed with our last cups of coffee. You are very tactful do you know Stephen she remarked. <SEP> Um I grunted sipping. Yes because you didnt run off to use that new toothbrush. I raised my eyes to look at her in the mirror. <SEP> I didnt really use yours she went on. I carry one in my purse. <SEP> I know men never kiss les putains. To my immense relief she changed the subject in the next sentence : Shall we go to the Louvre today <SEP> All right. I said with enthusiasm at the idea. But not immediately. I put aside my empty cup. <SEP> She smiled all the way to her wise sad eyes and drained her own. We were not rushed. <SEP> What is this from I asked touching the scar on her stomach. It was like a long thin line drawn through a pink circle. <SEP> A bullet she answered. The cynicism was back in her eyes a bitter wisdom and I wondered if forty were not so far wrong after all. <SEP> She understood sex anyway and played at it well. We went to the Louvre for a few hours then by Metro to a cabaret in Montmartre. <SEP> It was a nice place not filled with smoke. We had champagne and steamed mussels. <SEP> The sommelier brought the wine first a magnum instead of the bottle I had ordered. He must have thought I was a tourist. <SEP> I fixed him with a steely eye and said Whats this for I didnt ask for a Jeroboam of champagne. <SEP> I thought that was pretty humorous but I didnt laugh.
cp04.txt:Must have forgiven me Henrietta murmured to the room. <SEP> The absolution of Doatys last will and testament was proof enough of that Doaty would never have left her house to a godless woman. She found herself wishing an old wish that she had told Doaty she was running away that she had left something more behind her than the loving sorry note and her best garnet pin. <SEP> Perhaps Doaty had guessed already and kept her counsel. Henrietta thought Its extraordinary how much she always knew about both of us. <SEP> There had been more to know about Hetty inevitably and most of it unfavorable. Adelia was the good one or if not always good less frequently tempted. <SEP> Their childhood would have been quite circumspect without Hettys flair for drama especially through the long summers. In winter in the city there had been the Maneret School which taught excellently with a kind of austere passion for knowledge there had been lessons in French from a small Polish nobleman with a really profound distaste for his pupils there had been the dancing class -- Miss Craddock thin and tireless with her supervising wand and her everlasting one-two-three one-two-three. <SEP> There had been supper parties and teas fetes and little balls Mama small and pretty and gay and Papa enormously jocular enormously possessive the sun around which the Blackwell planets revolved. Mama had died before the corruption of the family circle the interruption of Charles. <SEP> It was safe to assume that Papa sighing heavily had said many times to his remaining daughter Thank God your poor mother was spared this and indeed it might be true that it had been easier for Henrietta to leave with her hand in Charles hand just because her poor mother was gone already and would never know. Mama was vulnerable one had always felt the need to make a safe world around her. <SEP> But I would have gone anyway thought Henrietta. She had always been able to ignore the moral question because there had been no choice. <SEP> Only at this moment -- perhaps because it was before dawn and she was lying in Doatys bed -- she found herself examining how others might regard her. Perhaps they would argue that morality consisted just of that ability to see a choice. <SEP> She turned on her side finding the idea oppressive. If Adelia had felt about someone as Henrietta felt about Charles would she have run away with him Impossible to imagine Adelia feeling so about anyone. No temptation no sin. No temptation no virtue A curious thought to end a curious night. <SEP> The birds were really awake now in a colloquy of music and light was beginning to creep across the room touching sill and door table and chair and all of Doatys flowers in their artificial blossom and leaf. Before anything else she would go to Doatys grave with flowers from Doatys forgotten garden. <SEP> Everything must wait upon this mission this sentimental duty of a pilgrim whose nature avoided graveyards. She closed her eyes remembering the small French cemetery enclosed by stone walls. <SEP> It had always seemed to rain there and even the grass was gray. After the sad impatient moment waiting for comfort which could not come she slipped out of bed and went to the open window. <SEP> The garden below was lacy with dew and enchanting in its small wildness. Leaning out she could see a tangle of rosebush and honeysuckle one not quite come to bloom one just beyond it. <SEP> On a thrusting spray thick with thorns and dewdrops and swelling pink buds like a summer Valentine a bird balanced and sang nondescriptly brown and alive with its own music a little engine of song. It was so pretty and artless that she felt like a child again and would have enjoyed running out barefoot to play on the wet grass with all the growing things but Doaty never permitted bare feet and she was decidedly not a child but une femme dun certain age. <SEP> Feeling suddenly neat and subdued she dressed quite soberly and went downstairs. Rosa unbelievably was not yet up and about reassurance that Rosa was human. <SEP> Feeling protective toward this sleeping being Henrietta found a yesterday bun and milk in a white jug a breakfast which was somewhat the equivalent of going barefoot. Outside the garden the tame wilderness yielded a patchwork bouquet of daisies sweet william scented stock and ladys bedstraw which she tied with long grasses and took back to show Rosa who was now stirring about the kitchen and haranguing Folly. <SEP> The poodle came gleefully to Henrietta and begged for the flowers supplicating the air with prayerful forepaws. Henrietta held her bouquet out of reach and said it was for Doaty. <SEP> Rummaging in the dew said Rosa coldly. Go change your shoes before you turn around. <SEP> She sounded so exactly like Doaty that Henrietta obeyed her under the clear impression that she could either comply or stay home. Folly danced eager for whatever lay beyond the door. <SEP> To a Blackwell there was only one church. The cemetery slumbered just behind it and the way lay through the village and close to the sea. <SEP> For the first time in thirty years Henrietta walked down the narrow street with its shuttered shops just stirring and its inhabitants eying her with the frankest curiosity. She smiled and bowed recalling the princess-in-a-carriage feeling she had enjoyed when she was a child. <SEP> Now some of the acknowledgments were cautious but all were interested. An old man sitting against the wall of a cottage and waiting for the sun to find him gave her a more than reflective look as she passed the sap still plainly rising in his branches. <SEP> On an impulse she turned back and said good morning. He cupped his ear and shook his head at her repetition announcing in a nettled way that he had heard her the first time. <SEP> He then offered his own estimate of the weather which was unenthusiastic. Summers been slow to come he said. <SEP> Its my dryin out time. He scowled at her flowers. <SEP> Im taking them to the cemetery said Henrietta out of a vague feeling of hospitality. Theyll be takin me next he said pleasantly but not so soons they plan. <SEP> See half ofem in their graves before I choose my own coffin. Its dryin myself out that does it. <SEP> He regarded her with rising hope. Youd like to hear how I go about it. <SEP> Its nice of you Henrietta said doubtfully. Yre welcome. <SEP> He straightened himself soldierly against the wall and pulled his sprawled feet together so they stood side by side in their old boots. His stick ceased to be a thing to rest his chin on and became a pointer for emphasizing the finer aspects of his text. <SEP> Every month fr three days he said happily I take no water into my system no water whatsoever. It rests the tissues. <SEP> Henrietta murmured that she could quite see how it would and he nodded approval of her womanly good sense. Rests the tissues he said and pacifies the system. <SEP> My dad did it and he lived to a great age. He looked up at her sharply. <SEP> Dont remember do you She did suddenly through the link of memory with his father old Titus who must have been in his nineties when Henrietta ran away. <SEP> Next to the Blackwells Titus had owned the island most and she and Adelia had often stood in front of him silenced by his terrible years -- a scanty man with a thin beard and very deep-set blue eyes like a mariner more aged than possible. He had never spoken once to the awed sisters but his son had been friendly a big fellow of fifty or more a fishing-boat captain and powerful like the sea. <SEP> It must be that son who sat before her now shriveled to half his size and half his senses. She said gently Of course I remember you. <SEP> Not so wells I remember you he said. Yre the young Blackwell woman. <SEP> Ran away on a black night with a lawful wedded man. I know all about you. <SEP> You do seem to said Henrietta impressed. Cant blame a man for leavin his wife he said quite cheerfully. <SEP> Left mine many a time only she never knew it. Man in a boat theres a lot of places he can put in at and a lot of reasons he can be away for a bit. Any harm in that <SEP> Probably said Henrietta dryly. He gave a short hard laugh and looked at her knowingly. <SEP> Youd be the one to say he observed and she found herself liking his approval none too well but she could not defend herself and say that her actions were different since all actions had their own laws. Only this old mans connivance was even less to her taste than Selma Cotters open censure. <SEP> Well she had not come back to Great Island to be understood praised or condemned. She had come to make her peace with the past and of that past this ancient of the earth was only a kind of shadow. <SEP> She started to move away just as a woman came out of the cottage a big-boned drab-haired figure with a clean apron tied over her limp print dress. She smiled vaguely at Henrietta and spoke to the old man. <SEP> Youve not had your breakfast yet grandad. Yr dam porridge is no breakfast he said. Milk and sops <SEP> He beat the air with his stick and it fell from his claws and clattered on the stones. Hes lowly today his grand-daughter said wearily and bent to pick it up. <SEP> Hes got this idea about drying out It aint an idea <SEP> If it aint an idea she said how comes it you can drink beer but not water He looked piously to heaven and said Beer dont affect the tissues none and the ingenious hypocrisy of this defense pleased Henrietta so that she forgave him his stint of malevolence. <SEP> His grand-daughter sighed. Come on do. <SEP> The children are eating and Miss Blackwells on her way somewheres. To the graveyard. Who aint Not me. <SEP> Ive got a days work to do. Youll be visiting Miss Doaty Maam <SEP> Henrietta nodded. How much they knew about her <SEP> The woman -LRB- she must have been a tiny baby when Hetty and Delia had stood arm in arm watching great age grow small -RRB- answered the nod with her own. God rest her soul she was a sweet one. <SEP> Come on now. She put a strong hand under the old mans arm and lifted him up patiently with the gentle cruelty and necessary tyranny that the young show toward the very old. <SEP> He mumbled at her but let himself be led off inside the house shuffling mightily to make it clear how weak and aged he was and how he was buffeted about by those who still had their wicked strength. There was a gabble of voices from indoors young hungry sounds like cats after fish and a burst of swearing from the old man. <SEP> Henrietta looked down at her bouquet still lively with its color and scent and set her feet on their journeys way again leaving the village street and crossing the first field Folly dancing ahead of her. At the edge of the field the wild rolling land took over dotted with fat round bushes like sheep. <SEP> They were covered with tiny white blossoms their scant roots clawing at the stony ground and wild birds darted in and about and through them so they were nearly alive with the rustle and cry. The air was full of sounds too but placid ones a terrestrial humming as much out of the earth as out of the blue sky. <SEP> She felt mindless walking and almost easy until the church spire told her she was near the cemetery and she caught herself wondering what she would say to Doaty. Both church and graveyard were smaller than she remembered them -LRB- how many things had lessened while she was gone away -RRB- but the headstones had grown so thick in thirty years that to find one named Dorothy Tredding seemed suddenly impossible. <SEP> She sat down on the nearest fallen with age and gray with sea-damp her fingers tracing the indecipherable carved letters padded with green moss. The days sun was gathering its strength in gold and she wished she had brought her parasol if only to shade Doatys flowers. <SEP> A small rock-carved angel watched her from a nearby tomb the only angel in the cemetery. She remembered suddenly a night of savage moonlight and scudding clouds when she and Adelia having dared each other had stolen out of their great safe house and come here hand in hand hoping and fearing ghosts.
cf17.txt:Douglas fifth Earl of Selkirk a noble humanitarian Scot concerned with the plight of the crofters of his native Highlands conceived a plan to settle them in the valley of the Red River of the North. <SEP> Since the land he desired lay within the great northern empire of the Hudsons Bay Company he purchased great blocks of the Comanys stock with the view to controlling its policies. Having achieved this end he was able to buy square miles in the valleys of the Red and Assiniboine rivers. <SEP> The grant which stretched southward to Lake Traverse -- the headwaters of the Red -- was made in May and by October of that year a small group of Scots was settling for the winter at York Factory on Hudson Bay. Thus at the same time that William Henry Harrison was preparing to pacify the aborigines of Indiana Territory and winning fame at the battle of Tippecanoe Anglo-Saxon settlement made a great leap into the center of the North American continent to the west of the American agricultural frontier. <SEP> Seven hundred miles south of York Factory at the Forks of the Red and the Assiniboine twenty-three men located a settlement in August. By October the little colony about Fort Douglas -LRB- present-day Winnipeg -RRB- numbered. <SEP> Within a few years the Scots engaged in breaking the thick sod and stirring the rich soil of the valley were joined by a group called Meurons. The latter members of two regiments of Swiss mercenaries transported by Great Britain to Canada to fight the Americans in the War of had settled in Montreal and Kingston at the close of the war in. <SEP> Selkirk persuaded eighty men and four officers to go to Red River where they were to serve as a military force to protect his settlers from the hostile Northwest Company which resented the intrusion of farmers into the fur traders empire. The mercenaries were little interested in farming and added nothing to the output of the farm plots on which all work was still done with hoes as late as. <SEP> It was the low yield of the Selkirk plots and the ravages of grasshoppers in that led to the dispersal of the settlement southward. When late in the summer the full extent of the damage was assessed all but fifty of the Scots Swiss and metis moved up the Red to the mouth of the Pembina river. <SEP> Here they built huts and a stockade named Fort Daer after Selkirks barony in Scotland. The new site was somewhat warmer than Fort Douglas and much closer to the great herds of buffalo on which the settlement must depend for food. <SEP> The Selkirk settlers had been anticipated in their move southward by British fur traders. For many years the Northwest Company had its southern headquarters at Prairie Du Chien on the Mississippi River some miles southeast of present-day St. Paul Minnesota. <SEP> When in an act of Congress forced the foreign firm out of the United States its British-born employees now become American citizens -- Joseph Rolette Joseph Renville and Alexis Bailly -- continued in the fur business. On Big Stone Lake near the headwaters of the Red River Robert Dickson Superintendent of the Western Indian Department of Canada had a trading post and planned in to build a fort to be defended by twenty men and two small artillery pieces. <SEP> His trading goods came from Canada to the Forks of Red River and from Selkirks settlement he brought them south in carts. These carts were of a type devised in Pembina in the days of Alexander Henry the Younger about a decade before the Selkirk colony was begun. <SEP> In Henry referred to our new carts as being about four feet off the ground and carrying five times as much as a horse could pack. They were held together by pegs and withes and in later times drawn by a single ox in thills. <SEP> It was Dickson who suggested to Lord Selkirk that he return to the Atlantic coast by way of the United States. In September at Fort Daer -LRB- Pembina -RRB- Dickson met the noble lord whom with the help of a band of Sioux he escorted to Prairie Du Chien. <SEP> During the trip Selkirk decided that the route through Illinois territory to Indiana and the eastern United States was the best route for goods from England to reach Red River and that the United States was a better source of supply for many goods than either Canada or England. Upon arriving at Baltimore Selkirk on December wrote to John Quincy Adams Secretary of State at Washington inquiring about laws covering trade with Missouri and Illinois Territories. <SEP> This traffic he declared prophetically tho it might be of small account at first would increase with the progress of our Settlements. The route which he had traveled and which he believed might develop into a trade route was followed by his settlers earlier than he might have expected. <SEP> In grasshoppers again destroyed the crop at the Forks -LRB- Fort Douglas -RRB- and in December twenty men left Fort Daer for the most northerly American outpost at Prairie Du Chien. It was a three-month journey in the dead of winter followed by three months of labor on Mackinac boats. <SEP> With these completed and ice gone from the St. Peters River -LRB- present-day Minnesota river -RRB- their bushels of wheat bushels of oats and barley and bushels of peas and some chickens were loaded onto the flat-bottomed boats and rowed up the river to Big Stone Lake across into Lake Traverse and down the Red. They reached Fort Douglas in June. <SEP> This epic effort to secure seed for the colony cost Selkirk Ab. Nevertheless so short was the supply of seed that the settlers were forced to retreat to Fort Daer for food. <SEP> Thereafter seed and food became more plentiful and the colony remained in the north the year round. Activity by British traders and the presence of a colony on the Red prompted the United State War Department in to send Lieutenant-Colonel Henry Leavenworth from Detroit to put a post miles northwest of Prairie Du Chien until then the most advanced United States post. <SEP> In September two companies of infantry arrived at the mouth of the St. Peters River the head of navigation on the Mississippi and began construction of Fort St. Anthony which upon completion was renamed in honor of its commander Colonel Josiah Snelling. It was from the American outposts that Red River shortages of livestock were to be made good. <SEP> Hercules L. Dousman fur trader and merchant at Prairie Du Chien contracted to supply Selkirks people with some head of cattle and Alexis Bailly and Francois Labothe were hired as drovers. Bailly after leaving Fort Snelling in August was forced to leave some of the cattle at the Hudsons Bay Companys post on Lake Traverse in the Sieux Country and reached Fort Garry as the Selkirk Hudsons Bay Company center was now called late in the fall. <SEP> He set out on his -mile return journey with five families of discontented and disappointed Swiss who turned their eyes toward the United States. Observing their distressing condition Colonel Snelling allowed these half-starved immigrants to settle on the military reservation. <SEP> As these Swiss were moving from the Selkirk settlement to become the first civilian residents of Minnesota Dousman of Michilimackinac Michigan and Prairie Du Chien was traveling to Red River to open a trade in merchandise. Early in he was at Fort Garry offering to bring in pork flour liquor and tobacco. <SEP> Alexander McDonnell governor of Red River and James Bird a chief factor of the Hudsons Bay Company ordered such sundry articles to a value of Ab. For its part the Hudsons Bay Company was troubled by the approach of American settlement. <SEP> As the time drew near for the drawing of the British-American frontier by terms of the agreement of the company suspected that the Pembina colony -- its own post and Fort Daer -- was on American territory. Accordingly Selkirks agents ordered the settlers to move north and by October John Halkett had torn down both posts floating the timber to the Forks in rafts. <SEP> I have done everything he wrote to break up the whole of that unfortunate establishment. Despite Company threats duly carried through to cut off supplies of powder ball and thread for fishing nets about persons stayed in the village. <SEP> They would attempt to bring supplies from St. Louis or Prairie Du Chien at great expense as well as danger. At Fort Garry some of the Swiss also decided to cast their lot with the United States and in several families paid guides to take them to Fort Snelling. <SEP> The disasters of - caused more to leave. After heavy rains and an onslaught of mice snow fell on October and remained on the ground through a winter so cold that the ice on the Red was five feet thick. <SEP> In April came a rapid thaw that produced high waters which did not recede until mid-June. On June more than families started the three-month trip across the plains to the Mississippi. <SEP> By fall survivors of this arduous journey were clustered about Fort Snelling but most of them were sent on to Galena and St. Louis with a few going as far as Vevay Indiana a notable Swiss center in the United States. In Red River people with more than cattle were living on the reservation at Fort Snelling. <SEP> Below the fort high bluffs extended uninterruptedly for six miles along the Mississippi River. At the point where they ended another settlement grew up around a chapel built at the boat landing by Father Lucian Galtier in. <SEP> Its people including Pierre Bottineau and other American Fur Company employees and the refugees from Fort Garry were joined by the remaining Scots and Swiss from Fort Snelling when Major Joseph Plympton expelled them from the reservation in May. The resultant town platted in and named for the patron of Father Galtiers mission St. Paul was to become an important center of the fur trade and was to take on a new interest for those Selkirkers who remained at Red River. <SEP> While population at Fort Garry increased rapidly from in to in economic opportunities did not increase at a similar rate. Accordingly though the practice violated the no-trading provision of the Selkirk charter which reserved all such activity in merchandise and furs to the Hudsons Bay Company some settlers went into trade. <SEP> The Company maintained a store at which products of England could be purchased and brought in goods for the new merchants on the understanding that they refrain from trading in furs. Despite this prohibiton by some of the Fort Garry merchants were trading with the Indians for furs. <SEP> In June the Governor and Council of Assiniboia imposed a per cent duty on imports via Hudsons Bay which were viewed as aimed at the very vitals of the Companys trade and power. To reduce further the flow of goods from England the Companys local officials asked that its London authorities refrain from forwarding any more trade goods to these men. <SEP> With their customary source of supply cut off the Fort Garry free traders engaged three men to cart goods to them from the Mississippi country. Others carried pemmican from the Forks to St. Paul and goods from St. Paul to Red River as in the summer of when one trader Wells transported twenty barrels of whisky to the British settlement. <SEP> This trade was subject to a tariff of. Per cent after February but much was smuggled into Assiniboia with the result that the duty was reduced by to per cent on the initiative of the London committee. The trade in a few commodities noted above was to grow in volume as a result of changes both north and south of the th parallel.
cg09.txt:Element to concern the choreographer is that of the visual devices of the theatre. <SEP> Most avant-garde creators true to their interest in the self-sufficiency of pure movement have tended to dress their dancers in simple lines and solid colors -LRB- often black -RRB- and to give them a bare cyclorama for a setting. Robert Rauschenberg the neo-dadaist artist has collaborated with several of them. <SEP> He has designed a matching backdrop and costumes of points of color on white for Mr. Cunninghams Summerspace so that dancers and background merge into a shimmering unity. For Mr. Taylors Images And Reflections she made some diaphanous tents that alternately hide and reveal the performer and a girls cape lined with grass. <SEP> Mr. Nikolais has made a distinctive contribution to the arts of costume and decor. In fact he calls his productions dance-theatre works of motion shape light and sound. <SEP> To raise the dancer out of his personal pedestrian self Mr. Nikolais has experimented with relating him to a larger environmental orbit. He began with masks to make the dancer identify himself with the creature he appeared to be. <SEP> He went on to use objects -- hoops poles capes -- which he employed as extensions of the body of the dancer who moved with them. The depersonalization continued as the dancer was further metamorphosed by the play of lights upon his figure. <SEP> In each case the object the color even the percussive sounds of the electronic score were designed to become part of the theatrical being of the performer. The dancer who never loosens her hold on a parasol begins to feel that it is part of herself. <SEP> Clad from head to toe in fabric stretched over a series of hoops the performer may well lose his sense of self in being a finial. As the dancer is depersonalized his accouterments are animized and the combined elements give birth to a new being. <SEP> From this being come new movement ideas that utilize dancer and property as a single unit. Thus the avant-garde choreographers have extended the scope of materials available for dance composition. <SEP> Since they have rejected both narrative and emotional continuity how are they to unify the impressive array of materials at their disposal Some look deliberately to devices used by creators in the other arts and apply corresponding methods to their own work. <SEP> Others less consciously but quite probably influenced by the trends of the times experiment with approaches that parallel those of the contemporary poet painter and musician. An approach that has appealed to some choreographers is reminiscent of Charles Olsons statement of the process of projective verse : one perception must immediately and directly lead to a further perception. <SEP> The creator trusts his intuition to lead him along a path that has internal validity because it mirrors the reality of his experience. He disdains external restrictions -- conventional syntax traditional metre. <SEP> The unit of form is determined subjectively : the Heart by the way of the Breath to the Line. The test of form is fidelity to the experience a gauge also accepted by the abstract expressionist painters. <SEP> An earlier but still influential school of painting surrealism had suggested the way of dealing with the dream experience that event in which seemingly incongruous objects are linked together through the curious associations of the subconscious. The resulting picture might appear a maze of restless confusions and contradictions but it is more true to life than a portrait of an artificially contrived order. <SEP> The contemporary painter tends to depict not the concrete objects of his experience but their essences as revealed in abstractions of their lines colors masses and energies. He is still concerned however with a personal event. <SEP> He accepts the accidents of his brushwork because they provide evidence of the vitality of the experience of creation. The work must be true to both the physical and the spiritual character of the experience. <SEP> Some painters have less interest in the experience of the moment with its attendant urgencies and ambiguities than in looking beyond the flux of particular impressions to a higher more serene level of truth. Rather than putting their trust in ephemeral sensations they seek form in the stable relationships of pure design which symbolize an order more real than the disorder of the perceptual world. <SEP> The concept remains subjective. In this approach it is the artists ultimate insight rather than his immediate impressions that gives form to the work. <SEP> Others look to more objective devices of order. The musician employing the serial technique of composition establishes a mathematical system of rotations that once set in motion determines the sequence of pitches and even of rhythms and intensities. <SEP> The composer may reverse or invert the order of his original set of intervals -LRB- or rhythms or dynamic changes -RRB-. He may even alter the pattern by applying a scheme of random numbers. <SEP> He can not order his elements by will either rational or inspired. The system works as an impersonal mechanism. <SEP> Musicians who use the chance method also exclude subjective control of formal development. Again the composer must select his own materials. <SEP> A tossing of coins with perhaps the added safeguard of reference to the oracles of the I Ching the Chinese Book Of Changes dictates the handling of the chosen materials. Avant-garde choreographers seeking new forms of continuity for their new vocabulary of movements have turned to similar approaches. <SEP> Some let dances take their form from the experience of creation. According to Katherine Litz the becoming the process of realization is the dance. <SEP> The process stipulates that the choreographer sense the quality of the initial movement he has discovered and that he feel the rightness of the quality that is to follow it. The sequence may involve a sharp contrast : for example a quiet meditative sway of the body succeeded by a violent leap or it may involve more subtle distinctions : the sway may be gradually minimized or enlarged its rhythmic emphasis may be slightly modified or it may be transferred to become a movement of only the arms or the head. <SEP> Even the least alteration will change the quality. An exploration of these possible relationships constitutes the process of creation and thereby gives form to the dance. <SEP> The approach to the depiction of the experience of creation may be analytic as it is for Miss Litz or spontaneous as it is for Merle Marsicano. She too is concerned with the becoming the process of realization but she does not think in terms of subtle variations of spatial or temporal patterns. <SEP> The design is determined emotionally : I must reach into myself for the spring that will send me catapulting recklessly into the chaos of event with which the dance confronts me. Looking back Miss Marsicano feels that her ideas may have been influenced by those of Jackson Pollock. <SEP> At one time she felt impelled to make dances that moved all over the stage much as Pollocks paintings move violently over the full extent of the canvas. Her conscious need was to break away from constricting patterns of form a need to let the experience shape itself. <SEP> Midi Garth also believes in subjective continuity that begins with the feeling engendered by an initial movement. It may be a free front-back swing of the leg leading to a sideways swing of the arm that develops into a turn and the sensation of taking off from the ground. <SEP> This became a dance called Prelude To Flight. A pervading quality of free lyricism and a building from turns close to the ground towards jumps into the air gives the work its central focus. <SEP> Alwin Nikolais objects to art as an outpouring of personal emotion. He seeks to make his dancers more godlike by relating them to the impersonal elements of shape light color and sound. <SEP> If his dancers are sometimes made to look as if they might be creatures from Mars this is consistent with his intention of placing them in the orbit of another world a world in which they are freed of their pedestrian identities. It is through the metamorphosed dancer that the germ of form is discovered. <SEP> In his recognition of his impersonal self the dancer moves and this self in the first revealed stroke of its existence states the theme from which all else must follow. The theme may be the formation of a shape from which other shapes evolve. <SEP> It may be a reaction to a percussive sound the following movements constituting further reactions. It may establish the relation of the figure of the dancer to light and color in which case changes in the light or color will set off a kaleidescope of visual designs. <SEP> Unconcerned with the practical function of his actions the dancer is engrossed exclusively in their motional content. Movements unfold freely because they are uninhibited by emotional bias or purposive drive. <SEP> The metamorphosis must come first. Though he is also concerned with freeing dance from pedestrian modes of activity Merce Cunningham has selected a very different method for achieving his aim. <SEP> He rejects all subjectively motivated continuity any line of action related to the concept of cause and effect. He bases his approach on the belief that anything can follow anything. <SEP> An order can be chanced rather than chosen and this approach produces an experience that is free and discovered rather than bound and remembered. Thus there is freshness not only in the individual movements of the dance but in the shape of their continuity as well. <SEP> Chance he finds enables him to create a world beyond imagination. He cites with pleasure the comment of a lady who exclaimed after a concert : Why its extremely interesting. <SEP> I would never have thought of it myself. The sequence of movements in a Cunningham dance is unlike any sequence to be seen in life. <SEP> At one side of the stage a dancer jumps excitedly nearby another sits motionless while still another is twirling an umbrella. A man and a girl happen to meet they look straight at the audience not at each other. <SEP> He lifts her puts her down and walks off neither pleased nor disturbed as if nothing had happened. If one dancer slaps another the victim may do a pirouette sit down or offer his assailant a fork and spoon. <SEP> Events occur without apparent reason. Their consequences are irrelevant -- or there are no consequences at all. <SEP> The sequence is determined by chance and Mr. Cunningham makes use of any one of several chance devices. He may toss coins he may take slips of paper from a grab bag. <SEP> The answers derived by these means may determine not only the temporal organization of the dance but also its spatial design special slips designating the location on the stage where the movement is to be performed. The other variables include the dancer who is to perform the movement and the length of time he is to take in its performance. <SEP> The only factors that are personally set by the choreographer are the movements themselves the number of the dancers and the approximate total duration of the dance. The approximate is important because even after the order of the work has been established by the chance method the result is not inviolable. <SEP> Each performance may be different. If a work is divided into several large segments a last-minute drawing of random numbers may determine the order of the segments for any particular performance. <SEP> Any sequence can not only change its positions in the work but can even be eliminated from it altogether. Mr. Cunningham tries not to cheat the chance method he adheres to its dictates as faithfully as he can. <SEP> However there is always the possibility that chance will make demands the dancers find impossible to execute. Then the choreographer must arbitrate. <SEP> He must rearrange matters so that two performers do not bump into each other. He must construct transitions so that a dancer who is told to lie prone one second and to leap wildly the next will have some physical preparation for the leap.
cn02.txt:Paused wearily. <SEP> You cant stay here with me. Its late and you said theyd be here by dawn. <SEP> You cant make me go. Gavin sank down again into his chair and began to rock. <SEP> He was thinking of Rittenhouse and how he had left him there to rock to death on the porch of the Splendide. It was the only thing in his life for which he felt guilt. <SEP> Beneath his black shirt his frail shoulders shook and croaks of pain broke from his throat the stored pain shattering free in slow gasps terrible to see. Clayton tried to call back the face of the man he had known. <SEP> Against that other man he could rally his anger against this bent man in the chair he was powerless. Gavins lips moved so that Clayton had to stoop to catch the words. <SEP> Do you remember Big Charlie He whispered. He stuck with me all these years. <SEP> Just a half-breedpache never said much never meant anythin to me but he stuck with me. He got into a fight with Tom English your brothers son. <SEP> It was a fair fight the boy provoked it -- Big Charlie told me so. I believed him. <SEP> They killed Big Charlie dumped his body in my rose garden two nights ago. My men they all left me. <SEP> Just cleared out. I didnt understand why Clay. <SEP> They just all cleared out. I treated them fair <SEP> He wiped his lips with a sleeve then stared at Clayton in a childish kind of wonder. You mean -- he asked almost shyly -- you want me to go with you wherever youre goin Yes. <SEP> You dont hate me any more Clayton choked shook his head murmuring No. <SEP> Come here. The old man beckoned with one finger and Clayton went forward to him. <SEP> Gavin slipped his arms around his chest and hugged him fiercely. All my life he said I tried. <SEP> I tried. I saw you driftin away -- but I tried. <SEP> You wanted no part of me when I had so much to give. Now theres nothin left of me. <SEP> Laurel is gone my men are gone Ed is dead -- and you come to me to help me. Oh God in Heaven I cant refuse you now. <SEP> That would mock me too much Cant let you go way from me again <SEP> He closed his eyes ashamed of his tears. Ill go Clay. <SEP> Clayton freed himself from the embrace and stepped back. The eyes followed him fearfully. The horses. <SEP> There isnt much time. Ill saddle the horses and bring them round. <SEP> You get ready He burst from the hot confinement of the room into the cold night air. <SEP> Gavins stallion was in the barn and he tightened the cinches over the saddle blanket working by touch in the darkness comforting the animal with easy words. When he had finished he led him and the mare to the porch. <SEP> The stallion had smelled the mare coming into heat and began to paw the turf shaking his head. Clayton looped the reins in a knot over the veranda post and patted the warm flesh of his neck. <SEP> The mare had backed away. You take it easy boy Clayton whispered. <SEP> She doesnt want you now. You take it easy your time will come. <SEP> Gavin stood on the porch a thin figure. He had taken a carbine down from the wall and it trailed from his hand the stock bumping on the wood floor. <SEP> Clayton called to him and he came slowly down the steps. Clay he said where are we goin To a ranch in the valley. <SEP> Theres someone there I have to see. We may take her with us -- to California. <SEP> I dont know yet its crazy I have to think about it. California is where were goin. California. <SEP> Gavin began to nod. Thats a new land. <SEP> A man could make a mark there. Two men together like us we could do somethin fine out there maybe find a place where no ones ever been. <SEP> Start out fresh the two of us like nothin had ever happened. Yes like a father and son. I made you what you are Gavin whispered. <SEP> I made you so you could stand up. I made you a man. <SEP> Yes Gavin you did. He approached the horse and laid a hand on the stallions quivering neck. <SEP> Help me up Clay. Help me up I feel kind of stiff. <SEP> Clayton lifted him gently into the saddle like a child. I hate to leave my garden Gavin said. <SEP> Theyll trample it down. I loved my garden. <SEP> It will grow again -- in California. I loved this valley he whispered huskily. <SEP> Lived alone here for three years before any man came. Lived alone by the river. <SEP> It was nice then so peaceful and quiet. There was no one but me. <SEP> I dont want to leave it. Clayton swung into the saddle and whacked the stallions rump. <SEP> The two horses broke from the yard from the circle of light cast by the lamp still burning in the house into the darkness. Thirty-five they rode at a measured pace through the valley. <SEP> Dawn would come soon and the night was at its coldest. The moon had sunk below the black crest of the mountains and the land seen through eyes that had grown accustomed to the absence of light looked primeval as if no man had ever trespassed before. <SEP> It looked as Gavin had first seen it years ago on those nights when he slept alone by his campfire and waked suddenly to the hoot of an owl or the rustle of a blade of grass in the moons wind -- a savage land untenanted and brooding too strong to be broken by the will of men. Gavin sighed bitterly. <SEP> In that inert landscape the caravan of his desires passed before his mind. He saw them ambushed strewn in the postures of the broken and the dying. <SEP> In vain his mind groped to reassemble the bones of the relationships he had sought so desperately but they would not come to life. The silence oppressed him made him bend low over the horses neck as if to hide from a wind that had begun to blow far away and was twisting slowly through the darkness in its slow search. <SEP> They passed ranches that were framed dark gray against the black hills. Then at last the darkness began to dissolve. <SEP> A bold line of violet broke loose from the high ridge of the mountains followed by feathers of red that swept the last stars from the sky. The wan light spread over the ground and the valley revealed in the first glimmer the contours of trees and fences and palely shadowed gullies. <SEP> They had been seen as soon as they left the ranch picked out of the darkness by the weary though watchful eyes of two men posted a few hundred yards away in the windless shelter of the trees. The two men whipped their horses into town and flung themselves up the steps of the saloon crying their intelligence. <SEP> The men in Pettigrews were tired from a nights drinking their faces red and baggy. The liquor had flushed their courage. <SEP> They greeted the news angrily as though they had been cheated of purpose. Lester heard their muttering saw their eyes reveal their desire. <SEP> He worked his tongue round and round in the hollow of his cheek and his voice came out of his throat dry and cracked. Hes leavin. <SEP> Thats what you wanted isnt it Clayton is with him takin him out of the valley. <SEP> You cant -- Keep out of this Purvis snarled. <SEP> Hes not your brother hes Gavins son. You see he lied to us when he said he was leavin alone. <SEP> Joe Purvis was thinking back many years. First he thought of the time he had ridden to Gavin and told him how his cattle were being rustled at the far end of the valley. <SEP> He remembered Gavins smirk his own cringing feeling his impotence. Then he thought of a time when Claytons horse had fallen lame in the Gap. <SEP> His wife had said to him : Nellie is in love with Clayton Roy. He wouldnt even dance with her at Gavins party. <SEP> He treats her like she was dirt. You stand by like a fool and let him do it <SEP> He remembered Claytons mocking smile in the saloon when he had asked him what he would do if they brought their cattle to water. It was the night Clayton had tricked them in the poker game. <SEP> Youre Gavins son Joe Purvis had said. He turned to Lester. <SEP> You brought him back to this valley thinkin he would help you find your boy. He meant to help Gavin all the time. <SEP> He made a fool of you Lester. He swung round to the other men -- We can catch him easy <SEP> There are plenty of fresh horses halfway at my place. If we let them go they wont stay away theyll find men to ride with them and theyll be back. <SEP> Theres only one way they can get out now and thats through the Gap -- if we ride hard we can take them. Lesters hand fluttered to Cabots shoulder. <SEP> The boy jerked away. He killed Tom -- do you understand that <SEP> Cabot turned back to the men and he was drunk with the thing they would do wild to break from the cloying warmth of the saloon into the cold of the ebbing night. He fled through the door and down the steps running and the men grunted and followed pushing Lester to one side where he backed against the wall with the sleeve of his jacket raised before his eyes to shut out the light. <SEP> Purvis and Silas Pettigrew were the last to leave. They mounted up and rode slowly behind the others at a safe distance. Thirty-six <SEP> in the cold dawn the mist swirled low to the ground then rose with a gust of sudden wind to leave the valley clear. The clouds parted and hard gashes of sunlight swooped down to stain the earth with streaks of white and gold light so that the shadows of the running horses flowed like dark streams over the dazzling snow. <SEP> When they turned in the saddle they could see the men behind them strung out on the prairie in a flat black line. The wind of their running was cold and wild the horses were lathered and their manes streamed like stiff black pennants in the wind. <SEP> The mare began to tire and Clayton felt the spray of snow from the hoofs of Gavins stallion. He looked over his shoulder at the thin dotting of pursuers. <SEP> They neither gained nor fell back. He rode low on the mares neck. <SEP> Ahead of him Gavin turned slightly off the trail and pointed for the Gap no more than a mile away. Gavins face was bloodless with excitement. <SEP> He did not look back he could feel more than hear the staccato beat of hoofs that fanned out across the prairie to the north. He knew who was riding after him -- the men he had known all his life the men who had worked for him sworn their loyalty to him. Now they were riding to kill him. <SEP> He was fleeing running -- fleeing his death and his life at the same time. The land over which he sped was the land he had created and lived in : his valley. <SEP> With every leaping stride of the horse beneath him he crossed one more patch of earth that had been his that he would never see again. The Gap looming before him -- the place where had confronted Jack English on that day so many years ago -- was his exit from all that had meaning to him. <SEP> California is too far he thought. He would never reach California. <SEP> He was too old -- when he passed up and through the corridor of pines that lined the trail he could see ahead he was passing from life.
cg34.txt:Each song he gave verbal footnotes. <SEP> The songs Sandburg sang often reminded listeners of songs of a kindred character they knew entirely or in fragments. Often these listeners would refer Sandburg to persons who had similar ballads or ditties. <SEP> In due time Sandburg was a walking thesaurus of American folk music. After he had finished the first two volumes of his Lincoln Sandburg went to work assembling a book of songs out of hobo and childhood days and from the memory of songs others had taught him. <SEP> He rummaged found composers and arrangers collaborated on the main design and outline of harmonization with musicians ballad singers and musicologists. The result was a collection of songs ballads ditties brought together from all regions of America more than one hundred never before published : The American Songbag. <SEP> Each song or ditty was prefaced by an authors note which indicated the origin and meaning of the song as well as special interest the song had musical arrangement and most of the chorus and verses. The book published in has been selling steadily ever since. <SEP> As Sandburg said at the time : It is as ancient as the medieval European ballads brought to the Appalachian Mountains it is as modern as skyscrapers the Volstead Act and the latest oil well gusher. Schopenhauer never learned Sandburg is in constant demand as an entertainer. <SEP> Two things contribute to his popularity. First Carl respects his audience and prepares his speeches carefully. <SEP> Even when he is called upon for impromptu remarks he has notes written on the back of handy envelopes. He has his own system of shorthand devised by abbreviations : humility will be humly with will be w and that will be tt. <SEP> The second reason for his popularity is his complete spontaneity with the guitar. It is a mistake however to imagine that Sandburg uses the guitar as a prop. <SEP> He is no dextrous-fingered college boy but rather a dedicated humble and bashful apostle of this instrument. At age seventy-four he became what he shyly terms a pupil of Andres Segovia the great guitarist of the Western world. <SEP> It is not easy to become Segovias pupil. One needs high talent. <SEP> Segovia has written about Carl : His fingers labor heavily on the strings and he asked for my help in disciplining them. I found that this precocious grown-up boy of deserved to be taught. <SEP> There has long existed a brotherly affection between us thus I accepted him as my pupil. Just as in the case of every prodigy child we must watch for the efficacy of my teaching to show up in the future -- if he should master all the strenuous exercises I inflicted on him. <SEP> To play the guitar as he aspires will devour his three-fold energy as a historian a poet and a singer. One cause of Schopenhauers pessimism was the fact that he failed to learn the guitar. <SEP> I am certain that Carl Sandburg will not fall into the same sad philosophy. The heart of this great poet constantly bubbles forth a generous joy of life -- with or without the guitar. <SEP> The publics identification of Carl Sandburg and the guitar is no happenstance. Carl reject this identity. <SEP> He is proud of having Segovia for a friend and dedicated a poem to him titled The Guitar. Carl says it is the greatest poem ever written to the guitar because he has never heard of any other poem to that subtle instrument. A portable companion always ready to go where you go -- a small friend weighing less than a freshborn infant -- to be shared with few or many -- just two of you in sweet meditation. <SEP> The New York Herald Tribunes photographer Ira Rosenberg tells an anecdote about the time he wanted to take a picture of Carl playing a guitar. Carl hadnt brought his along. <SEP> Mr. Rosenberg suggested that they go out and find one. Preferably said Carl one battered and worn such as might be found in a pawnshop. They went to the pawnshop of Joseph Miller of Sixth Avenue. <SEP> Mr. Miller was in the shop the Herald Tribune story related but was reluctant to have anybodys picture taken inside because his business was too confidential for pictures. But after introductions he asked : Carl Sandburg Well you can pose inside. <SEP> He wanted Mr. Sandburg to pose with one of the guitars he had displayed behind glass in the center of his shop but the poet eyed this somewhat distastefully. Kalamazoo guitars he said used by radio hillbilly singers. He chose one from Mr. Millers window a plain guitar with no fancy polish. <SEP> While the picture was taken Mr. Millers disposition to be generous to Mr. Sandburg increased to the point where he advised I wont even charge you the one dollar rental fee. A knowledgeable celebrity When someone in the audience rose and asked how does it feel to be a celebrity Carl said A celebrity is a fellow who eats celery with celerity. <SEP> This has always been Carls attitude. Lloyd Lewis wrote that when he first knew Carl in Sandburg was making $. U a week writing features for the Day Book and eating sparse luncheons in one-arm restaurants. <SEP> He walked home at night for two miles beyond the end of a suburban trolley. When fame came it changed Sandburg only slightly. <SEP> Lewis remembered another newspaperman asking Carl have your ideas changed any since you got all these comforts Carl thought the question over slowly and answered : I know a starving man who is fed never remembers all the pangs of his starvation I know that. <SEP> That was all he said Lewis reports. That was all he had to say. <SEP> In answer to a New York Times query on what is fame -LRB- Thoughts On Fame October -RRB- Carl said : Fame is a figment of a pigment. It comes and goes. <SEP> It changes with every generation. There never were two fames alike. <SEP> One fame is precious and luminous another is a bubble of a bauble. Ah did you once see Shelley plain <SEP> The impression you get from Carl Sandburgs home is one of laughter and happiness and the laughter and the happiness are even more pronounced when no company is present. Carl has been married to Paula for fifty-three years and he has not made a single major decision without careful consideration and thorough discussion with his wife. <SEP> Through all these years Mrs. Sandburg has pointedly avoided the limelight. She has shared her husbands greatness but only within the confines of their home it is a dedication which began the moment she met Carl. <SEP> Mrs. Sandburg received a Phi Beta Kappa key from the University of Chicago and she was busy writing and teaching when she met Sandburg. You are the Peoples Poet was her appraisal in and she stopped teaching and writing to devote herself to the fulfillment of her husbands career. <SEP> She has rarely been photographed with him and except for Carls seventy-fifth anniversary celebration in Chicago in she has not attended the dozens of banquets functions public appearances and dinners honoring him -- all of this upon her insistence. Even now I will not intrude upon her except to state a few bare facts. <SEP> The only way to describe Paula Sandburg is to say she is beautiful in a Grecian sense. Her clothes her hair everything about her is both graceful and simple. <SEP> She has small broad capable hands and an enormous energy. She is not only a trained mathematician and Classicist but a good architect. <SEP> She designed and supervised the building of the Harbert Michigan house most of which was constructed by one local carpenter who carried the heavy beams singly upon his shoulder. As the Sandburg goat herd increased she also designed the barn alterations to accommodate them. <SEP> When erosion threatened the foundation of their home in Harbert Paula Sandburg planted grapevines and arranged the snow fences which helped hold the sands away. She was born Lilian Steichen her parents immigrants from Luxemburg. <SEP> Her mother called her Pausl a Luxemburg endearment meaning pussycat. Some of the children of the family could not pronounce this name and called her Paula a soubriquet Carl liked so much she has been Paula ever since. <SEP> Was Lilian her baptismal name. Her parents pious Roman Catholics christened her Mary Anne Elizabeth Magdalene Steichen. <SEP> My mother read a book right after I was born and there was a Lilian in the book she loved and I became Lilian -- and eventually I became Paula. Lilian Steichen was an exceptional student. <SEP> This family of Luxemburg immigrants in fact produced two exceptional children. Paulas older brother is Edward Steichen a talented artist and for the past half-century one of the worlds eminent photographers. <SEP> -LRB- Two years ago the photography editor of Vogue Magazine titled his article about Steichen The Worlds Greatest Photographer. -RRB- By the time Lilian had been graduated from public school her parents were doing quite well. <SEP> Her mother was a good manager and established a millinery business in Milwaukee. Her father was not enthusiastic about sending young Paula to high school. <SEP> This is no place for a young girl he said. The parents compromised however on a convent school and Paula went to Ursuline Academy in London Ontario. <SEP> She was pious too once kneeling through the night from Holy Thursday to Good Friday despite the protest of the nuns that this was too much for a young girl. She knelt out of reverence for having read the Meditations of St. Augustine. <SEP> She read everything else she could get her hands on including an article -LRB- she thinks it was in the Atlantic Monthly -RRB- by Mark Twain on White Slavery. Paula was saddened about what was happening to little girls and vowed to kneel no more in Chapel. <SEP> She had come to a decision. If there was ever a thought in her mind she might devote her life to religion it was now dispelled. <SEP> I felt that I must devote myself to the outside world. She passed the entrance examinations to the University of Illinois but during the year at Urbana felt more important events transpired at the University of Chicago. <SEP> Besides Thorstein Veblen was one of the Chicago professors. At the University of Chicago she studied Whitman and Shelley and became a Socialist. <SEP> Socialist leaders in Milwaukee recognized her worth not only because of her dedication but because of her fluency in German French and Luxemburg. She once gave a German recitation before a convention of German-language teachers in Milwaukee. <SEP> Carl and Paula met in Milwaukee in during Paulas Christmas holiday visit to her parents. Carl was still Charles A. Sandburg. <SEP> He legitimized Paula for Lilian Steichen and it was Paula who insisted on Carl for Charles. Victor Berger the panjandrum of Wisconsin Socialism and member of Congress had asked Paula Steichen to translate some of his German editorials into English. <SEP> Carl who was stationed in Appleton Wisconsin organizing for the Social Democrats was in Bergers office and made it his business to escort Paula to the streetcar. She left the next day for her teaching job at Princeton Illinois. <SEP> -LRB- After graduation from the University of Chicago Paula taught for two years in the normal school at Valley City North Dakota then two years at Princeton -LRB- Illinois -RRB- Township High School. -RRB- By the time the streetcar pulled away he had fallen in love with Paula. <SEP> A letter awaited her at Princeton. Paula says that even though Carls letters usually began Dear Miss Steichen there was an understanding from the beginning that they would become husband and wife. <SEP> Paula generously lent me one of Carls love letters dated February Hotel Athearn Oshkosh Wisconsin : Dear Miss Steichen : It is a very good letter you send me -- softens the intensity of this guerilla warfare I am carrying on up here. Never until in this work of S-D organization have I realized and felt the attitude and experience of a Teacher.
ck13.txt:The dim underwater light they dressed and straightened up the room and then they went across the hall to the kitchen. <SEP> She was intimidated by the stove. He found the pilot light and turned on one of the burners for her. <SEP> The gas flamed up two inches high. They found the teakettle. <SEP> Put water on to boil and then searched through the icebox. Several sections of a loaf of dark bread butter jam a tiny cake of ice. In their search for what turned out to be the right breakfast china but the wrong table silver they opened every cupboard door in the kitchen and pantry. <SEP> While she was settling the teacart he went back across the hall to their bedroom opened one of the suitcases and took out powdered coffee and sugar. She appeared with the teacart and he opened the windows. <SEP> You want to call Eugene He didnt but it was not really a question and so he left the room walked down the hall to the front of the apartment hesitated and then knocked lightly on the closed door of the study. <SEP> A sleepy voice answered. Le petit dejeuner Harold said in an accent that did credit to Miss Sloan his high-school French teacher. <SEP> At the same time his voice betrayed uncertainty about their being here and conveyed an appeal to whatever is reasonable peace-loving and dependable in everybody. Since ordinary breakfast-table conversation was impossible it was at least something that they were able to offer Eugene the sugar bowl with their sugar in it and the plate of bread and butter and that Eugene could return the pitcher of hot milk to them handle first. <SEP> Eugene put a spoonful of powdered coffee into his cup and then filled it with hot water. Stirring he said : I am sorry that my work prevents me from doing anything with you today. <SEP> They assured him that they did not expect or need to be entertained. Harold put a teaspoonful of powdered coffee in his cup and filled it with hot water and then stirring he sat back in his chair. <SEP> The chair creaked. Every time he moved or said something the chair creaked again. <SEP> Eugene was not entirely silent or openly rude -- unless asking Harold to move to another chair and placing himself in the fauteuil that creaked so alarmingly was an act of rudeness. It went right on creaking under his own considerable weight and all it needed Harold thought was for somebody to fling himself back in a fit of laughter and that would be the end of it. <SEP> Through the open window they heard sounds below in the street : cartwheels a tired horses plodding step voices. Harold indicated the photograph on the wall and asked what church the stone sculpture was in. <SEP> Eugene told him and he promptly forgot. They passed the marmalade the bread the black-market butter back and forth. <SEP> Nothing was said about hotels or train journeys. Eugene offered Harold his car to use at any time he cared to and when this offer was not accepted the armchair creaked. <SEP> They all three had another cup of coffee. Eugene was in his pajamas and dressing gown and on his large feet he wore yellow Turkish slippers that turned up at the toes. <SEP> Excuse me he said in Berlitz English and got up and left them to bathe and dress. The first shrill ring of the telephone brought Harold out into the hall. <SEP> He realized that he had no idea where the telephone was. At that moment the bathroom door flew open and Eugene came out with his face lathered for shaving and strode down the hall tying the sash of his dressing gown as he went. <SEP> The telephone was in the study but the ringing came from the hall. Between the telephone and the wall plug there was sixty feet of cord and when the conversation came to an end Eugene carried the instrument with him the whole length of the apartment to his bathroom where it rang three more times while he was shaving and in the tub. <SEP> Before he left the apartment he knocked on their door and asked if there was anything he could do for them. Harold shook his head. <SEP> Sabine called a few minutes ago Eugene said. She wants you and Barbara to have dinner with her tomorrow night. <SEP> He handed Harold a key to the front door and cautioned him against leaving it unlocked while they were out of the apartment. When enough time had elapsed so that there was little likelihood of his returning for something he had forgotten Harold went out into the hall and stood looking into one room after another. <SEP> In the room next to theirs was a huge cradle of mahogany ornately carved and decorated with gold leaf. It was the most important-looking cradle he had ever seen. <SEP> Then came their bathroom and then a bedroom that judging by the photographs on the walls must belong to Mme Cestre. A young woman who looked like Alix with her two children. Alix and Eugene on their wedding day. Matching photographs in oval frames of Mme Bonenfant and an elderly man who must be Alixs grandfather. Mme Vienot considerably younger and very different. The schoolboy. And a gray-haired man whose glance -- direct lifelike and mildly accusing -- was contradicted by the gilt and black frame. It was the kind of frame that is only put around the photograph of a dead person. <SEP> Professor Cestre could it be With the metal shutters closed the dining room was so dark that it seemed still night in there. <SEP> One of the drawing-room shutters was partly open and he made out the shapes of chairs and sofas which seemed to be upholstered in brown or russet velvet. The curtains were of the same material and there were some big oil paintings -- portraits in the style of Lancret and Boucher. <SEP> Though taken individually the big rooms were or seemed to be square the apartment as a whole formed a triangle. The apex the study where Eugene slept was light and bright and airy and cheerful. <SEP> The window looked out on the Place Redoute -- it was the only window of the apartment that did. Looking around slowly he saw a marble fireplace a desk a low bookcase of mahogany with criss-crossed brass wire instead of glass panes in the doors. The daybed Eugene had slept in made up now with its dark-brown velours cover and pillows. The portable record player with a pile of classical records beside it. <SEP> Beethovens Fifth was the one on top. Da-da-da-dum Music could not be Eugenes passion. <SEP> Besides the records were dusty. He tried the doors of the bookcase. Locked. The titles he could read easily through the criss-crossed wires : works on theology astral physics history biology political science. No poetry. No novels. <SEP> He moved over to the desk and stood looking at the papers on it but not touching anything. The clock on the mantel piece was scandalized and ticked so loudly that he glanced at it over his shoulder and then quickly left the room. <SEP> The concierge called out to them as they were passing through the foyer. Her quarters were on the right as you walked into the building and her small front room was clogged with heavy furniture -- a big round oak dining table and chairs a buffet with a row of unclaimed letters inserted between the mirror and its frame. <SEP> The suitcases had come while they were out and had been put in their room the concierge said. He waited until they were inside the elevator and then said : Now what do we do <SEP> Call the Vouillemont I guess. I guess. <SEP> Rather than sit around waiting for the suitcases to be delivered they had gone sight-seeing. They went to the Flea Market expecting to find the treasures of Europe and found instead a duplication of that long double row of booths in Tours. Cheap clothing and junk of every sort as far as the eye could see. <SEP> They looked even so. Looked at everything. <SEP> Barbara bought some cotton aprons and Harold bought shoestrings. They had lunch at a sidewalk cafe overlooking the intersection of two broad busy unpicturesque streets and coming home they got lost in the Metro it took them over an hour to get back to the station where they should have changed in order to take the line that went to the Place Redoute. <SEP> It was the end of the afternoon when he took the huge key out of his pocket and inserted it into the keyhole. When he opened the door there stood Eugene on his way out of the apartment. <SEP> He was wearing sneakers and shorts and an open-collared shirt and in his hand he carried a little black bag. He did not explain where he was going and they did not ask. <SEP> Instead they went on down the hall to their room. Do you think he could be having an affair Barbara asked as they heard the front door close. <SEP> Oh no Harold said shocked. Well this is France after all. <SEP> I know but there must be some other explanation. Hes probably spending the evening with friends. <SEP> For that he needs a little bag They went shopping in the neighborhood and bought two loaves of bread with the ration coupons they had been given in Blois and some cheese and a dozen eggs and a bag of oranges from a peddler in the Place Redoute -- the first oranges they had seen since they landed. <SEP> They had Vermouth sitting in front of a cafe. When they got home Harold was grateful for the stillness in the apartment and thought how under different circumstances they might have stayed on here in these old-fashioned high-ceilinged rooms that reminded him of the Irelands apartment in the East Eighties. <SEP> They could have been perfectly happy here for ten whole days. He went down the hall to Eugenes bathroom to turn on the hot-water heater and on the side of the tub he saw a pair of blue wool swimming trunks. <SEP> He felt them. They were damp. <SEP> He reached out and felt the bath towel hanging on the towel rack over the tub. Damp also. He looked around the room and then called out : Come here quick <SEP> What is it Barbara asked standing in the doorway. Ive solved the mystery of the little bag. <SEP> There it is and there is what was in it. Where do people go swimming in Paris That boat in the river maybe. What boat <SEP> Theres a big boat anchored near the Place De La Concorde with a swimming pool in it -- didnt you notice it if he has time to go swimming he had time to be with us. <SEP> She looked at him in surprise. I know he said reading her mind. <SEP> I dont know what Im going to do with you. Its because we are in France he said and know so few people. <SEP> So something like this matters more than it would at home. Also he was so nice when he was nice. All because I didnt feel like dancing. <SEP> I dont think it was that really. Then what was it <SEP> I dont know. I wish I did. The tweed coat maybe. <SEP> The thing about Eugene is that hes very proud. The thing about hurt feelings the wet bathing suit pointed out is that the person who has them is not quite the innocent party he believes himself to be. For instance -- what about all those people Harold Rhodes went toward unhesitatingly as if this were the one moment they would ever have together their one chance of knowing each other <SEP> Fortunately the embarrassing questions raised by objects do not need to be answered or we would all have to go sleep in the open fields. In any case answers may clarify but they do not change anything.
cl20.txt:Point sticks out into the ocean like the fat neck of a steamer clam. <SEP> Its a rich village but not much for action -- too many solid residents not enough tourists or working stiffs. Its at the far end of the county and the last time I came here was for a hit and run manslaughter -- about seven months ago. <SEP> Chief Bob Moore looked his same hick-self a man mountain running to lard in his middle-age. Seeing me he said with real surprise Well well aint we honored <SEP> Hardly expected the head of County Homicide up for this murder. You sure climbed fast Jed. <SEP> Rookie investigator last summer and now its Inspector Jed. Took me years to become Chief of our three man police force. <SEP> Proves a college education pays off. His sarcasm was followed by a stupid grin of his thick mouth and bad teeth. <SEP> I guess it helps I said paying no attention to his ribbing. Never could figure out why you ever wanted to be a cop Jed. <SEP> Youre not only young but well you dont even look like a police officer. A runt with narrow shoulders and that brush haircut hell youd pass for a juvenile delinquent of the hotrod set. <SEP> In my day the first requirement for a cop was to look like the law big and tough. Man when my pounds and six-four comes along why its the same as another badge. <SEP> When I say move a guy moves Dont worry about my being tough Moore. <SEP> Also its far too early in the day for corny lines like the bigger they come Youve had your gassy lecture lets get to work. Who was the murdered woman Mrs. Buck Widow nice sort of woman. <SEP> Comfortably fixed. Ran a fair-sized farm. <SEP> Came to the Harbor as a bride and Dont worry Jed this one is in the bag. I know the killer have the only road off the peninsula covered. <SEP> Yeah passed your road block as I drove in I said sitting on his polished desk. Although Bob dressed like a slob he kept a neat office. <SEP> Okay what happened About nine this morning Mrs. Buck phones me shes having trouble with one of her farm hands -- money trouble. Colored fellow named Tim Williams -- only hand she has working for her now. <SEP> Tim come with the migratory workers that follow the crops up from the South last year but Tim and his wife settled here. Never had no trouble with him before thought he was a hard worker hustling around to get a full weeks work. <SEP> Anyway Julia asks me to. Julia Come on Inspector look alive. <SEP> Julia Buck the deceased Moore said slipping me his smug idiot-grin again. Julia asks me to come out at once. <SEP> She didnt sound real alarmed you know like there was any immediate danger. I got there at : A.M. Found her strangled. <SEP> I would have come sooner if Id known. No doubt about Tim being the killer -- I have a witness. Dont know why the County had to send anybody up here. <SEP> Told them I can handle this. Yeah seems you have a nice package with all the strings tied. <SEP> Whos Ill collar Tim before night. <SEP> Whos your witness Julia had -- has -- an old Indian woman cooking for her -- Nellie Harris. Probably the last of the original Island Indians. <SEP> Nellie was in the kitchen had just come to work when she heard Tim arguing with Julia in the living room. Swears she recognized his voice that Tim yelled Its my money and I want it <SEP> then rushed out of the house. Then she heard Julia phone me. <SEP> Nellie went on with her house work -- until I found Julia dead. Before you say it Nellie aint near strong enough to have strangled Julia. <SEP> Theres no doubt this Tim sneaked back and killed Mrs. Buck. Another fact : Tims disappeared -- on the run. Theres no way off the Point except through my road block. <SEP> Guess you want to see the body -- have her up the street in Doc Abels office. Lets see it. <SEP> We walked up Main Street to this big white house then around to the back. Being the Harbors sole doctor Abel was also its Medical Examiner. <SEP> The corpse was on a table covered by a sheet. Doc Abel was busy up front with some of his live patients. <SEP> Pulling back the sheet I examined the bruises around Julia Bucks once slender throat. Powerful hands had killed her. <SEP> Find any prints Chief Moore shook his big head seemed lost in thought as he stared at the nude body. <SEP> Then he said Never noticed it before I mean when she was dressed but for a woman her age Julia had a real fine figure. I dropped the sheet glanced at my watch. <SEP> It was almost one and I hadnt had lunch. Still I wanted to get this over with had a lot of paper work waiting in my own office. <SEP> I told him I want to go see the Buck house. Sure. Walking back down Main Street I said I saw the Harbors one squad car at the road block well ride out in my car. <SEP> Naw well use mine Moore said opening the door of a sleek white Jaguar roadster. As I slid in beside him he said Some heap hey <SEP> Got a heck of a buy on this dirt cheap. Yeah its a real load I told him looking up the street at my battered Ford. <SEP> Five racing minutes later we pulled into the driveway of this typical two-story house and when the Jaguar stopped I managed to swallow. There was a garage and a modern barn in the rear all of it standing between two large flat fields planted in early potatoes. <SEP> Everything shouted gentleman farming the kind of grandfather-father-to-son folding money the Point is known for. The fins of a Caddy were sticking out of the garage while the inside of the house was a comfortable mixture of old and expensive contemporary furniture. <SEP> Nellie Harris wasnt old she was ancient -- a tiny shriveled woman with a face like a tan prune. She was also stone deaf in her right ear. <SEP> She calmly repeated what Moore had told me. When I asked Why didnt you go into the living room to see how Mrs. Buck was <SEP> The old gal stared at me with her hard eyes said She didnt call. I do the living room last. <SEP> I went up stairs and did the bath and her bedroom -- way I always do in the morning. Have you any idea what this Tim and Mrs. Buck were arguing about Probably wages. <SEP> Miss Julia was a hard woman with a dollar. Years ago when I asked her to put me in Social Security sos I wouldnt have to be working now Miss Julia threatened to fire me -- all because it would mean a few more dollars a year to her. <SEP> You hear Tim return No sir. Nobody came until Chief Moore. <SEP> I drummed on the kitchen table with my pencil. Mrs. Buck have any men friends Her <SEP> The wrinkled mouth laughed revealing astonishingly strong white teeth. I never see none. <SEP> But then I wasnt her social secretary. She on friendly terms with other members of her family <SEP> Didnt have no family -- around here. They had a son -- killed in the war. <SEP> I walked into the living room. There didnt seem to be any signs of a struggle. <SEP> I told Moore Where does Tims wife live <SEP> Ill take you there. Look Jed this is an open and shut case and I have to relieve my men at the road block soon. <SEP> Okay come on. We did miles an hour across a hard dirt road to a cluster of shacks. <SEP> In late summer migratory workers lived five and six to a room in these. Now they were empty except for a cottage across the road. <SEP> Mrs. Tim Williams was about with skin the color of bitter chocolate and if you discounted the plain dress and worn slippers she was startlingly pretty. The inside of their place was full of new furniture five bucks down and a buck a week stuff but all of it clean and full of the warmth of a home. <SEP> Mrs. Williams was both sullen and frightened. She said she didnt know a thing -- Tim had left the house at six in the morning as usual. <SEP> She hadnt seen him since. Did Mrs. Buck owe him any wages I asked. <SEP> Well for this week but they wasnt duetill Saturday. Listen Mr. Inspector no matter what anybody say my Tim didnt kill that woman <SEP> Tim is a good man hard working. He strong as a bull but gentle as a baby. <SEP> Even if he angry Tim wouldnt hurt a woman. He never in his life took a hand to a woman or <SEP> Well get him soon see what he says Chief Moore cut in. Does your husband have a car I asked. <SEP> Got us an old station wagon. Need it for the job. <SEP> I asked a silly question : Youve no idea where your husband could be now She shook her head. <SEP> I knew she was lying. I stood there staring at her for a moment -- thinking mostly of her beauty and her poverty. <SEP> Moore said Come on Jed I have to get to my men. On my way out I told her If you should eh just happen to see your husband get him to give himself up. <SEP> Hell get a fair trial. Hiding out like this wont get him anything except more trouble or a bullet. Yes. <SEP> Ill tell him -- if I see him. We made it back to the Harbor in less than four minutes. <SEP> I tried not to act scared. That Jaguar could really barrel along. <SEP> I told Moore I was going to eat get some forms filled out by Doc Abel. Chief Moore said If I dont see you when I return see you for certain at my road block Inspector. <SEP> I had a bowl of decent chowder phoned the Doc and he said hed leave the death statements with his girl -- in a half hour. Lighting my pipe I took a walk. <SEP> The Harbor is a big yachting basin in the summer. Even now there were several slick cruisers tied to the dock an ocean-going yawl anchored inside the breakwater. <SEP> There was a foot Wheeler with Chief Bobs in big gold letters on its stern also tied up at the dock. It wasnt a new boat about five years old but fitted with fishing outriggers and chairs. <SEP> I asked an old guy running a fishing station if the boat was Moores. He said You bet. <SEP> Bob Moore is plumb crazy about blue fishing. I dropped into the doctors office picked up my forms. <SEP> As I was walking back to the Police Station which was in the same building with the City Hall and Post Office I saw Mrs. Tim Williams sneaking into the back of my car. If she moved gracefully she was clumsy at it. <SEP> I got into the front seat. She was hiding on the floor of the back seat the soft curves of her back and hips -- rousing lines. <SEP> I drove out of the Harbor turned off into a dirt road among the scrub pine trees and stopped. I waited a few minutes and she sat up. <SEP> For another moment we didnt talk then she began to weep. She mumbled I just know that Chief Moore is out to kill my Tim Maybe. <SEP> I never saw him so anxious before I said lighting my pipe and offering her a cigarette. Of course it could be because this is his first murder case. <SEP> You know where Tim is dont you Mrs. Williams She puffed on the cigarette slowly sitting slumped against the back seat didnt answer.
cg02.txt:The past the duties of the state as Sir Henry Maine noted long ago were only two in number : internal order and external security. <SEP> By prevailing over other claimants for the loyalties of men the nation-state maintained an adequate measure of certainty and order within its territorial borders. Outside those limits it asserted as against other states a position of sovereign equality and as against the inferior peoples of the non-Western world a position of dominance. <SEP> It became the sole subject of international law -LRB- a term which it is pertinent to remember was coined by Bentham -RRB- a body of legal principle which by and large was made up of what Western nations could do in the world arena. -LRB- That corpus of law was a reflection of the power system in existence during the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries. <SEP> Speaking generally it furthered -- and still tends to further -- the interests of the Western powers. The enormous changes in world politics have however thrown it into confusion so much so that it is safe to say that all international law is now in need of reexamination and clarification in light of the social conditions of the present era. -RRB- <SEP> Beyond the two basic tasks mentioned above no attention was paid by statesman or scholar to an idea of state responsibility either internally or externally. This was particularly true in the world arena which was an anarchical battleground characterized by strife and avaricious competition for colonial empires. <SEP> That any sort of duty was owed by his nation to other nations would have astonished a nineteenth-century statesman. His duty was to his sovereign and to his nation and an extension to peoples beyond the territorial boundaries was not to be contemplated. <SEP> Thus to cite but one example the Pax Britannica of the nineteenth century whether with the British navy ruling the seas or with the City of London ruling world finance was strictly national in motivation however much other nations -LRB- e.g. The United States -RRB- may have incidentally benefited. At the same time all suggestions that some sort of societal responsibility existed for the welfare of the people within the territorial state was strongly resisted. <SEP> Social Darwinism was able to stave off the incipient socialist movement until well into the present century. However in recent decades for what doubtless are multiple reasons an unannounced but nonetheless readily observable shift has occurred in both facets of national activity. <SEP> A concept of responsibility is in process of articulation and establishment. Already firmly implanted internally it is a growing factor in external matters. <SEP> A little more than twenty years ago the American people turned an important corner. In what has aptly been called a constitutional revolution the basic nature of government was transformed from one essentially negative in nature -LRB- the night-watchman state -RRB- to one with affirmative duties to perform. <SEP> The positive state came into existence. For lawyers reflecting perhaps their parochial preferences there has been a special fascination since then in the role played by the Supreme Court in that transformation -- the manner in which its decisions altered in the switch in time that saved nine President Roosevelts ill-starred but in effect victorious Court-packing plan the imprimatur of judicial approval that was finally placed upon social legislation. <SEP> Of greater importance however is the content of those programs which have had and are having enormous consequences for the American people. Labor relations have been transformed income security has become a standardized feature of political platforms and all the many facets of the American version of the welfare state have become part of the conventional wisdom. <SEP> A national consensus of near unanimity exists that these governmental efforts are desirable as well as necessary. Ratified in the Republican Party victory in the Positive State is now evidenced by political campaigns being waged not on whether but on how much social legislation there should be. <SEP> The general acceptance of the idea of governmental -LRB- i.e. Societal -RRB- responsibility for the economic well-being of the American people is surely one of the two most significant watersheds in American constitutional history. The other of course was the Civil War the conflict which a century ago insured national unity over fragmentation. <SEP> A third one of at least equal and perhaps even greater importance is now being traversed : American immersion and involvement in world affairs. Internal national responsibility now a truism need not be documented. <SEP> Nevertheless it may be helpful to cite one example -- that of employment -- for as will be shown below it cuts across both facets of the new concept. Thirty years ago while the nation was wallowing in economic depression the prevailing philosophy of government was to stand aside and allow natural forces to operate and cure the distress. <SEP> That guiding principle of the Hoover Administration fell to the siege guns of the New Deal less than a score of years later Congress enacted the Employment Act of by which the national government assumed the responsibility of taking action to insure conditions of maximum employment. Hands-off the economy was replaced by conscious guidance through planning -- the economic side of the constitutional revolution. <SEP> In the first important legislative victory of the Kennedy Administration came when the principle of national responsibility for local economic distress won out over a states-responsibility proposal -- provision was made for payment for unemployment relief by nation-wide taxation rather than by a levy only on those states afflicted with manpower surplus. The American people have indeed come a long way in the brief interval between and. <SEP> Internal national responsibility is a societal response to the impact of the Industrial Revolution. Reduced to its simplest terms it is an assumption of a collective duty to compensate for the inability of individuals to cope with the rigors of the era. <SEP> National responsibility for individual welfare is a concept not limited to the United States or even to the Western nations. A measure of its widespread acceptance may be derived from a statement of the International Congress of Jurists in. <SEP> Meeting in New Delhi under the auspices of the International Commission of Jurists a body of lawyers from the free world the Congress redefined and expanded the traditional Rule of Law to include affirmative governmental duties. It is noteworthy that the majority of the delegates to the Congress were from the less developed former colonial nations. <SEP> The Rule of Law historically a principle according everyone his day in court before an impartial tribunal was broadened substantively by making it a responsibility of government to promote individual welfare. Recognizing that the Rule of Law is a dynamic concept which should be employed not only to safeguard the civil and political rights of the individual in a free society the Congress asserted that it also included the responsibility to establish social economic educational and cultural conditions under which his legitimate aspirations and dignity may be realized. <SEP> The idea of national responsibility thus has become a common feature of the nations of the non-Soviet world. For better or for worse we all now live in welfare states the organizing principle of which is collective responsibility for individual well-being. <SEP> Whether a concept analogous to the principle of internal responsibility operates in a nations external relations is less obvious and more difficult to establish. The hypothesis ventured here is that it does and that evidence is accumulating validating that proposition. <SEP> The content is not the same however : rather than individual security it is the security and continuing existence of an ideological group -- those in the free world -- that is basic. External national responsibility involves a burgeoning requirement that the leaders of the Western nations so guide their decisions as to further the viability of other friendly nations. <SEP> If internal responsibility suggests acceptance of the socialist ideal of equality then external responsibility implies adherence to principles of ideological supranationalism. Reference to two other concepts -- nationalism and sovereignty -- may help to reveal the contours of the new principle. <SEP> In its beginnings the nation-state had to struggle to assert itself -- internally against feudal groups and externally against the power and influence of such other claimants for loyalty as the Church. The breakup of the Holy Roman Empire and the downfall of feudalism led not more than two centuries ago to the surge of nationalism. <SEP> -LRB- Since the time-span of the nation-state coincides roughly with the separate existence of the United States as an independent entity it is perhaps natural for Americans to think of the nation as representative of the highest form of order something permanent and unchanging. -RRB- The concept of nationalism is the political principle that epitomizes and glorifies the territorial state as the characteristic type of socal structure. <SEP> It is more than that. It includes the emotional ties that bind men to their homeland and the complex motivations that hold a large group of people together as a unit. <SEP> Today as new nations rise from the former colonial empires nationalism is one of the hurricane forces loose in the world. Almost febrile in intensity the principle has become worldwide in application -- unfortunately at the very time that nationalist fervors can wreak greatest harm. <SEP> Historically however the concept is one that has been of marked benefit to the people of the Western civilizational group. By subduing disparate lesser groups the nation has to some degree at least broadened the capacity for individual liberty. <SEP> Within their confines moreover technological and industrial growth has proceeded at an accelerated pace thus increasing the cornucopia from which material wants can be satisfied. While the pattern is uneven some having gained more than others nationalism has in fact served the Western peoples well. <SEP> -LRB- Whether historical nationalism helped the peoples of the remainder of the world and whether todays nationalism in the former colonial areas has equally beneficial aspects are other questions. -RRB- It is one of the ironic quirks of history that the viability and usefulness of nationalism and the territorial state are rapidly dissipating at precisely the time that the nation-state attained its highest number -LRB- approximately -RRB-. <SEP> It is more than irony : one of the main reasons why nationalism is no longer a tenable concept is because it has spread throughout the planet. In other words nationalism worked well enough when it had limited application both as to geography and as to population it becomes a perilous anachronism when adopted on a world-wide basis. <SEP> Complementing the political principle of nationalism is the legal principle of sovereignty. The former receives its legitimacy from the latter. <SEP> Operating side by side together they helped shore up the nation-state. While sovereignty has roots in antiquity in its present usage it is essentially modern. <SEP> Jean Bodin writing in the sixteenth century may have been the seminal thinker but it was the vastly influential John Austin who set out the main lines of the concept as now understood. Austins nineteenth-century view of law and sovereignty still dominates much of todays legal and political thinking. <SEP> To him law is the command of the sovereign -LRB- the English monarch -RRB- who personifies the power of the nation while sovereignty is the power to make law -- i.e. To prevail over internal groups and to be free from the commands of other sovereigns in other nations. These fundamental ideas -- the indivisibility of sovereignty and its dual -LRB- internal-external -RRB- aspects -- still remain the core of that concept of ultimate political power. <SEP> The nation-state then exemplifies the principle of nationalism and exercises sovereignty : supreme power over domestic affairs and independence from outside control. In fact however both principles have always been nebulous and loosely defined. <SEP> High-level abstractions are always difficult to pin down with precision. That is particularly true of sovereignty when it is applied to democratic societies in which popular sovereignty is said to exist and in federal nations in which the jobs of government are split. <SEP> Nevertheless nationalism and sovereignty are reputed in the accepted wisdom to describe the modern world. There a different reality behind the facade <SEP> the surface hide a quite different picture The short answer to those questions is yes. <SEP> Both concepts are undergoing alteration to some degree they are being supplanted by a concept of national responsibility. As evidence to support that view consider the following illustrative instances.
ck09.txt:Was the first time any of us had laughed since the morning began. <SEP> The rider from Concord was as good as his word. He came spurring and whooping down the road his horse kicking up clouds of dust shouting : Theyre a-coming <SEP> By God theyre a-coming they are We heard him before he ever showed and we heard him yelling after he was out of sight. <SEP> Solomon Chandler hadnt misjudged the strength of his lungs not at all. I think you could have heard him a mile away and he was bursting at every seam with importance. <SEP> I have observed that being up on a horse changes the whole character of a man and when a very small man is up on a saddle hed like as not prefer to eat his meals there. Thats understandable and I appreciate the sentiment. <SEP> As for this rider I never saw him before or afterwards and never saw him dismounted so whether he stood tall or short in his shoes I cant say but I do know that he gave the day tone and distinction. The last thing in the world that resembled a war was our line of farmers and storekeepers and mechanics perched on top of a stone wall and this dashing rider made us feel a good deal sharper and more alert to the situation. <SEP> We came down off the wall as if he had toppled all of us and we crouched behind it. I have heard people talk with contempt about the British regulars but that only proves that a lot of people talk about things of which they are deplorably ignorant. <SEP> Whatever we felt about the redcoats we respected them in terms of their trade which was killing and I know that I myself was nauseated with apprehension and fear and that my hands were soaking wet where they held my gun. I wanted to wipe my flint but I didnt dare to the state my hands were in just as I didnt dare to do anything about the priming. <SEP> The gun would fire or not just as chance willed. I put a lot more trust in my two legs than in the gun because the most important thing I had learned about war was that you could run away and survive to talk about it. <SEP> The gunfire which was so near that it seemed just a piece up the road now stopped for long enough to count to twenty and in that brief interval a redcoat officer came tearing down the road whipping his horse fit to kill. I dont know whether he was after our rider who had gone by a minute before or whether he was simply scouting conditions but when he passed us by a musket roared and he reared his horse swung it around and began to whip it back in the direction from which he had come. <SEP> He was a fine and showy rider but his skill was wasted on us. From above me and somewhere behind me a rifle cracked. <SEP> The redcoat officer collapsed like a punctured bolster and the horse reared and threw him from the saddle except that one booted foot caught in the stirrup. Half crazed by the weight dragging the dust and the heat the horse leaped our wall dashing out the riders brains against it and leaving him lying there among us -- while the horse crashed away through the brush. <SEP> It was my initiation to war and the insane symphony war plays for what had happened on the common was only terror and flight but this grinning broken head not ten feet away from me was the sharp definition of what my reality had become. Now the redcoats were coming and the gunfire was a part of the dust cloud on the road to the west of us. <SEP> I must state that the faster things happened the slower they happened the passage and rhythm of time changed and when I remember back to what happened then each event is a separate and frozen incident. In my recollection there was a long interval between the death of the officer and the appearance of the first of the retreating redcoats and in that interval the dust cloud over the road seems to hover indefinitely. <SEP> It could not have been more than a matter of seconds and then the front of the British army came into view. It was only hours since I had last seen them but they had changed and I had changed. <SEP> In the very front rank two men were wounded and staggered along trailing blood behind them. No drummers here no pipers and the red coats were covered with a fine film of dust. They marched with bayonets fixed and as fixed on their faces was anger fear and torment. <SEP> Rank after rank of them came down the road and the faces were all the same and they walked in a sea of dust. Committeemen hold your fire <SEP> Hold your fire A voice called and what made it even more terrible and unreal was that the redcoat ranks never paused for an instant only some of them glancing toward the stone wall from behind which the voice came. The front of their column had already passed us when another officer came riding down the side of the road not five paces from where we were. <SEP> My Cousin Simmons carried a musket but he had loaded it with bird shot and as the officer came opposite him he rose up behind the wall and fired. One moment there was a man in the saddle the next a headless horror on a horse that bolted through the redcoat ranks and during the next second or two we all of us fired into the suddenly disorganized column of soldiers. <SEP> One moment the road was filled with disciplined troops marching four by four with a purpose as implacable as death the next a cloud of gun smoke covered a screaming fury of sound out of which the redcoat soldiers emerged with their bayonets and their cursing fury. In the course of this they had fired on us but I have no memory of that. <SEP> I had squeezed the trigger of my own gun and to my amazement it had fired and kicked back into my shoulder with the force of an angry mule and then I was adding my own voice to the crescendo of sound hurling more vile language than I ever thought I knew sobbing and shouting and aware that if I had passed water before it was not enough for my pants were soaking wet. I would have stood there and died there if left to myself but Cousin Simmons grabbed my arm in his viselike grip and fairly plucked me out of there and then I came to some sanity and plunged away with such extraordinary speed that I outdistanced Cousin Simmons by far. <SEP> Everyone else was running. Later we realized that the redcoats had stopped their charge at the wall. <SEP> Their only hope of survival was to hold to the road and keep marching. We tumbled to a stop in Deacon Gordons cow hole a low-lying bit of pasture with a muddy pool of water in its middle. <SEP> A dozen cows mooed sadly and regarded us as if we were insane as perhaps we were at that moment with the crazy excitement of our first encounter the yelling and shooting still continuing up at the road and the thirst of some of the men which was so great that they waded into the muddy water and scooped up handfuls of it. Isaac Pitt one of the men from Lincoln had taken a musket ball in his belly and though he had found the strength to run with us now he collapsed and lay on the ground dying the Reverend holding his head and wiping his hot brow. <SEP> It may appear that we were cruel and callous but no one had time to spend sympathizing with poor Isaac -- except the Reverend. I know that I myself felt that it was a mortal shame for a man to be torn open by a British musket ball as Isaac had been yet I also felt relieved and lucky that it had been him and not myself. <SEP> I was drunk with excitement and the smell of gunpowder that came floating down from the road and the fact that I was not afraid now but only waiting to know what to do next. Meanwhile I reloaded my gun as the other men were doing. <SEP> We were less than a quarter of a mile from the road and we could trace its shape from the ribbon of powder smoke and dust that hung over it. Wherever you looked you saw Committeemen running across the meadows some away from the road some toward it some parallel to it and about a mile to the west a cluster of at least fifty Militia were making their way in our direction. <SEP> Cousin Joshua and some others felt that we should march toward Lexington and take up new positions ahead of the slow-moving British column but another group maintained that we should stick to this spot and this section of road. I didnt offer any advice but I certainly did not want to go back to where the officer lay with his brains dashed out. <SEP> Someone said that while we were standing here and arguing about it the British would be gone but Cousin Simmons said he had watched them marching west early in the morning and moving at a much brisker pace it had still taken half an hour for their column to pass what with the narrowness of the road and their baggage and ammunition carts. While this was being discussed we saw the militia to the west of us fanning out and breaking into little clusters of two and three men as they approached the road. <SEP> It was the opinion of some of us that these must be part of the Committeemen who had been in the Battle of the North Bridge which entitled them to a sort of veteran status and we felt that if they employed this tactic it was likely enough the best one. Mattathias Dover said : It makes sense. <SEP> If we cluster together the redcoats can make an advantage out of it but theres not a blessed thing they can do with two or three of us except chase us and we can outrun them. That settled it and we broke into parties of two and three. <SEP> Cousin Joshua Dover decided to remain with the Reverend and poor Isaac Pitt until life passed away -- and he was hurt so badly he did not seem for long in this world. I went off with Cousin Simmons who maintained that if he didnt see to me he didnt know who would. <SEP> Good heavens Adam he said I thought one thing youd have no trouble learning is when to get out of a place. I learned that now I said. <SEP> We ran east for about half a mile before we turned back to the road panting from the effort and soaked with sweat. There was a clump of trees that appeared to provide cover right up to the road and the shouting and gunfire never slackened. <SEP> Under the trees there was a dead redcoat a young boy with a pasty white skin and a face full of pimples who had taken a rifle ball directly between the eyes. Three men were around him. <SEP> They had stripped him of his musket and equipment and now they were pulling his boots and jacket off. Cousin Simmons grabbed one of them by the shoulder and flung him away. <SEP> Gods name what are you to rob the dead with the fight going on Cousin Simmons roared. They tried to outface him but Joseph Simmons was as wide as two average men and it would have taken braver men than these were to outface him.
cn10.txt:Brannon outfit -- known as the Slash-B because of its brand -- reached Hondo Creek before sundown. <SEP> The herd was watered and then thrown onto a broad grass flat which was to be the first nights bedground. Two of the new hands a Mexican named Jose Amado and a kid known only as Laredo were picked for the first trick of riding night herd. <SEP> The rest of the crew offsaddled their mounts and turned them into the remuda. They got tin cups of coffee from the big pot on the coosies fire rolled and lighted brown-paper cigarettes lounged about. <SEP> There was some idle talk a listless discussion of this or that small happening during the days drive. They deliberately avoided the one subject that had them all curious : the failure of the bosss wife and son to join the outfit. <SEP> It especially bothered the older hands. The cook Mateo Garcia had arrived there long before the herd. <SEP> Hed started a fire and put coffee on and now was busy at the work board of his chuck wagon. He was readying a batch of sourdough biscuits for the Dutch oven. <SEP> Supper would be ready within the hour. The Maguire family was setting up a separate camp nearby. <SEP> Billie had unhitched the mules from both Tom Brannons and his fathers wagon. Hank had gathered wood for a cookfire and his wife was busy at it now. <SEP> Conchita kept an eye on the twins and little Elena trying to keep them from falling into the creek by which they persisted in playing. Conchita nagged at the younger children attempting without success to keep her thoughts off Tom Brannon. <SEP> Tom Brannon had caught up with the outfit shortly after the Maguires joined it which had been at midday. Hed come alone without his wife and child. <SEP> Hed been in an angry mood : Conchita had thought his face almost ugly with the anger in him. She wondered what had taken place in town between him and his wife. <SEP> She wished that she could talk to her mother about it. Not that her mother knew what had happened but they could speculate upon it. Her mother would rebuke her if she mentioned it and say that it was none of her concern. <SEP> Pat get out of that creek You too Sean Elena youll get mud all over your dress <SEP> Even as she called to the children Conchita let her gaze seek Tom Brannon. Tomas she called him -- as the Mexican hands did. <SEP> He was in earnest conversation with her father and the old vaquero Luis Hernandez. Whatever they are talking about Conchita wondered. <SEP> It bothered her that she probably would never know. Certainly she wouldnt dare ask her father afterward. <SEP> He would tell her not to pry into grownups affairs -- as though she were a little kid like Elena At the moment the three men were not saying much of anything. <SEP> They were sitting on their heels rider-fashion over by the still empty calf wagon. Brannon was hunkered down with his broad back to the left rear wheel with the other two facing him. <SEP> He held a cigarette in his right hand. It was burning away forgotten. <SEP> His face was clouded with unhappiness. Hed told Hank Maguire and Luis Hernandez about his wifes refusal to come with him and about what he now intended to do. <SEP> They were considering it gravely neither seeming to like what he planned. Finally Hernandez said I could offer you advice Tomas but you wouldnt heed it. <SEP> Lets hear it anyway. Wait a little while. <SEP> Let Senora Brannon live in her fathers house for a time. Give her time to miss you. <SEP> Maybe she will then come to you. After all you want the senora as much as you want the boy. <SEP> You need her even more than you need him. She wont change her mind Brannon said. <SEP> John Clayton will see to that. After a time away from you. A year Luis Five Ten <SEP> How long should I wait Maybe in a year Tomas. In a year shell like living in Claytons house too much to come back to me Brannon said flatly. <SEP> The boy will be too much under his influence by then. Ive got to take Danny away from Clayton before I lose him altogether. <SEP> Hell in a year or five or ten the boy will have forgotten me -- his own father to take him and leave his mother behind is not good. <SEP> In my place youd follow such advice as you give me Hernandez looked suddenly uncertain. <SEP> That I cant answer for I cant imagine something like this happening to me. Maybe I should withdraw my advice -- no <SEP> Brannon looked at Hank Maguire. And you What would you do in my place <SEP> Hank shook his head. I dont know Tom. <SEP> Like Luis I cant see something like this happening to me. With Maria and me theres never any problem. <SEP> Where I go she goes -- and the kids with us. Youre going to need your woman. <SEP> The boy will need his mother. If you take the one youd better take both. <SEP> Brannon shook his head. I wont force Beth to come against her will. <SEP> Im going to have my son. They were silent for a little while each looking glum. <SEP> Finally Luis Hernandez said What must be must be. I am with you of course Tomas. <SEP> Hank Maguire added So am I Tom. All right Brannon said rising. <SEP> Well ride out as soon as weve had chuck. Brannon timed it so that they rode in an hour after nightfall. <SEP> They had for cover both darkness and a summer storm. During much of the fifteen-mile ride they had watched a lurid display of lightning in the sky to the east. <SEP> Later theyd heard the rumble of thunder and then just outside Rockfork they ran into rain. Those who had slickers donned them. <SEP> The others put on old coats or ducking jackets whichever they carried behind their saddle cantles. There were seven of them enough for a show of strength -- to run a bluff. <SEP> It was to be nothing more than that. There was to be no gunplay. <SEP> If the bluff failed and they ran into trouble Brannon had told the others they would withdraw -- and he would come after his son another time. He didnt want to put himself outside the law. <SEP> With him were Hank Maguire Luis Hernandez and Luiss son Pedro. The Ramirez brothers were also along. <SEP> The seventh man was Red Hogan a wiry little puncher with a wild streak and a liking for hell-raising. They were all good men. <SEP> It was dark early because of the storm. Also because of the storm the streets of Rockfork were deserted. <SEP> Lighted windows glowed jewel-bright through the downpour. They reined in before the town marshals office a box-sized building on Main Street. <SEP> A lamp burned inside but Brannon peering through the window saw that the office was empty. Hed hoped to catch Jesse Macklin there. <SEP> Probably just stepped out he said. Maybe to have supper. Red come along. <SEP> The rest of you wait here. With Red Hogan he rode to the Welcome Cafe. <SEP> Hogan got down from the saddle and had a look inside. Not there he said getting back onto his horse. <SEP> Maybe hes at the hotel. They rode to the Rockfork House a little farther along the opposite side of the street. <SEP> They reined in there Brannon remaining in the saddle while Hogan went to look for Jesse Macklin in the hotel dining room. Brannon had no slicker. <SEP> Hed put on his old brown corduroy coat and it was already soaked. He felt no physical discomfort. <SEP> He was only vaguely aware of the sluicing rain. He hardly noticed the blue-green flashes of lightning and the hard claps of thunder. <SEP> Hogan reappeared stopped on the hotel porch lifted a hand in signal. Brannon dismounted and climbed the steps. <SEP> Hes finished eating Hogan said. Sitting with a cup of coffee now. <SEP> It shouldnt be long. It seemed long at least to Tom Brannon. <SEP> He and Hogan waited by the door one to either side. Macklin was the third man to come out and he came unhurriedly. <SEP> He was puffing on a cigar and he was turning up his coat collar against the rain. It was not until he moved across the porch that he became aware of them and then it was too late. <SEP> They closed in fast kept him from reaching inside his coat for his gun. Just come along Brannon told him. <SEP> Dont start anything you cant finish. Now listen -- Macklin began. <SEP> Well talk over at your office. Brannon I warn you <SEP> Lets go Marshal Brannon said and took him by the arm. Hogan gripped the lawmans other arm. <SEP> They escorted him down from the porch and through the rain to his office. The other five Slash-B men followed them inside crowding the small room. <SEP> His face was stiff with anger when they let go of his arms. He looked at each of them in turn Brannon last of all. <SEP> Ill remember you he said. Every last one of you. As for you Brannon -- <SEP> Put your gun on the desk Marshal. Now hold on damn it I wont -- <SEP> Red Hogans patience ran out. He lifted the skirt of Macklins coat took his gun from its holster tossed it onto the desk. <SEP> Too much fooling around he said. Dont press your luck badge-toter. <SEP> Brannon said Now the key to the lockup Marshal. Key Macklin said. What for <SEP> Cant you guess Brannon said. Were putting you where you wont come to harm. Come on -- the key. <SEP> Get it out Damned if I will. Brannon youve assaulted a law officer and -- <SEP> They moved in on him crowded him from all sides. No man laid a hand on him but the threat of violence was there. <SEP> His face took on a sudden pallor became beaded with sweat and he seemed to have trouble with his breathing. He held out a moment longer then his nerve gave under the pressure. <SEP> He swore and said All right. Its here in my pocket. <SEP> Get it out Brannon ordered. Then as Macklin obeyed : Now lets go out back. Resignedly Macklin turned to the back door. <SEP> They followed him into the rain and across to the squat stone building fifty feet to the rear. The door of the lockup was of oak planks and banded with strap iron. <SEP> It was secured by an oversized padlock. Macklin balked again not wanting to unlock and open the door. <SEP> They crowded him in that threatening way once more forced him to give in. Once the door was open they crowded him inside the dark building. <SEP> He was uttering threats in a low but savage voice when they closed and padlocked the door. They returned to the street mounted their horses rode through the rain to the big house on Houston Street. <SEP> Its windows glowed with lamplight. Deputy Marshal Luke Harper still stood guard on the veranda a forlorn scarecrowish figure in the murky dark. <SEP> He came to the edge of the veranda peered down at them with his hand on his gun. Dont try it Brannon told him dismounting and starting up the steps with his men following. <SEP> Dont get yourself killed for something that doesnt concern you. He strode past the now frightened man entered the house. <SEP> Miguel and Arturo Ramirez remained on the veranda to keep Harper from interfering. The others followed Brannon inside. <SEP> They trailed him across the wide hallway to the parlor four roughly garbed and tough-looking men who probably had never before ventured into such a house. They brought to it all the odors that clung to men like themselves that of their own sweat of campfire smoke of horses and cattle. <SEP> They tracked mud on the oaken floor on the carpet. Their presence fouled the elegance of that room. <SEP> Their arrival caught John Clayton and Charles Ansley off guard.
cf22.txt:Irelands County Limerick near the River Shannon there is a quiet little suburb by the name of Garryowen which means Garden of Owen. <SEP> Undoubtedly none of the residents realize the influence their town has had on American military history or the deeds of valor that have been done in its name. The cry Garryowen Bursting from the lips of a charging cavalry trooper was the last sound heard on this earth by untold numbers of Cheyennes Sioux and Apaches Mexican banditos under Pancho Villa Japanese in the South Pacific and Chinese and North Korean Communists in Korea. <SEP> Garryowen is the battle cry of the th U.S. Cavalry Regiment The Fighting Seventh. Today a battle cry may seem an anachronism for in the modern Army esprit de corps has been sacrificed to organizational charts and tables. <SEP> Dont tell that to a veteran of the Fighting Seventh especially in a saloon on Saturday night. Of all the thousands of men who have served in the th Cav perhaps no one knows its spirit better than Lieutenant Colonel Melbourne C. Chandler. <SEP> Wiry and burr-headed with steel blue eyes and a chest splattered with medals Chandler is the epitome of the old-time trooper. The truth is however that when Mel Chandler first reported to the regiment the only steed he had ever ridden was a swivel chair and the only weapon he had ever wielded was a pencil. <SEP> Chandler had been commissioned in the Medical Service Corps and was serving as a personnel officer for the Kansas City Medical Depot when he decided that if he was going to make the Army his career he wanted to be in the fighting part of it. Though he knew no more about military science and tactics than any other desk officer he managed to get transferred to the combat forces. <SEP> The next thing he knew he was reporting for duty as commanding officer of Troop H th Cavalry in the middle of corps maneuvers in Japan. Outside of combat he couldnt have landed in a tougher spot. <SEP> First of all no unit likes to have a new CO brought in from the outside especially when hes an armchair trooper. Second if there is ever a perfect time to pull the rug out from under him its on maneuvers. <SEP> In combat helping your CO make a fool of himself might mean getting yourself killed. In maneuvers with the top brass watching him all the time its easy. <SEP> Chandler understood this and expected the worst. His first few days with Troop H were full of surprises beginning with First Sergeant Robert Early. <SEP> Chandler had expected a tough old trooper with a gravel voice. Instead Sergeant Early was quiet sharp and confident. <SEP> He had enlisted in the Army straight out of high school and had immediately set about learning his new trade. There was no weapon Early could not take apart and reassemble blind-folded. <SEP> He could lead a patrol and he knew his paper work. Further he had taken full advantage of the Armys correspondence courses. <SEP> He not only knew soldiering but mathematics history and literature as well. For all his erudite confidence Sergeant Early was right out of the Garryowen mold. <SEP> He was filled with the spirit of the Fighting Seventh. That saved Mel Chandler. <SEP> Sergeant Early let the new CO know just how lucky he was to be in the best troop in the best regiment in the United States Army. He fed the captain bits of history about the troops and the regiment. <SEP> For example it was a battalion of the th Cavalry under Colonel George Armstrong Custer that had been wiped out at the Battle of The Little Big Horn. It didnt take Captain Chandler long to realize that he had to carry a heavy load of tradition on his shoulders as commander of Troop Afj. <SEP> What made the load lighter was the realization that every officer non-com and trooper was ready and willing to help him carry it for the good of the troop and the regiment. Maneuvers over the th returned to garrison duty in Tokyo Captain Chandler still with them. <SEP> It was the th Cavalry whose troopers were charged with guarding the Imperial Palace of the Emperor. Still Mel Chandler was not completely convinced that men would really die for a four-syllable word Garryowen. <SEP> The final proof was a small incident. It happened at the St. Patricks Day party a big affair for a regiment which had gone into battle for over three-quarters of a century to the strains of an Irish march. <SEP> In the middle of the party Chandler looked up to see four smiling faces bearing down upon him each beaming above the biggest greenest shamrock he had ever seen. The faces belonged to Lieutenant Marvin Goulding his wife and their two children. <SEP> When the singing began it was the Gouldings who sang the old Irish songs the best. Though there was an occasional good-natured chuckle about Marvin Goulding the Jewish officer from Chicago singing tearfully about the ould sod no one really thought it was strange. <SEP> Marvin Goulding like Giovanni Martini the bugler boy who carried Custers last message or Margarito Lopez the one-man Army on Leyte was a Garryowen through and through. It was no coincidence that Goulding was one of the most beloved platoon leaders in the regiment. <SEP> And so Mel Chandler got the spirit of Garryowen. He set out to keep Troop H the best troop in the best regiment. <SEP> One of his innovations was to see to it that every man -- cook and clerk as well as rifleman -- qualified with every weapon in the troop. Even the mess sergeant Bill Brown a dapper cocky transfer from an airborne division went out on the range. <SEP> The troop received a new leader Lieutenant Robert M. Carroll fresh out of ROTC and bucking for Regular Army status. Carroll was sharp and military but he was up against tough competition for that RA berth and he wanted to play it cool. <SEP> Mel Chandler set out to sell him on the spirit of Garryowen just as he himself had been sold a short time before. When the Korean war began on June the anniversary of the day Custer had gone down fighting at the Little Big Horn and the day the regiment had assaulted the beachhead of Leyte during World War the th Cavalry was not in the best fighting condition. <SEP> Its entire complement of non-commissioned officers on the platoon level had departed as cadre for another unit and its vehicles were still those used in the drive across Luzon in World War. Just a month after the Korean War broke out the th Cavalry was moving into the lines ready for combat. <SEP> From then on the Fighting Seventh was in the thick of the bitterest fighting in Korea. One night on the Naktong River Mel Chandler called on that fabled esprit de corps. <SEP> The regiment was dug in on the east side of the river and the North Koreans were steadily building up a concentration of crack troops on the other side. The troopers knew an attack was coming but they didnt know when and they didnt know where. <SEP> At oclock on the morning of August they were in doubt no longer. Then it came against Troop Afj. <SEP> The enemy had filtered across the river during the night and a full force of men armed with Russian machine guns attacked the position held by Chandlers men. They came in waves. <SEP> First came the cannon fodder white-clad civilians being driven into death as a massive human battering ram. They were followed by crack North Korean troops who mounted one charge after another. <SEP> They overran the th Cavs forward machine-gun positions through sheer weight of numbers over piles of their own dead. Another force flanked the company and took up a position on a hill to the rear. <SEP> Captain Chandler saw that it was building up strength. He assembled a group of men composed of wounded troopers awaiting evacuation the company clerk supply men cooks and drivers and led them to the hill. <SEP> One of the more seriously wounded was Lieutenant Carroll the young officer bucking for the Regular Army. Chandler left Carroll at the bottom of the hill to direct any reinforcements he could find to the fight. <SEP> Then Mel Chandler started up the hill. He took one step two broke into a trot and then into a run. <SEP> The first thing he knew the words Garryowen Burst from his throat. His followers shouted the old battle cry after him and charged the hill firing as they ran. <SEP> The Koreans fell back but regrouped at the top of the hill and pinned down the cavalrymen with a screen of fire. Chandler looking to right and left to see how his men were faring suddenly saw another figure bounding up the hill hurling grenades and hollering the battle cry as he ran. <SEP> It was Bob Carroll who had suddenly found himself imbued with the spirit of Garryowen. He had formed his own task force of three stragglers and led them up the hill in a Fighting Seventh charge. <SEP> Because of this diversionary attack the main group that had been pinned down on the hill was able to surge forward again. An enemy grenade hit Carroll in the head and detonated simultaneously. <SEP> He went down like a wet rag and the attackers hit the dirt in the face of the withering enemy fire. Enemy reinforcements came pouring down seeking a soft spot. <SEP> They found it at the junction between Troops H and G and prepared to counterattack. Marvin Goulding saw what was happening. <SEP> He turned to his platoon. Okay men he said. <SEP> Follow me. Goulding leaped to his feet and started forward Garryowen On his lips his men following. <SEP> The bullets whacked home before he finished his battle cry and Marvin Goulding fell dead. For an instant his men hesitated unable to believe that their lieutenant the most popular officer in the regiment was dead. <SEP> Then they let out a bellow of anguish and rage and cursing screaming and hollering Garryowen They charged into the enemy like wild men. That finished the job that Captain Chandler and Lieutenant Carroll had begun. <SEP> Gouldings platoon pushed back the enemy soldiers and broke up the timing of the entire enemy attack. Reinforcements came up quickly to take advantage of the opening made by Gouldings platoon. <SEP> The North Koreans threw away their guns and fled across the rice paddies. Artillery and air strikes were called in to kill them by the hundreds. <SEP> Though Bob Carroll seemed to have had his head practically blown off by the exploding grenade he lived. Today he is a major -- in the Regular Army. <SEP> So filled was Mel Chandler with the spirit of Garryowen that after Korea was over he took on the job of writing the complete history of the regiment. After years of digging nights and weekends he put together the big profusely illustrated book Of Garryowen And Glory which is probably the most complete history of any military unit. <SEP> The battle of the Naktong River is just one example of how the battle cry and the spirit of The Fighting Seventh have paid off. For nearly a century the cry has never failed to rally the fighting men of the regiment. <SEP> Take the case of Major Marcus A. Reno who survived the Battle of The Little Big Horn in. From the enlisted men he pistol-whipped to the subordinate officer whose wife he tried to rape a lot of men had plenty of reason heartily to dislike Marcus Reno. <SEP> Many of his fellow officers refused to speak to him. When a board of inquiry was called to look into the charges of cowardice made against him the men who had seen Reno leave the battlefield and the officer who had heard Reno suggest that the wounded be left to be tortured by the Sioux refused to say a harsh word against him. <SEP> He was a member of The Fighting Seventh. Although it was at the Battle of The Little Horn about which more words have been written than any other battle in American history that the th Cavalry first made its mark in history the regiment was ten years old by then. <SEP> Brevet Major General George Armstrong Custer was the regiments first permanent commander and like such generals as George S. Patton and Terry De La Mesa Allen in their rise to military prominence Custer was a believer in blood and guts warfare. During the Civil War Custer who achieved a brilliant record was made brigadier general at the age of. <SEP> He finished the war as a major general commanding a full division and at was the youngest major general in the history of the U.S. Army.
cm04.txt:Hefted his bulk up and supported it on one elbow. <SEP> He rubbed his eyes sleepily with one huge paw. Ekstrohm Nogol you guys okay <SEP> Nothing wrong with me that couldnt be cured Nogol said. He didnt say what would cure him he had been explaining all during the trip what he needed to make him feel like himself. <SEP> His small black eyes darted inside the olive oval of his face. Ekstrohm Ryan insisted. Okay. <SEP> Well lets take a ground-level look at the country around here. The facsiport rolled open on the landscape. <SEP> A range of bluffs hugged the horizon the color of decaying moss. Above them the sky was the black of space or the almost equal black of the winter sky above Minneapolis seen against neon-lit snow. <SEP> That cold empty sky was full of fire and light. It seemed almost a magnification of the Galaxy itself of the Milky Way blown up by some master photographer. <SEP> This fiery swath was actually only a belt of minor planets almost like the asteroid belt in the original Solar System. These planets were much bigger nearly all capable of holding an atmosphere. <SEP> To the infuriation of scientists for no known reason not all of them did. This would be the fifth mapping expedition to the planetoids of Yancy- in three generations. <SEP> They lay months away from the nearest Earth star by jump drive and no one knew what they were good for although it was felt that they would probably be good for something if it could only be discovered -- much like the continent of Antarctica in ancient history. How can a planet with so many neighbors be so lonely Ryan asked. <SEP> He was the captain so he could ask questions like that. Some can be lonely in a crowd Nogol said elaborately. <SEP> What will we need outside Ryan Ekstrohm asked. No helmets the captain answered. <SEP> We can breathe out there all right. It just wont be easy. <SEP> This old world lost all of its helium and trace gases long ago. Nitrogen and oxygen are about it. <SEP> Ryan look over there Nogol said. Animals. Ringing the ship. <SEP> Think theyre intelligent maybe hostile I think theyre dead Ekstrohm interjected quietly. <SEP> I get no readings from them at all. Sonic electronic galvanic -- all blank. According to these needles theyre stone dead. <SEP> Ekstrohm you and I will have a look Ryan said. You hold down the fort Nogol. <SEP> Take it easy. Easy Nogol confirmed. <SEP> I heard a story once about a rookie who got excited when the captain stepped outside and he couldnt get an encephalographic reading on him. Me I know the mind of an officer works in a strange and unfathomable manner. <SEP> Im not worried about you mis-reading the dials Nogol just about a lug like you reading them at all. Remember when the little hand is straight up thats negative. <SEP> Positive results start when it goes towards the hand you use to make your mark. Im ambidextrous. <SEP> Ryan told him what he could do then. Ekstrohm smiled and followed the captain through the airlock with only a glance at the lapel gauge on his coverall. <SEP> The strong negative field his suit set up would help to repel bacteria and insects. Actually the types of infection that could attack a warm-blooded mammal were not infinite and over the course of the last few hundred years adequate defenses had been found for all basic categories. <SEP> He wasnt likely to come down with hot chills and puzzling striped fever. They ignored the ladder down to the planet surface and with only a glance at the seismological gauge to judge surface resistance dropped to the ground. <SEP> It was day but in the thin atmosphere contrasts were sharp between light and shadow. They walked from midnight to noon noon to midnight and came to the beast sprawled on its side. <SEP> Ekstrohm nudged it with a boot. Hey this is pretty close to a wart-hog. <SEP> Uh-huh Ryan admitted. One of the best matches Ive ever found. Well it has to happen. Statistical average and all. <SEP> Still it sometimes gives you a creepy feeling to find a rabbit or a snapping turtle on some strange world. It makes you wonder if this exploration business isnt all some big joke and somebody has been everywhere before you even started. <SEP> The surveyor looked sidewise at the captain. The big man seldom gave out with such thoughts. <SEP> Ekstrohm cleared his throat. What shall we do with this one <SEP> Dissect it Ryan nudged it with his toe following Ekstrohms example. <SEP> I dont know Stormy. It sure as hell doesnt look like any dominant intelligent species to me. No hands for one thing. <SEP> Of course thats not definite proof. No it isnt Ekstrohm said. <SEP> I think wed better let it lay until we get a clearer picture of the ecological setup around here. In the meantime we might be thinking on the problem all these dead beasts represent. <SEP> What killed them It looks like we did when we made blastdown. <SEP> What about our landing was lethal to the creatures Radiation Ekstrohm suggested. <SEP> The planet is very low in radiation from mineral deposits and the atmosphere seems to shield out most of the solar output. Any little dose of radiation might knock off these critters. <SEP> I dont know about that. Maybe it would work the other way. <SEP> Maybe because they have had virtually no radioactive exposure and dont have any Rs stored up they could take a lot without harm. Then maybe it was the shockwave we set up. <SEP> Maybe its sheer xenophobia. They curl up and die at the sight of something strange and alien -- like a spaceship. <SEP> Maybe the captain admitted. At this stage of the game anything could be possible. <SEP> Theres one possibility I particularly dont like. That is <SEP> Suppose it was not us that killed these aliens. Suppose it is something right on the planet native to it. <SEP> I just hope it doesnt work on Earthmen too. These critters went real sudden. <SEP> Ekstrohm lay in his bunk and thought the camp is quiet. The Earthmen made camp outside the spaceship. <SEP> There was no reason to leave the comfortable quarters inside the ship except that faced with a possibility of sleeping on solid ground they simply had to get out. The camp was a cluster of aluminum bubbles ringed with a spy web to alert the Earthmen to the approach of any being. <SEP> Each man had a bubble to himself privacy after the long period of enforced intimacy on board the ship. Ekstrohm lay in his bunk and listened to the sounds of the night on Yancey-. <SEP> There was a keening of wind and a cracking of the frozen ground. Insects there were on the world but they were frozen solid during the night only to revive and thaw in the morning sun. <SEP> The bunk he lay on was much more uncomfortable than the acceleration couches on board. He knew the others were sleeping more soundly now that they had renewed their contact with the matter that had birthed them to send them riding high vacuum. <SEP> Ekstrohm was not asleep. Now there could be an end to pretending. <SEP> He threw off the light blanket and swung his feet off the bunk to the floor. Ekstrohm stood up. <SEP> There was no longer any need to hide. What was there to do <SEP> What had changed for him He no longer had to lie in his bunk all night his eyes closed pretending to sleep. <SEP> In privacy he could walk around leave the light on read. It was small comfort for insomnia. <SEP> Ekstrohm never slept. Some doctors had informed him he was mistaken about this. <SEP> Actually they said he did sleep but so shortly and fitfully that he forgot. Others admitted he was absolutely correct -- he never slept. <SEP> His body processes only slowed down enough for him to dispell fatigue poisons. Occasionally he fell into a waking gritty-eyed stupor but he never slept. Never at all. <SEP> Naturally he couldnt let his shipmates know this. Insomnia would ground him from the Exploration Service on physiological if not psychological grounds. <SEP> He had to hide it. Over the years he had had buddies in space in whom he thought he could confide. <SEP> The buddies invariably took advantage of him. Since he couldnt sleep anyway he might as well stand their watches for them or write their reports. <SEP> Where the hell did he get off threatening to report any laxness on their part to the captain A man with insomnia had better avoid bad dreams of that kind if he knew what was good for him. <SEP> Ekstrohm had to hide his secret. In a camp instead of shipboard hiding the secret was easier. <SEP> The secret itself was just as hard. Ekstrohm picked up a lightweight no-back from the ships library a book by Bloch the famous twentieth century expert on sex. <SEP> He scanned a few lines on the social repercussions of a celebrated nineteenth century sex murderer but he couldnt seem to concentrate on the weighty pontifical ponderous style. On impulse he flipped up the heat control on his coverall and slid back the hatch of the bubble. <SEP> Ekstrohm walked through the alien glass and looked up at the unfamiliar constellations smelling the frozen sterility of the thin air. Behind him his mates stirred without waking. <SEP> Ekstrohm was startled in the morning by a banging on the hatch of his bubble. It took him a few seconds to put his thoughts in order and then he got up from the bunk where he had been resting sleeplessly. <SEP> The angry burnt-red face of Ryan greeted him. Okay Stormy this isnt the place for fun and games. <SEP> What did you do with them Do with what The dead beasties. All the dead animals laying around the ship. What are you talking about Ryan <SEP> What do you think I did with them I dont know. <SEP> All I know is that they are gone. Gone Ekstrohm shouldered his way outside and scanned the veldt. <SEP> There was no ring of animal corpses. Nothing. Nothing but wispy grass whipping in the keen breeze. Ill be damned Ekstrohm said. <SEP> You are right now buddy. ExPe doesnt like anybody mucking up primary evidence. <SEP> Where do you get off Ryan Ekstrohm demanded. Why pick me for your patsy <SEP> This has got to be some kind of local phenomenon. Why accuse a shipmate of being behind this <SEP> Listen Ekstrohm I want to give you the benefit of every doubt. You arent exactly the model of a surveyor you know. <SEP> Youve been riding on a pink ticket for six years you know that. No Ekstrohm said No I didnt know that. <SEP> Youve been hiding things from me and Nogol every jump weve made with you. Now comes this <SEP> It fits the pattern of secrecy and stealth youve been involved in. What could I do with your lousy dead bodies <SEP> What would I want with them All I know is that you were outside the bubbles last night and you were the only sentient being who came in or out of our alarm web. <SEP> The tapes show that. Now all the bodies are missing like they got up and walked away. <SEP> It was not a new experience to Ekstrohm. No. Suspicion wasnt new to him at all. <SEP> Ryan there are other explanations for the disappearance of the bodies. Look for them will you <SEP> I give you my word Im not trying to pull some stupid kind of joke or to deliberately foul up the expedition. Take my word cant you <SEP> Ryan shook his head. I dont think I can. <SEP> Theres still such a thing as mental illness. You may not be responsible. <SEP> Ekstrohm scowled. Dont try anything violent Stormy. <SEP> I outweigh you fifty pounds and Im fast for a big man. I wasnt planning on jumping you. <SEP> Why do you have to jump me the first time something goes wrong
ck11.txt:In the shelter of the tent -- a rejected hospital tent on which the rain now dripped no longer drumming -- Adam watched his own hands touch the objects on the improvised counter of boards laid across two beer barrels. <SEP> There was of course no real need to rearrange everything. A quarter inch this way or that for the hardbake or the toffee or the barley sugar or the sardines or the bitters or the condensed milk or the stationery or the needles -- what could it mean Adam watched his own hands make the caressing anxious movement that when rain falls and nobody comes and ruin draws close like a cat rubbing against the ankles has been the ritual of stall vendors forever. <SEP> He recognized the gesture. He knew its meaning. <SEP> He had seen a dry old yellowing hand reach out with that painful solicitude to touch to rearrange to shift aimlessly some object worth a pfennig. Back in Bavaria he had seen that gesture and at that sight his heart had always died within him. <SEP> On such occasions he had not had the courage to look at the face above the hand whatever face it might be. Now the face was his own. <SEP> He wondered what expression as he made that gesture was on his face. He wondered if it wore the old anxiety or the old taut stoicism. <SEP> There was no need he remembered for his hand to reach out for his face to show concern or stoicism. It was nothing to him if rain fell and nobody came. <SEP> Then why was he assuming the role -- the gesture and the suffering What was he expiating <SEP> he now taking the role -- the gesture and the suffering -- because it was the only way to affirm his history and identity in the torpid befogged loneliness of this land. This was Virginia. <SEP> He looked out of the tent at the company street. The rain dripped on the freezing loblolly of the street. <SEP> Beyond that misty gray of the rain he saw the stretching hutment low diminutive log cabins chinked with mud with doorways a man would have to crouch to get through with roofs of tenting laid over boughs or boards from hardtack boxes or fence rails with cranky chimneys of sticks and dried mud. The chimney of the hut across from him was surmounted by a beef barrel with ends knocked out. <SEP> In this heavy air however that device did not seem to help. The smoke from that chimney rose as sluggishly as smoke from any other and hung as sadly in the drizzle creeping back down along the sopping canvas of the roof. <SEP> Over the door was a board with large inept lettering : home sweet home. This was the hut of Simms Purdew the hero. <SEP> The men were huddled in those lairs. Adam knew the names of some. <SEP> He knew the faces of all hairy or shaven old or young fat or thin suffering or hardened sad or gay good or bad. When they stood about his tent chaffing each other exchanging their obscenities cursing command or weather he had studied their faces. <SEP> He had had the need to understand what life lurked behind the mask of flesh behind the oath the banter the sadness. Once covertly looking at Simms Purdew the only man in the world whom he hated he had seen the heavy slack bestubbled jaw open and close to emit the cruel obscene banter and had seen the pale-blue eyes go watery with whisky and merriment and suddenly he was not seeing the face of that vile creature. <SEP> He was seeing somehow the face of a young boy the boy Simms Purdew must once have been a boy with sorrel hair and blue eyes dancing with gaiety and the boy mouth grinning trustfully among the freckles. In that moment of vision Adam heard the voice within himself saying : I must not hate him I must not hate him or I shall die. <SEP> His heart suddenly opened to joy. He thought that if once only once he could talk with Simms Purdew something about his own life and all life would be clear and simple. <SEP> Simms Purdew would turn to him and say : Adam you know when I was a boy it was a funny thing happened. Lemme tell you now -- If only Simms Purdew could do that whatever the thing he remembered and told. <SEP> It would be a sign for the untellable and he Adam would understand. Now Adam in the gray light of afternoon stared across at the hut opposite his tent and thought of Simms Purdew lying in there in the gloom snoring on his bunk with the fumes of whisky choking the air. <SEP> He saw the sign above the door of the hut : home sweet home. He saw the figure of a man in a poncho coming up the company street with an armful of wood. <SEP> It was Pullen James the campmate of Simms Purdew. He carried the wood carried the water did the cooking cleaning and mending and occasionally got a kick in the butt for his pains. <SEP> Adam watched the moisture flow from the poncho. It gave the rubberized fabric a dull gleam like metal. <SEP> Pullen James humbly lowered his head pushed aside the hardtack-box door of the hut and was gone from sight. Adam stared at the door and remembered that Simms Purdew had been awarded the Medal of Honor for gallantry at Antietam. <SEP> The street was again empty. The drizzle was slacking off now but the light was grayer. <SEP> With enormous interest Adam watched his hands as they touched and shifted the objects on the board directly before him. Into the emptiness of the street and his spirit moved a form. <SEP> The form was swathed in an army blanket much patched fastened at the neck with a cord. From under the shapeless huddle of blanket the feet moved in the mud. <SEP> The feet wore army shoes in obvious disrepair. The head was wrapped in a turban and on top of the turban rode a great hamper across which a piece of poncho had been flung. <SEP> The gray face stared straight ahead in the drizzle. Moisture ran down the cheeks gathered at the tip of the nose and at the chin. <SEP> The figure was close enough now for him to see the nose twitching to dislodge the drop clinging there. The figure stopped and one hand was perilously freed from the hamper to scratch the nose. <SEP> Then the figure moved on. This was one of the Irish women who had built their own huts down near the river. <SEP> They did washing. Adam recognized this one. <SEP> He recognized her because she was the one who in a winter twilight on the edge of camp had once stopped him and reached down her hand to touch his fly. Slice o mutton bhoy She had queried in her soft guttural. Slice o mutton <SEP> Her name was Mollie. They called her Mollie the Mutton and laughed. <SEP> Looking down the street after her Adam saw that she had again stopped and again removed one hand from the basket. He could not make out but he knew that again she was scratching her nose. <SEP> Mollie the Mutton was scratching her nose. The words ran crazily in his head : Mollie the Mutton is scratching her nose in the rain. <SEP> Then the words fell into a pattern : Mollie the Mutton is scratching her nose Scratching her nose in the rain. Mollie the Mutton is scratching her nose in the rain. <SEP> The pattern would not stop. It came again and again. <SEP> He felt trapped in that pattern in the repetition. Suddenly he thought he might weep. <SEP> Whats the matter with me He demanded out loud. He looked wildly around at the now empty street at the mud at the rain. <SEP> Oh whats the matter with me He demanded. When he had stored his stock in the great oak chest locked the two big hasps and secured the additional chain tied the fly of the tent and picked up the cash box he moved up the darkening street. <SEP> He would consign the cash box into the hands of Jed Hawksworth then stand by while his employer checked the contents and the list of items sold. Then he -- Then what He did not know. <SEP> His mind closed on that prospect as though fog had descended to blot out a valley. Far off in the dusk he heard voices singing muffled but strong. <SEP> In one of the huts a group of men were huddled together singing. He stopped. <SEP> He strained to hear. He heard the words : Rock of Ages cleft for me Let me hide myself in Thee Let the water and the blood From Thy riven side flow <SEP> He thought : I am a Jew from Bavaria. He was standing there he thought in Virginia in the thickening dusk in a costly greatcoat that had belonged to another Jew. <SEP> That other Jew a young man too had left that greatcoat behind in a rich house and marched away. He had crossed the river which now beyond the woods yonder was sliding darkly under the mist. <SEP> He had plunged into the dark woods beyond. He had died there. <SEP> What had that man that other young Jew felt as he stood in the twilight and heard other men far away singing together Adam thought of the hutments regiment after regiment row after row the thousands of huts stretching away into the night. <SEP> He thought of the men the nameless thousands huddling in them. He thought of Simms Purdew snoring on his bunk while Pullen James crouched by the hearth skirmishing an undershirt for lice and a wet log sizzled. <SEP> He thought of Simms Purdew who once had risen at the edge of a cornfield a maniacal scream on his lips and swung a clubbed musket like a flail to beat down the swirl of Rebel bayonets about him. He thought of Simms Purdew rising up fearless in glory. <SEP> He felt the sweetness of pity flood through him veining his very flesh. Those men lying in the huts they did not know. <SEP> They did not know who they were or know their own worth. In the pity for them his loneliness was gone. <SEP> Then he thought of Aaron Blaustein standing in his rich house saying : God is tired of taking the blame. He is going to let History take the blame for a while. <SEP> He thought of the old man laughing under the glitter of the great chandelier. He thought : Only in my heart can I make the world hang together. <SEP> Adam rose from the crouch necessary to enter the hut. He saw Mose squatting by the hearth breaking up hardtack into a pan. <SEP> A pot was boiling on the coals. Gon na give Ole Buckra all his money Mose asked softly. <SEP> Adam nodded. Yeah Mose murmured yeah. <SEP> Look what he done give us. Adam looked at the pot. <SEP> What is it He asked. Chicken Mose said and theatrically licked his lips. Gret big fat chicken yeah. <SEP> He licked his lips again. Then : yeah. A chicken with six tits and a tail lak a corkscrew. It squealed for slop. <SEP> Mose giggled. Fooled you huh It is the same ole same tell me its name. <SEP> It is sowbelly with tits on. It is salt pok. <SEP> It is salt pok and skippers. That pok it was so full of skippers it would jump and run and not come when you say hoo-pig. <SEP> Had to put my foot on it to hole it down while I cut it up fer the lob-scuse. He dumped the pan of crumbled hardtack into the boiling pot of lobscouse. <SEP> Good ole lob-scuse he mumbled and stirred the pot. He stopped stirring and looked over his shoulder. <SEP> Know what Ole Buckra et tonight He demanded. Know what I had to fix fer Ole Him <SEP> Adam shook his head. Chicken Mose said.
cm03.txt:Was not for the Angel just a matter of running through a logical or deductive chain or deciding on some action from some already established premise. <SEP> No doubt the Angels could do that kind of thing as fast as any computer. What Gabriel was being asked to do now however was to re-examine all his basic assumptions make value-judgments on them and give them new and different powers in his mind to govern his motives. <SEP> This is not wholly a reasoning process -- a computer can not do it all -- and even in an Angel it takes time. -LRB- Or perhaps especially in an Angel whose assumptions had mostly been fixed millions of years ago. -RRB- Being reasonably sure of the reason for the long pause however did not make it seem any less long to Jack. <SEP> He had already become used to Hesperus snapping back answers to questions almost before Jack could get them asked. There was nothing he could do but wait. <SEP> The dice were cast. At last Gabriel spoke. <SEP> We misjudged you he said slowly. We had concluded that no race as ephemeral as yours could have had time to develop a sense of justice. <SEP> Of course we have before us the example of the great races at the galactic center individually they are nearly as mortal as you -- the difference does not seem very marked to us where it exists. They have survived for long periods as races whereas you are young. <SEP> We shall recommend to them that they shorten your trial period by half. For now it is clear that we were in the wrong. <SEP> You may reclaim your property and the penalty on Hesperus is lifted. Hesperus you may speak. <SEP> I did not perceive this essential distinction either First-Born Hesperus said at once I was only practicing a concept that Jack taught me called a deal. Nevertheless you were its agent. <SEP> Jack what is the nature of this concept Its a kind of agreement in which each party gives something to the other Jack said. <SEP> We regard it as fair only when each party feels that what he has received is as valuable or more valuable than what he has given. His heart he discovered was pounding. <SEP> For instance Hesperus agreed to help me find my property and I agreed to take him to Earth. Between individuals this process is called bargaining. <SEP> When it is done between races or nations it is called making a treaty. The major part of my mission to your nest is to make a treaty between your race and mine. <SEP> Recovering the property was much less important. Strange Gabriel said. And apparently impossible. <SEP> Though it might be that we would have much to give you you have nothing to give us. Hesperus and Lucifer Jack said show that we do. <SEP> Another pause but this one was not nearly as long. Then it is a matter of pleasure of curiosity of a more alive time. <SEP> Yes those could be commodities under this concept. You should understand Jack that Hesperus and Lucifer are not long out of the nursery. <SEP> Visiting the Earth would not be an offering of worth to those of us who are older. This explained a great deal. All the more reason then Jack said why we must have a treaty. <SEP> We will gladly entertain your young and give them proper living quarters in return for their help in running our fusion reactors. We must know if this is in accordance with your customs and must have your agreement they will not misuse the power we put in their hands to our hurt. <SEP> This simply requires that they behave in accordance with the dictates of their own natures and respect yours in turn. To this we of course agree. <SEP> Jack felt a wave of complete elation but in a second it had vanished without a trace. What Gabriel was asking was that mankind forego all its parochial moral judgments and contract to let the Angels serve on Earth as it is in Heaven regardless of the applicable Earth laws. <SEP> The Angels in turn would exercise similar restraints in respect for the natural preferences and natures of the Earthmen -- but they had no faintest notion of mans perverse habit of passing and enforcing laws which were contrary to his own preferences and violations of his nature. The simple treaty principle that Gabriel was asking him to ratify in short was nothing less than total trust. <SEP> Nothing less would serve. It might be considering the uncomfortable custom the Angels had of thinking of everything in terms of absolutes that the proposal of anything less might well amount instead to something like a declaration of war. <SEP> Furthermore even the highly trained law clerk who was a part of Jacks total make-up could not understand how the principle could ever be codified. Almost the whole experience of mankind pointed toward suspicion not trust as the safest and sanest attitude toward all outsiders. <SEP> There was some precedent for it. The history of disarmament agreements for instance had been unreassuringly dismal but the United States and the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics nevertheless did eventually agree on an atomic bomb test ban and a sort of provisional acceptance of each others good intentions on this limited question. <SEP> Out of that agreement though not by any easy road eventually emerged the present world hegemony of the United Nations suspicion between member states still existed but it was of about the same low order of virulence as the twentieth-century rivalry between Arizona and California over water supplies. Besides agreements in principle with the petty details to be thrashed out later were commonplace in diplomatic history. <SEP> The trouble with them was that they almost never worked and in fact an agreement in principle historically turned out to be a sure sign that neither party really wanted the quarrel settled. Suppose that this one were to work <SEP> There was no question in Jacks mind of the good faith on one side at least. If mankind could be convinced of that It was worth trying. <SEP> In fact it had to be tried. It would be at once the most tentative and most final treaty that Earth had ever signed. <SEP> Secretary Hart had taught Jack at least partially to be content with small beginnings in all diplomatic matters but there was no small way to handle this one. He turned back to the screens the crucial conclusive phrase on his lips. <SEP> He was too late. He had lost his audience. <SEP> For a moment he could make no sense at all of what he saw. It seemed to be only a riot of color light and meaningless activity. <SEP> Gradually he realized that the pentagon of Angel elders had vanished and that the ritual learning dance of the nursery had been broken up. The Angels in the nursery were zigzagging wildly in all directions seemingly at random. Hesperus <SEP> Whats going on here Whats happened <SEP> Your brothers have been found. They are on their way here. Where <SEP> I dont see them. The instruments dont show them. <SEP> You cant see them yet Jack. Theyll be in range in a short while. <SEP> Jack scanned the skies the boards and the skies again. Nothing. No -- there was a tiny pip on the radar and it was getting bigger rapidly. <SEP> If that was the skiff it was making unprecedented speed. Then the skiff hove into sight just a dot of light at first against the roiling blackness and crimson streaks of the Coal Sack. <SEP> Through the telescope Jack could see that both spacesuits were still attached to it. The sail was still unfurled though there were a good many holes in it as Langer had predicted would be the case by now. <SEP> It was a startling almost numenous sight but even more awesome was the fact that it was trailing an enormous comets-tail of Angels. The skiff was not heading for the nursery however. <SEP> It seemed unlikely that her crew if either of them were alive could even see the Ariadne for they were passing her at a distance of nearly a light-year. And there would be no chance of signaling them -- without the Nernst generator Jack could not send a call powerful enough to get through all the static and by the time he could rebuild his fusion power the skiff would be gone. <SEP> Fuming helpless he watched them pass him. The sail ragged though it was still had enough surface to catch some of the ocean of power being poured out from the nursery stars. <SEP> He would never have believed without seeing it that the bizarre little vessel could go so fast. Where was it going <SEP> why was it causing so much agitation among the Angels and being followed by so many of them There was only one possible answer but Jacks horrified mind refused to believe it until he had fed the radar plots of the skiffs course into the computer. <SEP> The curve on the card the computer spat back at him couldnt be argued with however. The skiff was headed for the very center of the nebula -- toward that place which Jack knew now could hold nothing less important than the very core of the Angels life and religion. <SEP> It was clear that Langer had at last found a way to attract the Angels attention. It was equally clear that as of this moment the treaty was off. Stern chase <SEP> Langer would have to be headed off whether he knew where he was going or not. Almost surely he did after all he had had the same set of facts as Jack had had to work from and he was an almost frighteningly observant man. <SEP> Not having talked to the Angels he had made a wrong turn in his reasoning somewhere along the line. He decided perhaps that the center of the cloud was a center of government instead of a center of life and faith <SEP> it didnt matter now whether he meant to invade the Holy of Holies or was simply headed in that direction by accident. If it was intentional it was now also unnecessary and whether intentional or not the outcome would be disastrous. <SEP> Jack crawled under the boards and restored the six feet of lead line he had excised from the Nernst generator switch. When he was back on his feet again and about to reinstall the fuses however he hesitated. <SEP> He had to have fusion power to catch up with the skiff and he had to have it fast. Fusion power in the Coal Sack was what had triggered all the trouble in the first place -- and he already had an Angel aboard. Hesperus <SEP> Receiving. Im going to turn my generator back on as I promised to do. <SEP> I cant take you to Earth yet. First Ive got to intercept my brothers before they get any deeper into trouble. <SEP> Will you obstruct this or will you help I know its not part of the bargain and your elders might not like it. <SEP> Nobody else can live in your hearth while I am in it Hesperus said promptly. As for my elders they have already admitted that they were wrong. <SEP> If because of this incident they become angry with Earth I will not be permitted to go there at all. Therefore of course I will help. <SEP> With a short-lived sigh of relief Jack plugged the fuses back in and threw the switch. Without an instants transition the green light that meant full fusion power winked on the board. <SEP> Always before it had taken five minutes to -- Of course. Hesperus was in there. <SEP> From here on out the Ariadne was going to be hotter than any space cruiser man had ever dreamed of. Since he had failed to anticipate it he lost the five minutes anyhow in plotting an intercept orbit. <SEP> Hesperus dont use this t-tau vector trick of yours please.
cf21.txt:Tsunami may be started by a sea bottom slide an earthquake or a volcanic eruption. <SEP> The most infamous of all was launched by the explosion of the island of Krakatoa in it raced across the Pacific at miles an hour devastated the coasts of Java and Sumatra with waves to feet high and pounded the shore as far away as San Francisco. The ancient Greeks recorded several catastrophic inundations by huge waves. <SEP> Whether or not Platos tale of the lost continent of Atlantis is true skeptics concede that the myth may have some foundation in a great tsunami of ancient times. Indeed a tremendously destructive tsunami that arose in the Arabian Sea in has even revived the interest of geologists and archaeologists in the Biblical story of the Flood. <SEP> One of the most damaging tsunami on record followed the famous Lisbon earthquake of November its waves persisted for a week and were felt as far away as the English coast. Tsunami are rare however in the Atlantic Ocean they are far more common in the Pacific. <SEP> Japan has had destructive ones -LRB- eight of them disastrous -RRB- since. The Hawaiian Islands are struck severely an average of once every years. <SEP> In an earthquake in Japan generated waves so huge that they piled into the Inland Sea one wave swamped more than ships and boats in Osaka Bay. A tsunami in the Hawaiian Islands in washed away an entire town -LRB- Ponoluu -RRB- leaving only two forlorn trees standing where the community had been. <SEP> In a Japanese tsunami killed people and swept away homes. The dimensions of these waves dwarf all our usual standards of measurement. <SEP> An ordinary sea wave is rarely more than a few hundred feet long from crest to crest -- no longer than feet in the Atlantic or feet in the Pacific. A tsunami often extends more than miles and sometimes as much as miles from crest to crest. <SEP> While a wind wave never travels at more than miles per hour the velocity of a tsunami in the open sea must be reckoned in hundreds of miles per hour. The greater the depth of the water the greater is the speed of the wave Lagranges law says that its velocity is equal to the square root of the product of the depth times the acceleration due to gravity. <SEP> In the deep waters of the Pacific these waves reach a speed of miles per hour. Tsunami are so shallow in comparison with their length that in the open ocean they are hardly detectable. <SEP> Their amplitude sometimes is as little as two feet from trough to crest. Usually it is only when they approach shallow water on the shore that they build up to their terrifying heights. <SEP> On the fateful day in when the great waves approached Japan fishermen at sea noticed no unusual swells. Until they sailed home at the end of the day through a sea strewn with bodies and the wreckage of houses were they aware of what had happened. <SEP> The seemingly quiet ocean had crashed a wall of water from to feet high upon beaches crowded with bathers drowning thousands of them and flattening villages along the shore. The giant waves are more dangerous on flat shores than on steep ones. <SEP> They usually range from to feet in height but when they pour into a V-shaped inlet or harbor they may rise to mountainous proportions. Generally the first salvo of a tsunami is a rather sharp swell not different enough from an ordinary wave to alarm casual observers. <SEP> This is followed by a tremendous suck of water away from the shore as the first great trough arrives. Reefs are left high and dry and the beaches are covered with stranded fish. <SEP> At Hilo large numbers of people ran out to inspect the amazing spectacle of the denuded beach. Many of them paid for their curiosity with their lives for some minutes later the first giant wave roared over the shore. <SEP> After an earthquake in Japan in people on the coast at Tugaru were so terrified by the extraordinary ebbing of the sea that they scurried to higher ground. When a second quake came they dashed back to the beach fearing that they might be buried under landslides. <SEP> Just as they reached the shore the first huge wave crashed upon them. A tsunami is not a single wave but a series. <SEP> The waves are separated by intervals of minutes to an hour or more -LRB- because of their great length -RRB- and this has often lulled people into thinking after the first great wave has crashed that it is all over. The waves may keep coming for many hours. <SEP> Usually the third to the eighth waves in the series are the biggest. Among the observers of the tsunami at Hilo was Francis P. Shepard of the Scripps Institution of Oceanography one of the worlds foremost marine geologists. <SEP> He was able to make a detailed inspection of the waves. Their onrush and retreat he reported was accompanied by a great hissing roaring and rattling. <SEP> The third and fourth waves seemed to be the highest. On some of the islands beaches the waves came in gently they were steepest on the shores facing the direction of the seaquake from which the waves had come. <SEP> In Hilo Bay they were from to feet high. The highest waves feet occurred at Pololu Valley. <SEP> Scientists and fishermen have occasionally seen strange by-products of the phenomenon. During a tsunami in Japan the sea glowed brilliantly at night. <SEP> The luminosity of the water is now believed to have been caused by the stimulation of vast numbers of the luminescent organism Noctiluca miliaris by the turbulence of the sea. Japanese fishermen have sometimes observed that sardines hauled up in their nets during a tsunami have enormously swollen stomachs the fish have swallowed vast numbers of bottom-living diatoms raised to the surface by the disturbance. <SEP> The waves of a tsunami in Sagami Bay brought to the surface and battered to death huge numbers of fishes that normally live at a depth of feet. Gratified fishermen hauled them in by the thousands. <SEP> The tsunami-warning system developed since the disaster in Hawaii relies mainly on a simple and ingenious instrument devised by Commander C.K. Green of the Coast and Geodetic Survey staff. It consists of a series of pipes and a pressure-measuring chamber which record the rise and fall of the water surface. <SEP> Ordinary water tides are disregarded. When waves with a period of between and minutes begin to roll over the ocean they set in motion a corresponding oscillation in a column of mercury which closes an electric circuit. <SEP> This in turn sets off an alarm notifying the observers at the station that a tsunami is in progress. Such equipment has been installed at Hilo Midway Attu and Dutch Harbor. <SEP> The moment the alarm goes off information is immediately forwarded to Honolulu which is the center of the warning system. This center also receives prompt reports on earthquakes from four Coast Survey stations in the Pacific which are equipped with seismographs. <SEP> Its staff makes a preliminary determination of the epicenter of the quake and alerts tide stations near the epicenter for a tsunami. By means of charts showing wave-travel times and depths in the ocean at various locations it is possible to estimate the rate of approach and probable time of arrival at Hawaii of a tsunami getting under way at any spot in the Pacific. <SEP> The civil and military authorities are then advised of the danger and they issue warnings and take all necessary protective steps. All of these activities are geared to a top-priority communication system and practice tests have been held to assure that everything will work smoothly. <SEP> Since the disaster there have been tsunami in the Pacific but only one was of any consequence. On November an earthquake occurred under the sea off the Kamchatka Peninsula. <SEP> At : that afternoon -LRB- Greenwich time -RRB- the shock was recorded by the seismograph alarm in Honolulu. The warning system immediately went into action. <SEP> Within about an hour with the help of reports from seismic stations in Alaska Arizona and California the quakes epicenter was placed at degrees North latitude and degrees East longitude. While accounts of the progress of the tsunami came in from various points in the Pacific -LRB- Midway reported it was covered with nine feet of water -RRB- the Hawaiian station made its calculations and notified the military services and the police that the first big wave would arrive at Honolulu at : Greenwich time. <SEP> It turned out that the waves were not so high as in. They hurled a cement barge against a freighter in Honolulu Harbor knocked down telephone lines marooned automobiles flooded lawns killed six cows. <SEP> Not a single human life was lost and property damage in the Hawaiian Islands did not exceed $ U. There is little doubt that the warning system saved lives and reduced the damage. <SEP> It is plain that a warning system however efficient is not enough. In the vulnerable areas of the Pacific there should be restrictions against building homes on exposed coasts or at least a requirement that they be either raised off the ground or anchored strongly against waves. <SEP> The key to the world of geology is change nothing remains the same. Life has evolved from simple combinations of molecules in the sea to complex combinations in man. <SEP> The land too is changing and earthquakes are daily reminders of this. Earthquakes result when movements in the earth twist rocks until they break. <SEP> Sometimes this is accompanied by visible shifts of the ground surface often the shifts can not be seen but they are there and everywhere can be found scars of earlier breaks once deeply buried. Todays earthquakes are most numerous in belts where the earths restlessness is presently concentrated but scars of the past show that there is no part of the earth that has not had them. <SEP> The effects of earthquakes on civilization have been widely publicized even overemphasized. The role of an earthquake in starting the destruction of whole cities is tremendously frightening but fire may actually be the principal agent in a particular disaster. <SEP> Superstition has often blended with fact to color reports. We have learned from earthquakes much of what we now know about the earths interior for they send waves through the earth which emerge with information about the materials through which they have traveled. <SEP> These waves have shown that miles below the surface a liquid core begins and that it in turn has a solid inner core. Earthquakes originate as far as miles below the surface but they do not occur at greater depths. <SEP> Two unsolved mysteries are based on these facts. -LRB- -RRB- As far down as miles below the surface the material should be hot enough to be plastic and adjust itself to twisting forces by sluggish flow rather than by breaking as rigid surface rocks do. -LRB- -RRB- If earthquakes do occur at such depths why not deeper <SEP> Knowledge gained from studying earthquake waves has been applied in various fields. In the search for oil and gas we make similar waves under controlled conditions with dynamite and learn from them where there are buried rock structures favorable to the accumulation of these resources. <SEP> We have also developed techniques for recognizing and locating underground nuclear tests through the waves in the ground which they generate. The following discussion of this subject has been adapted from the book Causes Of Catastrophe by L. Don Leet. The restless earth and its interior <SEP> At twelve minutes after five on the morning of Wednesday April San Francisco was shaken by a severe earthquake. A sharp tremor was followed by a jerky roll.
cr07.txt:Day the children had wanted to get up onto General Burnsides horse. <SEP> They wanted to see what his back felt like -- the Generals. He looked so comfortable being straight. <SEP> They wanted to touch the mystery. Arlene was boosting them up when the policeman came by. <SEP> He was very rude. Arlene had a hard voice too this time. <SEP> The policemans eyes rather popped for a second but then Arlene got another tone in a hurry and she said If it wasnt for these dear children --. The policeman got a confused funny look on his face and he had answered kind of politely Now look here lady : I know you got to entertain these kids and all. <SEP> This is a public park and its a city ordinance that the statues can not be crawled on. Arlene was so ashamed that she hung her head when she said Yes sir. <SEP> The policeman walked on but he looked back once. That had happened on the day when two other unusual things had occurred. <SEP> Arlene had taught them a new way to have fun in their little private area and they had told their mother about the tumbles. In matters of exact information that kept her one step behind developments and so they were consistently true to their principles. <SEP> Never mind Arlene had said after the policeman had left having pursued the usual unco-operative course of grownups. Never mind. <SEP> I know something that is much more fun that we can do on our little lawn. What is it Asked the children whose reflexes and replies were invariably so admirably normal and predictable. <SEP> Maybe that was why they were cordial and loyal towards the unpredictability of Arlene. Just you wait advised Arlene echoing the dialogue in a recent British movie. <SEP> When they had got to their little lawn they had had a most twirlingly magnificent time. First Arlene had put them through some rapid somersaults. <SEP> They had protested that that wasnt any surprise. Just you wait said Arlene again as though she were discovering the pleasantly tingling insinuations of that handy little sturdy statement. <SEP> This is a warm-up. Is it anything like cooked-over oatmeal Asked one of the children. <SEP> Not the least bit Arlene snapped. One of the many things that was so nice about her was that she always took your questions seriously particularly your very very serious questions. <SEP> Those were especially the ones that all other grownups laughed at loudest. She would sometimes even get a little hard on you she took you so seriously. But not hard for very long. Just long enough to make you feel important. <SEP> Now said Arlene eventually making them both sit in formation on a big root of a live oak the sort of root that divided itself and made their bottoms sag down and feel comfortable. Now were going to be like what General Burnside and his horse make us think of. <SEP> The children looked at each other and sagged their bottoms down even more comfortably than ever. Their curiosity went happily out of bounds. <SEP> Then Arlene threw herself backwards and wiggled in a way that was just wonderful. She held herself that way and turned her head towards them and laughed and winked. <SEP> Imagine being able to laugh and wink when youre like the top part of that picture frame at home one of them said. They both laughed and winked back. <SEP> Im General Burnsides horse upside down Arlene said sort of gaspingly for her : even she had to breathe kind of funny when she was in that position. She made General Burnsides horses belly do so funny when it was upside down. <SEP> Then she was back on her feet winking and smiling that enormous smile -LRB- she had lots of wonderful big teeth that you never would have suspected she had when she was not smiling -RRB-. She would wink and throw kisses. <SEP> They both tried to keep smiling and winking for a long time but it made their lips and eyelids tremble. They kept on clapping for a long long time. <SEP> This time Arlene said and she even kept on wiggling a little bit while she was just talking youre going to tell me what I am and what Im doing. It all has something to do with General Burnside and his horse. <SEP> This time it was so grand they could tell exactly what it was. It was General Burnsides horse running in a circle. <SEP> His legs shook and the shaking went right on up his body through his hips to his shoulders. Thats the Generals horse one of them cried out. <SEP> The other remarked in a happy laughter Thats a funny old horse. The first one said He sure does shake. <SEP> Hes old. Then there was the General kissing his wife. <SEP> They had to be told that one. It was even funnier after they had been told. <SEP> Their father when he came back from those many business trips just bumped their mother on the forehead with his lips and asked if anybody had thought to mix the martinis and put them in the electric icebox. But not General Burnside. He was the funniest man. <SEP> He never could keep still even when he didnt move his feet. Then they had to get up and be General Burnside. Or his horse. <SEP> All they could think of was to run around in circles kicking their legs out. It wasnt very funny. <SEP> Then they said General Burnside was going to jump over his horses head and they did some somersaults. That wasnt very funny either. <SEP> You ought to shake Arlene advised them. Arlene showed them how to begin. <SEP> She also taught them to sing I wish I could shimmy like my sister Kate. That helped a lot. <SEP> They were clumsy but they were beginning to catch on. They also caught on a little bit on how to smile a lot without your lips trembling. <SEP> Imagine you wont get your allowance if youre caught not smiling -- or smiling with your lips trembling too much Arlene suggested. That helped a great deal. <SEP> They were a little late in getting home. Im sorry Mrs. Minks Arlene said in a tone so low you could hardly hear it. <SEP> My mother constituted herself the voice of all of us. Its perfectly understandable Arlene my mother said in a friendly way. <SEP> I suppose you all were playing and forgot Yes maam the children chorused heartily. <SEP> We couldnt help laughing. The children rushed off to get rid of their sweaters and Arlene began tapping the kitchen door open. <SEP> Arlenes a good girl my uncle remarked to us but he said it too soon for it came out just before the tap to which the door responded. That tap had a slight bangish quality. <SEP> She really is a dear little thing my mother agreed. Her upper lip lifted slightly. <SEP> She was biting into a small red radish and that action always caused her to lift her lip from the sting of the thing. She lived in continual fear of finding a white worm curled up in a neat mean little heap at the white center of the radish. <SEP> She would try to see over the bulge of her cheeks and somewhat under her teeth to the place where she was biting. It never worked naturally but it made her look unusual. <SEP> Also when she had bitten off half of the small radish she found the suspense unbearable and she would snatch the finger-held half of the radish out to where she could inspect it. One could hear a very faint ladylike sigh of relief. <SEP> Actually it was inaudible to anyone not expecting it. The warm joy of her brown eyes was open to the general public. <SEP> Later on the children told her further about somersaulting. It must be awfully good for them. <SEP> And awfully kind of Arlene she told us later. But do you know something curious She added. <SEP> I reached into that funny little pocket that is high up on my dress. I have no notion why I reached. <SEP> I found a radish. It an omen <SEP> I thought for a second. I would not pamper myself in that silly way. <SEP> I opened the window and threw the radish out. Then my mother blushed at this small lie for she knew and we knew that it was cowardice that had made one more radish that night just too impossible a strain. <SEP> Arlene became indispensable nobody could have told why. She was. <SEP> It was in the air. A friend of my fathers came to dinner. <SEP> He was passing through town and phoned to say hello. As a result he was persuaded out to dinner. <SEP> As a matter of fact this happened every four or five months. Sometimes he coincided with my fathers being at home. <SEP> Sometimes as at this juncture he did not. He was always persuaded out. <SEP> He liked children in a loathsome kind of way the two youngest in our family always had to be brought in and put through tricks for his entertainment. When he had left I could never remember whether he had poked them in their middles laughingly with a thick index finger or whether he was merely so much the sort of person who did this that one assumed the action not bothering to look. <SEP> The children loathed him too. This evening they were pushed in from the breakfast room with odds and ends of dessert distributed over them. <SEP> There had been some coconut in it for I remember my mothers taking a quick glance at a stringy bit of this nut on the cheek of one of them and then putting down her radish with a shiver. They were pushed gently into the room by Arlene -- whose only part appearing were hands that crept quickly back around to the kitchen side of the door. <SEP> We had just sat down. Tell Mr. Gorboduc what youre doing these days my mother advised the children ceremonially. <SEP> There was an air of revolt about the children -- even irreverence for their own principles. This could be told chiefly from a sort of head-tossing and prancing a horselike balkiness of demeanor. <SEP> Possibly the coconut-containing dessert had brought up bitter problems of administration. At the beginning this stayed just in the air. <SEP> We go to the park with this nice lady one of them said. We have good times. <SEP> This happy bulletin convulsed Mr. Gorboduc. You do He asked between wheezes of laughter. <SEP> He was forced to wipe his eyes. You dont step on the flowers do you Eh <SEP> One of the children maneuvered out of range of the poking index finger. No he said. <SEP> We dont. Mr. Gorboduc took a swig of his sherry. <SEP> He was so long thinking that my mother had time to inspect her sherry for dregs. Usually this was done when attention was diverted by someone elses long boring story. <SEP> This time she was nervous : she was open. Mr. Gorboduc was finally in command of his mind again. <SEP> Tell me -- what do you do at the park He asked. This was delivered in a forthright way without coyness and over-pretended interest -- an admirable way with children. <SEP> Only unfortunately he could not remove from his voice a nagging insinuation of the direct command. This nettled the children into the revelation of exact truth a sacrifice of their secret superiority over grown people but a victory in the wide fields of perpetration and illegitimate accomplishment. <SEP> We bump one said and the other went on to development of the idea. We grind too he said. <SEP> My mother was beside herself with curiosity. Say that again she pleaded. <SEP> She laughed a little and tossed the dregs rakishly around in her glass. You what She could see that Mr. Gorboduc was intrigued the hostess in her took over. <SEP> She was rollickingly happy. You what My uncle looked at Mr. Gorboduc. <SEP> He read Henry James and used to pretend profundity through eye-beamings at people. Mr. Gorboduc looked down. <SEP> He would not look up. He was very funny about the whole thing.
cn16.txt:The rattling of fenders humming of tires and chattering of gears there was a charming melody of whispers and tiny giggles. <SEP> Cool air moving slowly through the open or smashed-out side windows hinted of blooming roadside vegetation and occasionally a faint fragrance of perfume swirled from the back seat. Moriarty my driver suddenly exclaimed with something so definite so final in his tone I once more repeated the absurdity mustering all my latent powers of hypocrisy to sound convinced. <SEP> We were coming to an intersection turning right chuffing to a stop. Forced to realize that this was the end of a very short line I scanned a road marker and discovered what the end of a slightly longer line would be for the old Mexican : Moriarty New Mexico. Gracias. <SEP> Adios I said exhausting my Spanish vocabulary on my host and exchanging one of a scarcely-tapped store of smiles with my hosts daughters. I waved with discretion and moderation to the vague golden faces fading through rising dust and the distortions of the back window glass. <SEP> Then I saw the fathers head slightly turn gauche rainbow shapes replaced the poignant ovals of gold. Autos whizzed past. <SEP> White-shirted and conservatively-cravated drivers stared conspicuously toward the eastern horizon and past my supplicating and accusing gaze. Suddenly a treble auto horn tootley-toot-tootled and thumbing hopefully I saw emergent in windshield flash : red lips streaming silk of blonde hair and -- ah trembling confusion of hope apprehension despair -- the leering face of old Herry. <SEP> Mor-ee-air-teeeee he shrieked his white teeth grossly counterpointing those of the glittering blonde. Over the rapidly-diminishing outline of a jump seat piled high with luggage Herrys black brushcut was just discernible near or enviably near that spot where -- hidden -- more delicately-textured most beautifully tinted hair must still be streaming back in cool oh cool wind sweetly perfumed with sagebrush and yucca flowers and engine fumes. <SEP> Damn his luck. I would have foregone my romantic chances rather than leave a friend sweltering and dusty and -- Well at least I wouldnt have shouted back a taunt. <SEP> Still nursing anger I listlessly thumbed a car that was slowly approaching its pre-war chrome nearly blinding me. It was stopping. <SEP> Just as I straightened up with my duffel bag I heard : Sahjunt Yoorick meet Mrs. Major J. A. Roebuck. The voice was that of Johnson tail gunner off another crew. <SEP> Squeezing a look between Johnsons fat jowls and the car frame a handsome and still darkhaired lady inquired Yall drahve I nodded. <SEP> Onleh one thiihng Mrs. Roebuck continued. Ah- m goin nawth t- jawn mah husbun in Sante Fe an yall maht prefuh the suhthuhn rewt. <SEP> Corporal Johnson has alreadeh said it did- n make no diffrunce t- hi-im. I said that it didnt make any difference to me either as far as I knew. <SEP> How far I knew will shortly become apparent. Let me pass over the trip to Sante Fe with something of the same speed which made Mrs. Roebuck wonduh if the wahtahm speed limit -LRB- m.p.h. -RRB- is still in ee-faket. <SEP> I let up on the accelerator only to gradually reach again the m.p.h. Which would I hoped overhaul Herry and the blonde and as there were cars whose drivers apparently had something more important to catch than had I Mrs. Major Roebuck settled down to practicing on Corporal Johnson the kittenish wiles she would need when making her duty call on Colonel and Mrs. Somebody in Sante Fe. When Johnson ejaculated Howsabout my buying us all a nice cold Co-cola Maam Mrs. Roebuck smilingly declined and began suddenly to go on about her son who was onleh a little younguh than you bawhs. <SEP> Johnson never would have believed she had a son that age. Mrs. Roebuck thought Johnson was a sweet bawh t- lah lahk thet but her Herman was getting to be a man there was no getting around it. <SEP> Just befoh he left foh his academeh we wuh hevin dack-rihs on the vuhranduh Major Roebuck an Ah an Huhmun says May Ah hev one too Just as plite an -- an cohnfidunt an Ah says Uh coahse you cainnt but he says Whah nawt you ah hevin one <SEP> Ah coud- n ansuh him an so Ah said Aw right Ah gay-ess an his fathuh did- n uttuh one wohd an aftuh Huhmun was gone the majuh laughed an tole me thet he an the bawh had been hevin an occasional drink tgethuh f- ovuh a yeah onleh an occasional one but just the same it was behahn mah back an Ah doa- n think thets nahce at all d- you No I dont Johnson said. <SEP> Im a good Baptist and drinking Mrs. Roebuck very kindly let me drive through Sante Fe to a road which would she said lead us to Taos and then Raton and eventshahleh out of New Mexico. <SEP> How lightly her eventshah-leh passed into the crannies where I was storing dialect material for some vaguely dreamed opus and how the word would echo. And re-echo. Hardly had Mrs. Roebuck driven off when a rusty pick-up truck father or grandfather of Senor Moriartys Ford sedan came screeching to a dust-swirling stop and a brown face appeared its nose threatened by shards of what had once been the side window. <SEP> Get in buddies. Get in. <SEP> The straight black hair flopped in a vigorous nod the slender nose plunged toward glass teeth and drew safely back. Johnson unwired the right hand door whose window was like the left one merely loosely-taped fragments of glass and Johnson wadded himself into a narrow seat made still more narrow by three cases of beer. <SEP> In back buddy the driver said to me. Quickly but carefully lowering my duffel bag over the low side-rack I stepped on the running board it flopped down sprang back up and gouged my shin. <SEP> The truck was hurtling forward. I seized the rack and made a western-style flying-mount just in time one of my knees mercifully landing on my duffel bag -- and merely wrecking my camera I was to discover later -- my other knee landing on the slivery truck floor boards and -- but this is no medical report. <SEP> I was again in motion and at a speed which belied the trucks similarity to Senor Xs Ford turtle. Maybe I would beat old Herry to Siberia after all. <SEP> Whatever satisfaction that might offer. Something pulled my leg. <SEP> I drew back drawing back my foot for a kick. It was only Johnson reaching around the wire chicken fencing which half covered the truck cabs glassless rear window. <SEP> The way his red rubber lips were stretched across his pearly little teeth I thought he was only having a little joke but no he wanted me to bend down from the roar of wind so he could roar something into my ear. Wann- a beer <SEP> Hell yes I roared back between dusty lips. I want a beer <SEP> an anteater want ants Bueno amigo. Gracias I hollered my first long swallow filling me with confidence and immediately doubling the size of my Spanish vocabulary. <SEP> At once my ears were drowned by a flow of what I took to be Spanish but -- the drivers white teeth flashing at me the road wildly veering beyond his glistening hair beyond his gesticulating bottle -- it could have been the purest Oxford English I was half hearing I wouldnt have known the difference. Johnson was trying to grab the wheel though the swerve of the truck was throwing him away from it. <SEP> White teeth suddenly vanishing the driver slammed the side of his bottle against Johnsons ear. We were off the road gleaming barbed wire pulling taut. <SEP> I ducked just as the first strand broke somewhere down the line and came whipping over the sideboards. We were in a field in a tight screeching turn. <SEP> Prairie dogs were popping up and popping down. When I fell on my back I saw a vulture hovering. <SEP> Just as I got to my knees there was again the sound of the fence stretching and I had time only to start taking my kneeling posture seriously. This time no wire came whipping into the truck. <SEP> We were back on the road. I regained my squatting position behind the truck cabs rear window. <SEP> Johnsons left hand was pressed against the side of his head red cheeks whitening beneath his fingers. Tee-wah the driver cackled his black eyes glittering behind dull silver chicken fencing. <SEP> That was Tee-wah I was talking. You thought I was a Mexican didnt you buddy <SEP> I nodded. Hell thats all right buddy the Indian -LRB- I now guessed -RRB- said. <SEP> Drink your beer. Miraculously the bottle was still in my hand foam still geysering over my -LRB- luckily -RRB- waterproof watch. <SEP> No sooner had I started drinking than the driver started zigzagging the truck. The beer foamed furiously. <SEP> I drank furiously. A long time. Emptied the bottle. <SEP> Teeth again flashing back at me the driver released a deluge of Spanish in which amigo appeared every so often like an island in the stormy waves of surrounding sound. I bobbed my head each time it appeared. <SEP> Suddenly the Spanish became an English in which only one word emerged with clarity and precision son of a bitch sometimes hyphenated by vicious jabs of a beer bottle into Johnsons quivering ribs. A big car was approaching its chrome teeth grinning. <SEP> Beyond it the gray road stretched a long long way. The car was just about to us its drivers fat solemn face intent on the road ahead on business on a family in Sante Fe -- on anything but an old pick-up truck in which two human beings desperately needed rescue. <SEP> I tossed the bottle. High so it would only bounce harmlessly but loudly off the cars steel roof. Too high. On unoccupied roadway the bottle shattered into a small amber flash. Aye-yah-ah-ah <SEP> The Indian was again raising his bottle but to my astonished relief -- probably only a fraction of Johnsons -- the bottle this time went to the Indians lips. Another car was coming a tiny dark shape on a far hill. <SEP> I started looking on the splintery truck bed for a piece of board a dirt clod -- anything I could throw and with better aim than I had thrown the beer bottle. We were slowing. <SEP> In the ditch sand was white and soft-looking only an occasional pebble discernible faintly gleaming. Johnson couldnt quickly unwire the truck door and if I escaped he might suffer. <SEP> The car was approaching fast. On the truck bed there was nothing smaller than a piece of rusty machinery with more time I could have loosened a small burr or cotter pin -- <SEP> Suddenly and not a second too soon I thought of the coins in my pocket. There was no time to pick out a penny I got a coin between my thumb and forefinger leaned my elbows in a very natural and casual manner on top of the truck cab and flipped my little missile. <SEP> There was a blur just under my focus of vision a crash the cars far windshield panel turned into a silver web with a dark hole in the center. I heard the screech of brakes behind me an insane burst of laughter beneath me. <SEP> Looking back I saw a gray-haired man getting out of his halted car and trying to read our license number. S-s-sahjunt. Johnsons fat hand another bottle were protruding from the truck cab and that self-proclaimed Baptist teetotaler had a bottle at his own lips. <SEP> Two cars came over a crest their chrome and glass flashing. The Indians arm whipped sidewise -- there was a flash of amber and froth the crash of the bottle shattering against the side of the first car. <SEP> Brakes shrieked behind us. I saw Johnsons bottle snatched from his hand saw it go in a swirl of foam just behind the second car. <SEP> This time there was no sound of brakes but the shrieking of women. I looked back at pale ovals framed in the elongated oval of the cars rear window. <SEP> Drink you son of a bitch I quickly turned around and began to drink. <SEP> The Indian was jabbing another bottle toward Johnson.
cr04.txt:To date however his garden was still more or less of a mess he hadnt even started his workshop and if there was a meadow pond in the neighborhood he hadnt found it. <SEP> It wasnt his fault that these things were so. The difficulty was that each day seemed to produce its quota of details which must be cleaned up immediately. <SEP> As a result life had become a kind of continuous make-ready. Once he disposed of these items which screamed so harshly for attention he could undertake the things which really counted. <SEP> Then at last his day would fall into an ordered pattern and he would be free to read or garden or just wander through the woods in the late afternoon accompanied by his dogs. His dogs He had almost forgotten them although they had played such an important part in his early dreams. <SEP> Then they had always been romping around him on these walks yelping with delight dashing off into the bushes on fruitless hunting expeditions returning to jump up on him triumphantly with muddy paws. Dogs did something to ones ego. <SEP> They were constantly assuring you that you were one of the worlds great guys. Regardless of how much of a slob you knew yourself to be you could be certain they would never find out -- and even if they did it would make no difference. <SEP> Now it became increasingly apparent that there were to be no dogs in the picture. What in the world were you going to do with a lot of dogs when you left for town on Monday afternoons <SEP> You certainly couldnt take them into the little apartment and if you tried to farm them out for two or three days every week they would become so confused that they would have nervous breakdowns. Why in the world couldnt he live in one place the way everyone else seemed to <SEP> It worried him this inability to get the simplest things done in the course of a day. He would wake up in the middle of the night and fret about it. <SEP> How in the world had he formerly found time to build up a business raise a family be on half a dozen boards work actively on committees and either go out in the evening or plow through the contents of a bulging brief case it possible that as people grow older the nature of time changed <SEP> it be that it speeded up for the aged in some mysterious way as if a bored universe were skipping through the end of the chapter just to get it over with the answer less metaphysical <SEP> older people work more slowly it take a man of sixty-five longer to write a letter shave clean out a barn read a newspaper than a man of thirty <SEP> men become perfectionists as they grew older polishing polishing reluctant to let go It might be that certain people were born with a compulsion to complicate their lives while others could live blissfully motionless almost indefinitely like lizards in the sun too indolent to blink their eyes. <SEP> Perhaps it was his misfortune or good fortune whichever way one looked at it to belong to the former group and he was struggling unconsciously to build up pressure in a world which demanded none which was positively antagonistic to it. Then again perhaps the reason why he couldnt find time to do any of the things he had planned to do after retirement : reading roaming gardening lying on his back and watching the clouds go by was because he didnt want to do them. <SEP> There was no compulsion behind them. They could be done or left undone and nobody really gave a damn. <SEP> During all his busy life he had only done things which had to be done. This habit had become so fixed over the years that it seemed futile to do anything for which no one was waiting. <SEP> He looked at the luminous dial of his wrist watch. It was five minutes after four. <SEP> On some distant farm a rooster crowed and far down the valley an associate answered. He turned over impatiently and pulled the sheet over his head against the treacherous encroachment of the dawn. <SEP> At least he could buy the equipment for his workshop. Thus committed action might follow. <SEP> He went down to Mills and Bradleys Hardware Store and bought a full set of carpenters tools including a rotary power saw and several other pieces of power machinery that Mr. Mills said were essential for babbiting and doweling whatever they were. He also bought a huge square of pegboard for hanging up his tools and lumber for his workbench sandpaper and glue and assorted nails levels and T squares and plumb lines and several gadgets that he had no idea how to use or what they were for. <SEP> There said Mr. Mills. Thatll get you started. Best not to get everything at once. <SEP> Add things as you find you needem. He didnt even ask the cost of this collection. <SEP> After all if you were going to set up a workshop you had to have the proper equipment and that was that. When he returned home the station wagon loaded with tools Jinny had gone with a friend to some meeting in the village using the recently purchased second car. <SEP> He was glad. It gave him a chance to unload the stuff and get it down to the cellar without a barrage of acid comments. <SEP> He had made such a fuss about buying that second car that he knew he was vulnerable. He piled everything neatly in a corner of the cellar and turned to stare at the blank stone wall. <SEP> That was where the pegboard would go on which he would hang his hand tools. In front of it would be his workbench. <SEP> The old nightmare which had caused him so many wakeful hours came charging in on him once more only this time he couldnt pacify it with a sleeping pill and send it away. How in the world did one attach a pegboard to a stone wall <SEP> How did one attach anything to a stone wall for that matter After the pegboard there would be the paneling. <SEP> He sat down on an old box and focused on the problem. Perhaps one bored holes in the stone with some kind of an electric gadget. <SEP> But then when you stuck things into the holes why didnt they come right out again It all seemed rather hopeless. <SEP> He turned his attention to the workbench. Perhaps that was the first thing to do. <SEP> A workbench had a heavy top and sturdy legs but how did you attach sturdy legs to a heavy top so that the whole thing didnt wobble like a newborn calf and ultimately collapse when you leaned on it Mr. Mills had done some figuring on a scrap of paper and given him the various kinds of boards and two-by-fours which properly handled would he had assured him turn into a workbench. <SEP> They lay on the cellar floor in a disorderly pile. Mr. Crombie poked at it gingerly with his foot. <SEP> How could anyone know what to do with an assortment like that Perhaps he had better have someone help him put up the pegboard and build the workbench -- someone who knew what he was about. <SEP> Then at least he would have a place to hang his tools and something to work on. After that everything should be simpler. <SEP> He went upstairs to phone Crumb. To his amazement he reached him. <SEP> Mr. Crumb was laid up with a bad cold. He didnt seem to think that attaching a pegboard to a stone wall was much of a problem and he tossed off the building of the worktable equally lightly. <SEP> The only trouble was that he himself was tied up on the school job. That was why he hadnt been able to finish the porch. <SEP> No he didnt know of any handyman-carpenter. There wasnt any such thing any more. <SEP> Carpenters all wanted steady work and at the moment every mothers son for twenty miles around that could hammer nails for twenty-five dollars a day was working on the school job. There was a fellow named Blatz over Smithtown way. <SEP> Nobody liked to hire him because you never could tell when he was going to be taken drunk. Mr. Crumb would probably see him at Lodge Meeting the next night. <SEP> If he was sober which was doubtful hed have him get in touch with Mr. Crombie. Mr. Blatz had been at least sober enough to remember to telephone and he turned out to be the greatest boon that had come into Mr. Crombies life since he moved to Highfield in spite of the fact that he didnt work very fast or very long at a time and he didnt like to work at all unless Mr. Crombie hung around and talked to him. <SEP> He said he was the lonely type and working in a cellar you saw funny things coming out of the cracks in the wall if they wasnt nobody with you. Mr. Crombie sat on a wooden box and talked in order to keep Mr. Blatzs mind from funny things. <SEP> At the same time he watched carefully to see how one attached pegboards to stone walls but Mr. Blatz was usually standing in his line of vision and it all seemed so simple that he didnt like to disclose his ignorance. While Mr. Blatz was putting up the pegboards and starting the workbench Mr. Crombie told him of this idea about paneling the whole end of the cellar. <SEP> Mr. Blatz agreed that this would be pretty. Without further discussion he appeared the next morning with a pile of boards sticking over the end of his light truck and proceeded with the paneling which he then stained and waxed according to his taste. <SEP> Now he said we got to put in some outlets for them power tools then a couple of fluorescent lamps over the workbench an I guess were about through down here. It all did look very efficient and shipshape. <SEP> There was no question of that. By the way said Mr. Blatz packing his tools into a battered carrier them power tools needs extra voltage. <SEP> I guess you know about that. Before you useem the light companys got to run in a heavy line and youll need a new fuse box for the extra circuits. <SEP> That aint too badceptin the light companys so busy you cant ever getem to do nothin. Instead of being depressed by this news Mr. Crombie was actually relieved. <SEP> At least the moment was postponed when he had to face the mystery of the power tools. He followed Mr. Blatz up the cellar stairs. <SEP> As usual Mrs. Crombie was standing in the midst of a confusion of cooking utensils. Mr. Blatz sat down in the only unoccupied kitchen chair. <SEP> Well he said got your man fixed up nice down there. He oughta be able to build a new house with all them contraptions. <SEP> Mr. Crombie watched his wife with an anxious expression. I was just sayin to him that Im all ready now for anything else you want done. <SEP> Mr. Crombie couldnt remember his saying any such thing. Oh thats wonderful cried Mrs. Crombie. <SEP> I have a thousand things for you to do. Doors that wont open and doors that wont close and shelves and broken -- But those are the things I built the workshop for protested Mr. Crombie. <SEP> Those are the things I can do now that Im set up. Ive been waiting to get these things done for months she said. <SEP> We wont live long enough if I wait for you besides which you dont need to worry -- therell be plenty more. The discussion was academic. <SEP> Mr. Blatz was already taking measurements for a shelf above the kitchen sink.
cn28.txt:The fringe of the amused throng of white onlookers stood a young woman of remarkable beauty and poise. <SEP> She munched little ginger cakes called mulattos belly and kept her green somewhat hypnotic eyes fixed on a light-colored male who was prancing wildly with a -foot king snake wrapped around his bronze neck. The youth with the snake had a natural pride and joy of life which appealed to the woman. <SEP> Lithe and muscular he had well-molded features and his light color told of the European ancestors who had been intimate with the slave women of his family. The haughty white girl turned to a distinguished hawk-faced man standing at her side and murmured : Look at your watch Col. Garvier. <SEP> It is almost time for and calinda to begin. Col. Henri Garvier was one of New Orleans most important and enlightened slave owners. <SEP> He chuckled and gave the signal for the dance to start. The slaves ran gaily to the center of Congo Square and gathered around a sweaty youth they called Johnny No-Name. <SEP> Johnny vigorously pounded two bleached steer bones against the gourd which served as his drum. He showed his gleaming tusks of teeth and bellowed incoherently his brass earrings jangling discordantly as he shook and trembled in ecstasy. <SEP> The drummer flogged the gourd with frantic intensity as the dancers began the calinda a sensual gyration which had long been a favorite of voodoo practitioners and their disciples in the Louisiana slave compounds. The dance was of Haitian origin. <SEP> The white girl with the penetrating green eyes sipped the lemonade handed to her by a handsome man of about who had coppery skin and beetling eyebrows. He was possessive in his manner and though a slave obviously was educated after a fashion and imitated the manners of his owners. <SEP> He proudly wore the blue livery of her house for the girl was Madame Delphine Lalaurie wife of the prominent surgeon Dr. Louis Lalaurie who bore one of the Souths oldest and most cherished names. Delphine was a pace-setter in high society. <SEP> She was a top horsewoman and one of the citys most gracious hostesses. Although New Orleans was not to learn of it for a spell she also was a sadist a nymphomaniac and unobtrusively mad -- the perpetrator of some of the worst crimes against humanity ever committed on American soil. <SEP> Madame Lalaurie gestured with her riding crop toward the -year-old youth who was stomping and writhing with the king snake still draped over his bare shoulders. The slender handsome fellow was called Dandy Brandon by the other slaves. <SEP> He was gifted with animal magnetism and a potent allure for women of any race. Dandy had had little experience with girls on his masters plantation in Bayou St. John. <SEP> Shy actually he avoided feminine overtures and seemed truly ignorant of the girls desires when they sought to make liaisons with him in the open fields in carriages and in boathouses. This young slave was therefore quite unprepared when Delphine Lalaurie signaled that she wanted him to draw near. <SEP> The woman eyed the youth with the avidity a coin collector might display toward a rare doubloon which is not yet in his collection. What is your name boy <SEP> Come a bit closer. I wont bite you know. <SEP> He gaped at Madame Lalaurie and sniffed the Paris perfume which emanated from her. Then he smiled shyly. <SEP> My name is Dandy Brandon missy. I belong to Master Alexander Prieur. <SEP> She said with intense feeling : Come near let me feel your arms. You look quite strong and healthy to me Dandy. <SEP> Mrs. Lalaurie impatiently propelled the slave toward her waiting carriage. Lifting her skirts she climbed in never relinquishing her grip on his arm. <SEP> The woman seemed utterly unafraid of the snake which coiled on the floor in a torpor. Once inside the luxuriosly-upholstered landau she drew the curtains and proceeded to give the startled youth the kind of physical examination usually reserved for army inductees. <SEP> Satisfied at last and after a few amorous gambits on her part which convinced Delphine that Dandy was capable of learning new arts she opened the window and called to her liveried driver. This was the big man with the proprietory air and the beetling shaggy eyebrows. Aristide <SEP> I want you to find Monsieur Prieur at once and give him this money for the boys purchase. Theres $ U in gold in this chamois sack. <SEP> If the old fool argues about the price tell him I shall order my husband not to treat him as a patient any longer. Prieur has gout and depends on Louis pills and bleedings. <SEP> Besides he owns slaves. One less shouldnt matter to him. <SEP> Aristide Devol the sardonic manservant who had been brought in chains years before from his native Sierra Leone smiled thinly and touched his well-brushed beaver hat. His bold eyes raked the woman and a perceptive spectator might sense that there was more to their relationship than that of slave to owner. <SEP> Another youth Madame The coachman said softly. This one is a tender chicken oui Such delicate beauty such fine flesh. <SEP> It will rip and shred easily for Madame. Be quiet Devol <SEP> You are forgetting your place. The tall coachman walked off briskly in search of Alexander Prieur. <SEP> Delphine Lalaurie took the reins in her gloved hands and drove Dandy Brandon -- cowering in the back seat of the carriage -- to her mansion at Perdido Street. Dr. Louis Lalaurie stood on the veranda at the head of the driveway and watched his carriage as it approached the pillared mansion. <SEP> Dandy curiosity overcoming his apprehensions peered out at the doctor from the window of the vehicle. He saw a pint-sized man with a graying spade beard and an unusually large head. <SEP> Dr. Lalaurie wore a maroon smoking jacket and his myopic eyes were blurry and glistened behind thick octagonal lenses. He was about years old. Another young man my dear <SEP> Really you are most indiscreet to drive him here yourself he said frowning with displeasure. Delphine presented her cheek for a kiss and the physician pecked it like a timid rooster. <SEP> Dandy is to be our house guest Louis. I want the room in the attic prepared for him <SEP> He is a most unusual lad quite precocious in many ways. He deserves a better life than just rotting away on the Prieur plantation. Quite so my dear. <SEP> His room will be ready shortly. The physician led the horses to the stable after a cursory glance at the cringing slave. <SEP> Had Dandy been older or wiser instinct might have warned him that he would be well advised to flee from the Lalauries tender care if he valued his life. He liked the smell of Delphines perfume. <SEP> Besides her endearments and caresses in the carriage had been new and stirring experiences to the simple youth. Also he was weary of plantation drudgery and monotony. <SEP> Dandy Brandon trustingly entered the house with Delphine Lalaurie and trudged up the rear steps to the attic room which was to be his new home. Airless and dingy though it was the attic represented luxury to a slave who had led a wretched life with six brothers and sisters and assorted relatives in a shanty at Bayou St. John. <SEP> He bounced exuberantly on the sagging bed and was even more delighted when Madame Lalaurie -- after closing the door -- showed the slave that the bed was designed for something other than slumber. It was just as well that the ignorant Dandy enjoyed himself to the hilt that first evening for the room was to become his prison cell. <SEP> When he finally left the sinister mansion on Perdido Street he was carried out in a coroners basket. Just six weeks after Dandy Brandons arrival at the mansion the little surgeon and his svelte young wife gave their annual open house and ball to which only New Orleans oldest and wealthiest families were invited. <SEP> A stringed orchestra played softly behind the potted palms and Delphine circulated graciously among her guests chatting airily of the forthcoming races the latest fashions from Paris and Louisiana politics. Suddenly there was a commotion upstairs a despairing boyish shriek and the strains of the waltz faltered and died as the musicians and guests gaped at an apparition descending the marble staircase. <SEP> It was Dandy Brandon clad only in a bloody loincloth emaciated and quaking as if the devil were breathing hard on him. The lads once superb body was a mass of scars and welts. <SEP> His pinched face showed the ravages of malnutrition. Feebly he pointed an accusing finger at Madame Lalaurie and shouted : Evil woman <SEP> You did this you like to hurt to beat people I want to go home. These were the last words he ever uttered. <SEP> Convulsively he spat up some blood and collapsed into the arms of Senator Gaston Berche crimsoning the frilly shirt and waistcoat the politician wore. Dr. Louis Lalaurie examined the inert form of the slave on the parquet dance floor and pronounced him dead. <SEP> The ball broke up in confusion. Guests stared with horror at Madame Lalaurie and made speedy departures. <SEP> Delphine stood like stone her eyes alive with hate as she looked down at the sheeted corpse. At the coroners inquest Delphine told a forthright story. <SEP> I saw the boy Dandy at the Congo Square festivities and felt sorry for him. It was our hope to educate him and to give him his freedom when the right time came for he was a bright and friendly youth who seemed worthy of our interest. <SEP> After I paid Monsieur Prieur for Dandy I brought him home but he was ill at ease and ran away the same night. How he returned in such a ghastly condition or why I can not say. <SEP> Dr. Lalaurie and I didnt even know he was in the house until the night of our ball when he came down the stairs. She daubed at her swimming eyes with a lacy handkerchief and said with obvious emotion : That poor boy <SEP> He must have fallen in with evil companions for he was a simple youth and quite trusting and inexperienced. Ruffians must have robbed and beaten him before bringing him back to our house to die. Such a pitiful end <SEP> Though the slaves dying words about the woman troubled the coroners panel Dandys accusation was adjudged an aberration by the jury and disregarded. The Lalauries were at the top rung of the social ladder and even a jury didnt feel privileged to doubt the veracity of so illustrious a lady. <SEP> Moreover runaway slaves frequently got into serious trouble in New Orleans dives. So the verdict was death at the hands of a person or persons unknown and the elite of the city accepting Delphines testimony welcomed her and the doctor back into the fold. Once again life went its serene way -- soirees fox hunts balls and dinners. <SEP> The excitement over Brandons bizarre death abated and Madame Lalauries stock soared when she resumed her self-imposed chores of visiting the poor and bringing cakes and comfort to destitute patients in the county hospital. Then on July there occurred another incident which set tongues to wagging at a furious clip. <SEP> Mrs. Victor Dominique socially prominent and a neighbor of the Lalauries chanced to glance out of her parlor window at dusk one evening and beheld an amazing sight. The manservant Devol and his mistress Delphine Lalaurie were pursuing a young girl -- an octoroon of cameo-like beauty -- across the front lawn of the Lalaurie mansion. <SEP> The girl was not more than. She was nude to the waist and her tumbled abundance of black hair did not conceal the knife slashes on her back. <SEP> The bleeding girl was tiring fast the coachman and Delphine were gaining on her as she raced down Perdido Street. The fugitive cried out in an oddly sibilant voice : Help me somebody <SEP> They have pulled out all my teeth and now she will carve out my tongue with her hacksaw
ck02.txt:Their sharp edges seemed restless as sea waves thrusting themselves upward in angry motion Papa-san sat glacier-like his smooth solidity his very immobility defying all the turmoil about him. <SEP> Our objective the colonel had said that day of the briefing is Papa-san. There the objective sat brooding over all. <SEP> Gouge burn blast insult it as they would could anyone really take Papa-san Between the ponderous hulk and himself in the valley over which Papa-san reigned men had hidden high explosives booby traps and mines. <SEP> The raped valley was a pregnant womb awaiting abortion. On the forward slope in front of his own post stretched two rows of barbed wire. <SEP> At the slopes base coils of concertina stretched out of eye range like a wild tangle of childrens hoops stopped simultaneously weirdly poised as if awaiting the magic of the childs touch to start them all rolling again. Closer still regular barricades of barbed wire hung on timber supports. <SEP> It all vain labor Who would clean up the mess when the war was over <SEP> Smiling at his quixotic thoughts Warren turned back from the opening and lit a cigarette before sitting down. Tonight a group of men tomorrow night he himself would go out there somewhere and wait. <SEP> If he were to go with White he would be out there two days not just listening in the dark at some point between here and Papa-san but moving ever deeper into enemy land -- behind Papa-san -- itself. This what he had expected <SEP> He hadnt realized that there would be so much time to think so many lulls. Somehow he had forgotten what he must have been told that combat was an intermittent activity. <SEP> Now he knew that the moment illuminated by the vision on the train would have to be approached. It could take place tomorrow night or it might occur months from now. <SEP> There was just too much time. Time to become afraid. Whites suggestion flattered but he did not like the identity. <SEP> He did not spill over with hatred for the enemy. He hadnt even seen him yet Pressing his cigarette out in the earth Warren walked to the slit and scanned the jagged hills. <SEP> He saw no life but still stood there for a time peering at the unlovely hills his gaze continually returning to Papa-san. He had come here in order to test himself. <SEP> While most of his beliefs were still unsettled he knew that he did not believe in killing. He was here. <SEP> He had come because he could not live out his life feeling that he had been a coward. There were ten men on the patrol which Sergeant Prevot led out that next night. <SEP> The beaming ROK was carrying a thirty-caliber machine gun another man lugged the tripod and a box of ammunition. Warren and White each carried in addition to their own weapons and ammo a box of ammo for the ROKs machine gun. <SEP> Others carried extra clips for the Browning Automatic Rifle which was in the hands of a little Mexican named Martinez. Prevot had briefed the two new men that afternoon. <SEP> We just sit quiet and wait Prevot had said. Be sure the man nearest you is awake. <SEP> If Joe doesnt show up well all be back here at hours. Otherwise we hold a reception. <SEP> Then we pull out under our mortar and artillery cover but nobody pulls out until I say so. Remember what I said about going out to get anybody left behind <SEP> That still holds. We bring back all dead and wounded. <SEP> At hours they had passed through the barbed wire at the point of departure. Then began the journey through their own mine fields. Mines. <SEP> Ours were kinder than theirs some said. They set bouncing betties to jump and explode at testicle level while we more mercifully had them go off at the head. Mines. Big ones and little. The crude wooden boxes of the enemy our nicely turned gray metal disks. <SEP> Theirs defied the detectors. Mines. A foot misplaced a leg missing. Mines. All sizes : big ones some wired to set off a whole field little ones hand grenade size. Booby traps to fill the head with chunks of metal. Warren tried to shake off the jumble of his fears by looking at the sky. <SEP> It was dark. Prevot had said that the searchlights would be bounced off the clouds at hours which gives us time to get settled in position. <SEP> Because they were new men and to be sure that they didnt get lost Prevot had placed Warren and White in the center of the patrol as it filed out. His eyes now fixed on Whites solid figure Warren could hear behind him the tread of another. <SEP> He could also hear the stream which he had seen from his position. They were going to follow it for part of their journey. <SEP> Its safe Prevot had said and it provides cover for our noise. Soon they were picking their way along the edge of the stream which glowed in the night. <SEP> On their right rose the embankment covered with brush and trees. If a branch extended out too far each man held it back for the next and if they met a low overhang each warned the other. <SEP> Thus stealthily they advanced upstream then they turned to the right climbed the embankment and walked into the valley again. There was no cover here only grass sighing against pant-legs. <SEP> With each sigh like a whip in the hand of an expert the grass stripped something from Warren. The gentle whir of each footstep left him more naked than before until he felt his unprotected flesh tremble chilled by each new sound. <SEP> The shapes of the men ahead of him lacked solidity as if the whip had stripped them of their very flesh. The dark forms moved like mourners on some nocturnal pilgrimage their dirge unsung for want of vocal chords. <SEP> The warped broken trees in the valley assumed wraith-like shapes. Clumps of brush that they passed were so many enchained demons straining in anger to tear and gnaw on his bones. <SEP> Looming over all Papa-san leered down at him threatening a hundred hidden malevolencies. Off in the distance a searchlight flashed on its beam slashing the sky. <SEP> The sharp ray was absorbed by a cloud then reflected to the earth in a softer diffused radiance. Somewhere over there another patrol had need of light. <SEP> Warren thought of all the men out that night who like himself had left their protective ridge and -- fear working at their guts -- picked their way into the area beyond. From the east to the west coast of the Korean peninsula was a strip of land in which fear-filled men were at that same moment furtively crawling through the night sitting in sweaty anticipation of any movement or sound or shouting amidst confused rifle flashes and muzzle blasts. <SEP> Whites arm went up and Warren raised his own. The patrol was stopping. <SEP> Prevot came up. Take that spot over there he whispered pointing to a small clump of blackness. <SEP> Give me your machine gun ammo. Warren handed him the metal box and Prevot quietly disappeared down the line. <SEP> Lying in the grass behind the brush clump Warren looked about. The others likewise had hidden themselves in the grass and the brush. <SEP> Over his shoulder he could see Prevot with the machine gun crew. Even at this short distance they were only vague shapes setting up the machine gun on a small knoll so that it could fire above the heads of the rest of the patrol. <SEP> Warren eased his rifles safety off and gently slowly sneaked another clip of ammunition from one of the cloth bandoleers that marked the upper part of his body with an Afj. This he placed within quick reach. <SEP> The walk and his fears had served to overheat him and his sweaty armpits cooled at the touch of the night air. Although the armored vest fitted the upper part of his body snugly he felt no security. <SEP> Figures seemed to crouch in the surrounding dark in the distance he saw a band of men who seemed to advance and retreat even as he watched. Certain this menace was only imaginary he yet stared in fascinated horror his hand sticky against the stock of his weapon. <SEP> He was aware of insistent inner beatings as if prisoners within sought release from his rigid body. Above the glowing ivory baton of their searchlight pointed at the clouds diluting the valleys dark to a pallid light. <SEP> Then the figures which held his attention became a group of shattered trees standing like the grotesques of a medieval damnation scene. Even so he could not ease the tension of his body the rough surface of the earth itself seemed to resist every attempt on his part to relax. <SEP> Sensing the unseen presence of the other men in the patrol he felt mutely united to these nine near-strangers sharing this pinpoint of being with him. He sensed something precious in the perilous moment something akin to the knowledge gained on his bicycle trip through the French countryside a knowledge imprisoned in speechlessness. <SEP> In France he had puzzled the meaning of the great stone monuments men had thrown up to the sky and always as he wandered he felt a stranger to their exultation. They were poems in a strange language of which he could barely touch a meaning -- enough to make his being ache with the desire for the fullness he sensed there. <SEP> Brittany that stone-gray mystery through which he traveled for thirty days sleeping in the barns of farmers or alongside roads had worked some subtle change in him he knew and it was in Brittany that he had met Pierre. Pierre had no hands they had been severed at the wrists. <SEP> With leather cups fitted in his handlebars he steered his bicycle. He and Warren had traveled together for four days. <SEP> They visited the shipyards at Brest and Pierre had to sign the register vouching for the integrity of the visiting foreigner. He took the pen in his stumps and began to write. <SEP> Wait Wait Cried the guard who ran from the hut to shout to other men standing about outside. They crowded the small room and peered over one anothers shoulders to watch the handless man write his name in the book. <SEP> Cest formidable they exclaimed. Mais oui. <SEP> And then the questions came eager interested questions and many compliments on his having overcome his infirmity. It ever bother you Warren had asked to have people always asking you about your hands <SEP> Oh the French are a very curious people Pierre had laughed. They are also honest seekers after truth. <SEP> Now the English are painfully silent about my missing hands. They refuse to mention or to notice that they are not there. <SEP> The Americans like yourself take the fact for granted try to be helpful but dont ask questions. Im used to all three but I think the French have the healthiest attitude. <SEP> That was the day that Pierre had told Warren about the Abbey of Solesmes. You are looking tired and there you can rest. <SEP> It will be good for you. I think too he said his dark eyes mischievous that you will find there some clue to the secret of the cathedrals about which you have spoken. <SEP> Within two weeks Warren was ringing the bell at the abbey gate. The monk who opened the door immediately calmed his worries about his reception : I speak English the old man said but I do not hear it very well. <SEP> He smiled and stuck a large finger with white hairs sprouting on it into his ear as though that might help. Smiling at Warrens protestations the old monk took his grip from him and led him down a corridor to a small parlor. <SEP> You please wait in here.
ck24.txt:Eyes were old and they never saw well but heated with whisky theyd glare at my noise growing red and raising up his rage. <SEP> I decided I hated the Pedersen kid too dying in our kitchen while I was away where I couldnt watch dying just to entertain Hans and making me go up snapping steps and down a drafty hall Pa lumped under the covers at the end like dung covered with snow snoring and whistling. Oh hed not care about the Pedersen kid. <SEP> Hed not care about getting waked so he could give up some of his whisky to a slit of a kid and maybe lose one of his hiding places in the bargain. That would make him mad enough if he was sober. <SEP> I didnt hurry though it was cold and the Pedersen kid was in the kitchen. He was all shoveled up like I thought hed be. <SEP> I pushed at his shoulder calling his name. I think his name stopped the snoring but he didnt move except to roll a little when I shoved him. <SEP> The covers slid down his skinny neck so I saw his head fuzzed like a dandelion gone to seed but his face was turned to the wall -- there was the pale shadow of his nose on the plaster -- and I thought Well you dont look much like a pig-drunk bully now. I couldnt be sure he was still asleep. <SEP> He was a cagey sonofabitch. I shook him a little harder and made some noise. <SEP> Pap-pap-pap-hey I said. I was leaning too far over. <SEP> I knew better. He always slept close to the wall so you had to lean to reach him. <SEP> Oh he was smart. It put you off. <SEP> I knew better but I was thinking of the Pedersen kid mother-naked in all that dough. When his arm came up I ducked away but it caught me on the side of the neck watering my eyes and I backed off to cough. <SEP> Pa was on his side looking at me his eyes winking the hand that had hit me a fist in the pillow. Get the hell out of here. <SEP> I didnt say anything trying to get my throat clear but I watched him. He was like a mean horse to come at from the rear. <SEP> It was better though hed hit me. He was bitter when he missed. <SEP> Get the hell out of here. Big Hans sent me. <SEP> He told me to wake you. A fat hell on Big Hans. Get out of here. <SEP> He found the Pedersen kid by the crib. Get the hell out. <SEP> Pa pulled at the covers. He was tasting his mouth. <SEP> The kids froze good. Hans is rubbing him with snow. <SEP> Hes got him in the kitchen. Pedersen No Pa. Its the Pedersen kid. The kid. Nothing to steal from the crib. Not stealing Pa. <SEP> He was just lying there. Hans found him froze. <SEP> Thats where he was when Hans found him. Pa laughed. <SEP> I aint hid nothing in the crib. You dont understand Pa. The Pedersen kid. The kid -- I goddamn well understand. <SEP> Pa had his head up glaring his teeth gnawing at the place where hed grown a mustache once. I goddamn well understand. <SEP> You know I dont want to see Pedersen. That cock. Why should I <SEP> What did he come for hey God dammit get. <SEP> Dont come back. Find out something. <SEP> Youre a fool. Both you and Hans. Pedersen. That cock. Dont come back. Out. Out. <SEP> He was shouting and breathing hard and closing his fist on the pillow. He had long black hairs on his wrist. <SEP> They curled around the cuff of his nightshirt. Big Hans made me come. Big Hans said -- A fat hell on Big Hans. <SEP> Hes an even bigger fool than you are. Fat hey I taught him dammit and Ill teach you. Out. <SEP> You want me to drop my pot He was about to get up so I got out slamming the door. <SEP> He was beginning to see he was too mad to sleep. Then he threw things. <SEP> Once he went after Hans and dumped his pot over the banister. Pad been shit-sick in that pot. <SEP> Hans got an axe. He didnt even bother to wipe himself off and he chopped part of Pas door down before he stopped. <SEP> He might not have gone that far if Pa hadnt been locked in laughing fit to shake the house. That pot put Pa in an awful good humor whenever he thought of it. <SEP> I always felt the memory was present in both of them stirring in their chests like a laugh or a growl as eager as an animal to be out. I heard Pa cursing all the way downstairs. <SEP> Hans had laid steaming towels over the kids chest and stomach. He was rubbing snow on the kids legs and feet. <SEP> Water from the snow and water from the towels had run off the kid to the table where the dough was and the dough was turning pasty sticking to the kids back and behind. He going to wake up What about your pa <SEP> He was awake when I left. Whatd he say <SEP> you get the whisky He said a fat hell on Big Hans. <SEP> Dont be smart. You ask him about the whisky Yeah. Well <SEP> He said a fat hell on Big Hans. Dont be smart. <SEP> Whats he going to do Go back to sleep most likely. Youd best get that whisky. <SEP> You go. Take the axe. <SEP> Pas scared to hell of axes. Listen to me Jorge Ive had enough to your sassing. <SEP> This kids froze bad. If I dont get some whisky down him he might die. <SEP> You want the kid to die Do you <SEP> Well get your pa and get that whisky. Pa dont care about the kid. Jorge. <SEP> Well he dont. He dont care at all and I dont care to get my head busted neither. <SEP> He dont care and I dont care to have his shit flung on me. He dont care about anybody. <SEP> All he cares about is his whisky and that dry crack in his face. Get pig-drunk -- thats what he wants. <SEP> He dont care about nothing else at all. Nothing. Not Pedersens kid neither. That cock. Not the kid neither. Ill get the spirits Ma said. <SEP> Id wound Big Hans up tight. I was ready to jump but when Ma said shed get the whisky it surprised him like it surprised me and he ran down. <SEP> Ma never went near the old man when he was sleeping it off. Not any more. Not for years. The first thing every morning when she washed her face she could see the scar on her chin where hed cut her with a boot cleat and maybe she saw him heaving it again the dirty sock popping out as it flew. <SEP> It should have been nearly as easy for her to remember that as it was for Big Hans to remember going after the axe while he was still spattered with Pas yellow sick insides. No you wont Big Hans said. <SEP> Yes Hans if theyre needed Ma said. Hans shook his head but neither of us tried to stop her. <SEP> If we had then one of us would have had to go instead. Hans rubbed the kid with more snow rubbed rubbed. <SEP> Ill get more snow I said. I took the pail and shovel and went out on the porch. <SEP> I dont know where Ma went. I thought shed gone upstairs and expected to hear she had. <SEP> She had surprised Hans like she had surprised me when she said shed go and then she surprised him again when she came back so quick like she must have because when I came in with the snow she was there with a bottle with three white feathers on its label and Hans was holding it angrily by the throat. Oh he was being queer and careful pawing about in the drawer and holding the bottle like a snake at the length of his arm. <SEP> He was awful angry because hed thought Ma was going to do something big something heroic even especially for her I know him I know him we felt the same sometimes while Ma wasnt thinking about that at all not anything like that. There was no way of getting even. <SEP> It wasnt like getting cheated at the fair. They were always trying so you got to expect it. <SEP> Now Hans had given Ma something of his -- we both had when we thought she was going straight to Pa -- something valuable but since she didnt know wed given it to her there was no easy way of getting it back. Hans cut the foil off finally and unscrewed the cap. <SEP> He was put out too because there was only one way of understanding what shed done. Ma had found one of Pas hiding places. <SEP> Shed found one and she hadnt said a word while Big Hans and I had hunted and hunted as we always did all winter every winter since the spring that Hans had come and I had looked in the privy and found the first one. Pa had a knack for hiding. <SEP> He knew we were looking and he enjoyed it. But now Ma. Shed found it by luck most likely but she hadnt said anything and we didnt know how long ago itd been or how many other ones shed found saying nothing. <SEP> Pa was sure to find out. Sometimes he didnt seem to because he hid them so well he couldnt find them himself or because he looked and didnt find anything and figured he hadnt hid one after all or had drunk it up. <SEP> Hed find out about this one because we were using it. A fool could see what was going on. <SEP> If he found out Ma found it -- thatd be bad. He took pride in his hiding. <SEP> It was all the pride he had. I guess fooling Hans and me took doing. <SEP> He didnt figure Ma for much. He didnt figure her at all and if he found out a woman itd be bad. <SEP> Hans poured some in a tumbler. You going to put more towels on him No. Why not <SEP> Thats what he needs something warm to his skin dont he Not where hes froze good. Heats bad for frostbite. <SEP> Thats why I only put towels on his chest and belly. Hes got to thaw slow. <SEP> You ought to know that. Colors on the towels had run. <SEP> Ma poked her toe in the kids clothes. What are we going to do with these <SEP> Big Hans began pouring whisky in the kids mouth but his mouth filled without any getting down his throat and in a second it was dripping from his chin. Here help me prop him up. <SEP> I got hold his mouth open. I didnt want to touch him and I hoped Ma would do it but she kept looking at the kids clothes piled on the floor and the pool of water by them and didnt make any move to. <SEP> Come on Jorge. All right. Lift dont shove lift. <SEP> O.K. Im lifting. I took him by the shoulders. <SEP> His head flopped back. His mouth fell open. <SEP> The skin on his neck was tight. He was cold all right. <SEP> Hold his head up. Hell choke. <SEP> His mouth is open. His throats shut. <SEP> Hell choke. Hell choke anyway. <SEP> Hold his head up. I cant. <SEP> Dont hold him like that. Put your arms around him. Well Jesus. <SEP> He was cold all right. I put my arm carefully around him. <SEP> Hans had his fingers in the kids mouth. Now hell choke for sure. <SEP> Shut up. Just hold him like I told you. <SEP> He was cold all right and wet. I had my arm behind his back.
ck29.txt:Love <SEP> I had no doubt that it was. During the rest of the summer my scholarly mania for making plaster casts and spatter prints of Catskill flowers and leaves was all but surpassed by the constantly renewed impressions of Jessica that my mind served up to me for contemplation and delight. <SEP> Nothing in all the preceding years had had the power to bring me closer to a knowledge of profound sorrow than the breakup of camp the packing away of my camp uniforms the severing of ties with the six or ten people I had grown most to love in the world. In final separation from them in the railroad terminal across the river from New York I would nearly cry. <SEP> My parents welcoming arms would seem woeful inadequate unwanted. That year was different for just as the city in the form of my street clothes had intruded upon my mountain nights so an essential part of the summer gave promise of continuing into the fall : Jessica and I about to be separated not by a mere footbridge or messhall kitchen but by the immense obstacle of residing in cruelly distant boroughs had agreed to correspond. <SEP> These letters became the center of my existence. I lived to see an envelope of hers in the morning mail and to lock myself in my room in the afternoon to reread her letter for the tenth time and finally prepare an answer. <SEP> My memory has catalogued for easy reference and withdrawal the image of her pink scented stationery and the unsloped almost printed configurations of her neat studious handwriting with which she invited me to recall our summer so many sentences beginning with Remember when and others concerning camp friends who resided in her suburban neighborhood and news of her commencing again her piano lessons her private school a visit to Boston to see her grandparents and an uncle who was a surgeon returned on furlough wounded from the war in Europe. In my letters I took on a personality that differed from the self I knew in real life. <SEP> Then epistolatory me was a foreign correspondent dispatching exciting cables and communiques full of dash and wit and glamor quoting from the books I read imitating the grand styles of the authors recommended by a teacher in whose special after-school class I was enrolled. The letters took their source from a stream of my imagination in which I was transformed into a young man not unlike my bunkmate Eliot Sands -- he of the porch steps anecdotes -- who smoked cigarettes performed the tango wore fifty dollar suits and sneaked off into the dark with girls to do unimaginable things with them. <SEP> Like Eliot in my fantasies I had a proud bearing and with a skill that was vaguely continental I would lead Jessica through an evening of dancing and handsome descriptions of my newest exploits would guide her gently to the nights climax which in my dreams was always represented by our almost suffocating one another to death with deep moist kisses burning with love. The night after reading her letter about her surgeon uncle -- it must have been late in September -- I had a vision of myself returned in ragged uniform from The Front nearly dying my head bandaged and blooded and Jessica bending over me the power of her love bringing me back to life. <SEP> For many nights afterward the idea of her having been so close to me in that imagined bed would return and fill me with obscure and painful desires would cause me to lie awake in shame tossing with irresolution longing to fall into a deep sleep. The weeks went by and the longer our separation grew the more unbounded and almost unbearable my fantasies became. <SEP> They caused my love for Jessica to become warmer and at the same time more hopeless as if my adolescent self knew that only torment would ever bring me the courage to ask to see her again. As it turned out Jessica took matters into her own hands. <SEP> Having received permission to give a camp reunion-Halloween party she asked that I come and be her date. I went and mum and nervous all but made a fool of myself. <SEP> Again among those jubilantly reunited bunkmates I was shy with Jessie and acted as I had during those early Saturday mornings when we all seemed to be playing for effect to be detached and unconcerned with the girls who were properly our dates but about whom later in the privacy of our bunks we would think in terms of the most elaborate romance. I remember standing in a corner watching Jessica act the hostess serving soft drinks to her guests. <SEP> She was wearing her dark hair in two thick braids to attain an American Girl effect she thought was appropriate to Halloween. It made her look sweet and schoolgirlish I was excited to be with her but I did not know how to express it. <SEP> A moment did come that night when the adventurous letter writer and fantasist seemed to stride off my flashy pages out of my mind and plant himself in reality. It was late we were playing kissing games and Jessica and I were called on to kiss in front of the others. <SEP> We blushed and were flustered and it turned out to be the fleetest brush of lips upon cheek. The kiss outraged our friends but it was done and meanwhile had released in me all the remote exciting premonitions of lust all the mysterious sensations that I had imagined a truly consummated kiss would convey to me. <SEP> It was at that party that finally overcoming my timidity inspired by tales only half-understood and overheard among older boys I asked Jessie to spend New Years Eve with me. Lovingly she accepted and so great was my emotion that all I could think of saying was Youre amazing you know <SEP> Later we agreed to think of how we wished to spend that night. We would write to one another and make a definite plan. <SEP> She was terribly pleased. Among my school and neighborhood friends during the next months I bragged and swaggered and pompously described my impending date. <SEP> Though I boasted and gave off a dapper front I was beneath it all frightened. It would be the first time I had ever been completely alone with a girl I loved. <SEP> I had no idea of what subjects one discussed when alone with a girl or how one behaved : Should I hold her hand while walking or only when crossing the street I bring along a corsage or send one to her <SEP> it preferable to meet her at home or in the city Should I accompany her to the door of her home or should I ask to be invited in <SEP> In or out should I kiss her goodnight All this was unknown to me and yet I had dared to ask her out for the most important night of the year <SEP> When in one letter Jessica informed me that her father did not like the idea of her going out alone on New Years Eve I knew for a moment an immense relief but the letter went on : she had cried she had implored she had been miserable at his refusal and finally he had relented -- and now how happy she was how expectant Her optimism gave me heart. <SEP> I forced confidence into myself. I made inquiries I read a book of etiquette. <SEP> In December I wrote her with authority that we would meet on the steps of the Hotel Astor a rendezvous spot that I had learned was the most sophisticated. We would attend a film and later on I stated we might go to the Mayflower Coffee Shop or Childs or Toffenettis for waffles. <SEP> I set the hour of our meeting for seven. At five oclock that night it was already dark and behind my closed door I was dressing as carefully as a groom. <SEP> I wore a new double-breasted brown worsted suit with a faint herringbone design and wide lapels like a devils ears. My camp-made leather wallet bulky with twisted raised stitches around the edges I stuffed with money I had been saving. <SEP> Hatless in an overcoat of rough blue wool I was given a proud farewell by my mother and father and I set out into the strangely still streets of Brooklyn. I felt superior to the neighborhood friends I was leaving behind felt older than my years and was full of compliments for myself as I headed into the subway that was carrying its packs of passengers out of that dull borough and into the unstable tantalizing excitement of Manhattan. <SEP> Times Square when I ascended to it with my fellow subway travellers -LRB- all dressed as if for a huge wedding in a family of which we were all distant members -RRB- was nearly impassable the sidewalks swarming with celebrants with bundled up sailors and soldiers already hugging their girls and their rationed bottles of whiskey. Heavy-coated severe-looking policemen sat astride noble horses along the curbside to prevent the revellers from spilling out in front of the crawling traffic. <SEP> The night was cold but the crowd kept one warm. The giant electric signs and marquees were lit up for the first time since blackout regulations had been instituted and the atmosphere was alive with the feeling that victory was just around the corner. <SEP> Cardboard noisemakers substitutes for the unavailable tin models were being hawked and bought at makeshift stands every few yards along Broadway and ones ears were continually serenaded by the horns rasps and bleats. An old gentlemen next to me held a Boy Scout bugle to his lips and blasted away at every fourth step and during the interim shouted out V for Victory <SEP> His neighbors cheered him on. There was a great sense of camaraderie. <SEP> How did one join them Where were they all walking to <SEP> I supposed to buy a funny hat and a rattle for Jessica It was a quarter of seven when the crowd washed me up among the other gallants who had established the Astor steps as the beach-head from which to launch their night of merrymaking. <SEP> I looked over their faces and felt a twinge : they all looked so much more knowing than I. I looked away. <SEP> I looked for Jessica to materialize out of the clogging curdling crowd and as the time passed and I waited a fiend came to life beside me and whispered in my ear : How was I planning to greet Jessica Where exactly would we go after the movie <SEP> Suppose the lines in front of the movie houses were too long and we couldnt get in Suppose I hadnt brought along enough money <SEP> I felt for my wallet. Its thick substantial outline calmed me. <SEP> When I saw that it was already ten past seven I began to wonder if something had gone wrong. Suppose her father had changed his mind and had refused to let her leave <SEP> Suppose at this very moment her father was calling my house in an effort to cancel the plans I grew uneasy. <SEP> All about me there was a hectic interplay of meetings taking place like abrupt jerky scenes in old silent movies joyous greetings and beginnings huggings and kissings enthusiastic forays into the festive night. Whole platoons were taking up new positions on the steps arriving and departing while I stayed glued like a signpost to one spot. <SEP> At : two hotel doormen came thumping down the steps carrying a saw-horse to be set up as a barricade in front of the haberdashery store window next to the entranceway and as I watched them in their gaudy red coats that nearly scraped the ground their golden fringed epaulets and spic red-visored caps I suddenly saw just over their shoulders Jessica gracefully making her way through the crowd. My heart almost stopped beating.
cl18.txt:Says she has to finish a story. <SEP> He shrugged. I asked her why she couldnt do it tomorrow but it seems the muse is working good tonight and shes afraid to let it go. <SEP> Casey made some comment but his mind was busy as he considered the man. His name was George Needham and he too had come from a good family. <SEP> He was perhaps thirty-two nicely set up with light brown hair that had a pronounced wave. He was always well groomed and well tailored and he had that rich mans look which was authentic enough and came from two good prep schools and a proper university. <SEP> An only child he had done all the things that young men do who have been born to money and social position until his father double-crossed him by dying broke. Since then he had worked at this and that though some said his main interest was gambling. <SEP> All this went through Caseys mind in the first instant but what held his interest was the fact that these two should be together at all. He had understood that Betty had been engaged to a boy named Barry Jenkins. <SEP> She had grown up with young Jenkins and he had heard that they had been at the point of getting married at least twice. He wanted to ask her about Jenkins now but he knew he couldnt do so in Needhams presence. <SEP> And so still wondering and a little perplexed he grinned at the girl and spoke lightly to make sure that she would know he was kidding. Where did you pick him up <SEP> Oh Ive known him quite a while. She glanced at her companion fondly. <SEP> Have nt I George Ive been after her for years Needham said but Ive never been able to get anywhere until the last few days. <SEP> The girls eyes were softly shining as she reached out and touched Caseys hand. I tell you a secret <SEP> Were going to get married. You approve <SEP> Casey kept his smile fixed but some small inner disturbance was working on him as he thought again about Needham who was eight or ten years older than the girl. He wondered whether Needham was going to swear off gambling and get a steady job or whether he was counting on the income from Bettys estate to subsidize him. <SEP> None of this showed in his face and he tried to keep his skepticism in hand. He made a point of frowning of acting out the part of the fond father-confessor. <SEP> Ill have to give it some thought he said. You wouldnt want me to say yes without making sure his intentions are honorable would you <SEP> She made a face at him and then she laughed. Of course not. Ill get my references in order Needham said and though he spoke with a smile Casey somehow got the idea that he was not particularly amused. <SEP> Stop by any time Casey. He stood up and touched the girls arm. <SEP> Come on darling. If youre really serious about working on that story Id better take you home. <SEP> Casey watched them go still frowning absently and then dismissing the matter as he called for his check. As he went out he told Freddie the dinner was perfect and when he got his hat and coat from Nancy Parks and put a fifty-cent piece in the slot he told her to be sure that it went toward her dowry. <SEP> A taxi took him back to the bar and grill where he had left his car and a few minutes later he found a parking place across the street from his apartment. Because his mind had been otherwise occupied for the past couple of hours he did not think to look and see if Jerry Burtons car was still there. <SEP> In fact he did not think about Jerry Burton at all until he entered his living room and closed the door behind him. Only then when his glance focused on the divan and saw that it was empty did he remember his earlier problem. <SEP> Even from where he stood he could see the neatly folded blanket that he had spread over Burton the pillow the sheet of paper on top of it. Then he was striding across the room his thoughts confused but the worry building swiftly inside him as he snatched up the note. <SEP> Jack : Look in the wastebasket. I knew the only way I could beat you was to play possum but it was a good try kid and I appreciate it. <SEP> The wastebasket stood near the wall next to the divan and the instant Casey picked it up he knew what had happened. The discarded papers inside were sodden there was a glint of liquid at the bottom and the smell of whisky was strong and distinct. <SEP> He put the basket down distastefully muttering softly and thoroughly disgusted with himself and his plan that had seemed so foolproof. He remembered too well how he had brought back the loaded drinks to Burton and then returned to the kitchen to get weaker drinks for himself. <SEP> For another second or two he gave in to the annoyance that was directed at himself then his mind moved on to be confronted by something far more serious and as the thought expanded the implications jarred him. It no longer mattered that Burton had outsmarted him. <SEP> The important thing was that Burton had gone somewhere to meet a blackmailer with a gun in his pocket. That gun was empty. <SEP> Even before his mind had rounded out the idea he thrust one hand into his trousers pocket and pulled out the six slugs he had taken from the revolver. He considered them with brooding eyes brows bunched as his brain grappled with the problem and tried to find some solution. <SEP> He said : The crazy fool half aloud. He put the shells on the table as though he could no longer bear to hold them. <SEP> He thought : Where the hell could he have gone How can I find him <SEP> There was no answer to this and he began to pace back and forth across the room his imagination out of control. He tried to tell himself that maybe Burton had sobered up enough to get some sense. <SEP> Maybe he only intended to scare the blackmailer whoever he was in which case an unloaded gun would be good enough. He thought of other possibilities none of them satisfactory and finally he began to think to wonder if there was some way he could reach Burton. <SEP> Then as he turned toward the telephone it rang shrilly to shatter the stillness in the room and he reached for it eagerly. Yeah he said. Casey Yeah. Tony Calenda. <SEP> Casey heard the voice distinctly and he knew who it was but it took him a while to make the mental readjustment and control the disturbance inside his head. When he heard Calenda say : What about that picture you took this afternoon It still took him another few seconds to remember the job he had done for Frank Ackerly. <SEP> What picture He demanded. You took a picture of me at the corner of Washington and Blake about three thirty this afternoon. <SEP> Who says so One of my boys. Casey believed that much. <SEP> Calenda was not the sort who walked around without one of his boys close at hand. So With my trial coming up in Federal Court next week I wouldnt want that picture published. <SEP> Who says its going to be published I wouldnt even want it to get around. <SEP> Under normal circumstances Casey was a little fussy when people told him what to do with pictures he had taken. Even so he generally listened and was usually reasonable to those who voiced their objections properly. <SEP> Right now however he was still too worried about Jerry Burton and the gun that had no bullets and the story Burton had told him to care too much about Tony Calenda. His nerves were getting a little ragged and his impatience put an edge in his voice. <SEP> Look he said. I was hired to take a picture. <SEP> I took it. Thats all I know about it and thats all I care. <SEP> Maybe youd better tell the guy who hired you what I said. You tell him. <SEP> All right Calenda said his voice still quiet. I meant what I said Casey. <SEP> If that picture gets around and I find out you had anything to do with it Im going to send a couple of my boys around to see you. You do that Casey said. <SEP> Just be sure to send your two best boys Tony. He hung up with a bang annoyed at himself for running off at the mouth like that but still terribly concerned with the situation he had helped to create. <SEP> As soon as he could think logically again he reached for the telephone directory and found Jerry Burtons home number. He dialed it and listened to it ring ten times before he hung up. <SEP> He called the bar and grill where he had picked Burton up that afternoon. When he was told that no one had seen Burton since then he thought of three other places that were possibilities. <SEP> Each time he got the same answer and in the end he gave up. By the time he had smoked three cigarettes he had calmed down. <SEP> He had done all he could and that was that. Anyway Burton was not the kind of guy who would be likely to get in trouble even when he was drunk. <SEP> He Casey had been scared for a while but that had come mostly from the fact that he felt responsible. He should have stayed here and watched Burton. <SEP> He didnt. He made a mistake. So what <SEP> He kept telling himself this as he went out to the kitchen to make a drink. Only then did he decide he didnt want one. <SEP> He considered opening a can of beer but vetoed that idea too. Finally he went into the bedroom and sat down to take off his shoes. <SEP> He had just finished unlacing the right one when the telephone rang again. When he snatched it up the voice that came to him was quick and urgent. <SEP> Casey You dont know me but I know you. If you want a picture get to the corner of Adams and Clark just as fast as you can. <SEP> If you hurry you might beat the headquarters boys. Casey heard the click of the distant receiver before he could open his mouth and it took him no more than three seconds to make his decision. <SEP> Over the years he had received many such calls. Some of them came from people who identified themselves. <SEP> Some telephoned because he had done them a favor in the past. Others because they expected some sort of reward for the information. A few passed along a tip for the simple reason that they liked him and wanted to give him a break. <SEP> Only an occasional tip turned out to be a phony and like the police Casey had made a point of running down all such suggestions and he did not hesitate this time. He was in his car with his camera and equipment bag in less than two minutes and it took him only three more to reach the corner a block from Columbus Avenue. <SEP> It was a district of small factories and loft buildings and occasional tenements and he could see the police radio car as he rounded the corner and slammed on the brakes. He did not bother with his radio -- there would be time for that later -- but as he scrambled out on the pavement he saw the filling station and the public telephone booth and knew instantly how he had been summoned. <SEP> The police car had pulled up behind a small sedan its headlights still on.
cg21.txt:Democratic thought pointed up the relation between the Protestant movement in this country and the development of a social religion which he called the American Democratic Faith. <SEP> Those familiar with his work will remember that he placed the incipience of the democratic faith at around. He describes it as a balanced polarity between the notions of the free individual and what he called the fundamental law. <SEP> I want to say more about Gabriels so-called fundamental law. First I want to quote him on the relationship that he found between religion and politics in this country and what happened to it. <SEP> He points out that from the time of Jackson on through World War evangelical Protestantism was a dominant influence in the social and political life of America. He terms this early enthusiasm Romantic Christianity and concludes that its similarity to democratic beliefs of that day is so great that the doctrine of liberty seems but a secular version of its counterpart in evangelical Protestantism. <SEP> Let me quote him even more fully for his analysis is important to my theme. He says : beside the Protestant philosophy of Progress as expressed in radical or conservative millenarianism should be placed the doctrine of the democratic faith which affirmed it to be the duty of the destiny of the United States to assist in the creation of a better world by keeping lighted the beacon of democracy. <SEP> He specifies in the middle period of the Nineteenth Century it was colored by Christian supernaturalism in the Twentieth Century it was affected by naturalism. In every period it has been humanism. And let me add utopianism also. <SEP> Some fourteen or fifteen years ago in an essay I called The Leader Follows -- Where I used his polarity to illustrate what I thought had happened to us in that form of liberalism we call Progressivism. It seemed to me that the liberals had scrapped the balanced polarity and reposed both liberty and the fundamental law in the common man. <SEP> That is to say Gabriels fundamental law had been so much modified by this time that it was neither fundamental nor law any more. It is a weakness of Gabriels analysis that he never seems to realize that his so-called fundamental law had already been cut loose from its foundations when it was adapted to democracy. <SEP> With Progressivism the Religion of Humanity was replacing what Gabriel called Christian supernaturalism. The common man was developing mythic power or charisma on his own. <SEP> During the decade that followed the common man as that piece put it grew uncomfortable as the Voice of God and fled from behind Saint Woodrow -LRB- Wilson -RRB- only to learn from Science to his shocked relief that after all there was no God he had to speak for and that he was just an animal anyhow -- that there was a chemical formula for him and that too much couldnt be expected of him. The socialism implicit in the slogan of the Roosevelt Revolution freedom from want and fear seems a far cry from the individualism of the First Amendment to the Constitution or of the Jacksonian frontier. <SEP> What had happened to the common man French Egalitarianism had had only nominal influence in this country before the days of Popularism. <SEP> The riotous onrush of industrialism after the War for Southern Independence and the general secular drift to the Religion of Humanity however prepared the way for a reception of the French Revolutions socialistic offspring of one sort of another. The first of which to find important place in our federal government was the graduated income tax under Wilson. <SEP> Moreover the centralization of our economy during the s the dislocations of the Depression the common ethos of Materialism everywhere all contributed in various ways to the face-lifting that replaced Mike Fink and the Great Gatsby with the anonymous physiognomy of the Little People. However it is important to trace the philosophy of the French Revolution to its sources to understand the common democratic origin of individualism and socialism and the influence of the latter on the former. <SEP> That John Lockes philosophy of the social contract fathered the American Revolution with its Declaration of Independence I believe we generally accept. After Rousseau had given the social contract a new twist with his notion of the General Will the same philosophy it may be said became the idea source of the French Revolution also. <SEP> The importance of Rousseaus twist has not always been clear to us however. This notion of the General Will gave rise to the Commune of Paris in the Revolution and later brought Napoleon to dictatorship. <SEP> It is clearly argued by Lord Percy of Newcastle in his remarkable long essay The Heresy Of Democracy and in a more general way by Voegelin in his New Science Of Politics that this same Rousseauan idea descending through European democracy is the source of Marxs theory of the dictatorship of the proletariat. This is important to understanding the position that doctrinaire liberals found themselves in after World War and our great democratic victory that brought no peace. <SEP> The long road that had taken liberals in this country into the social religion of democracy into a worship of man led logically to the Marxist dream of a classless society under a Socialist State. The ussr existed as the revolutionary experiment in radical socialism the ultimate exemplar. <SEP> By the time the war ended liberal leadership in this country was spiritually Marxist. We will recall that the still confident liberals of the Truman administration gathered with other Western utopians in San Francisco to set up the legal framework finally and at last to rationalize war -- to rationalize want and fear -- out of the world : the United Nations. <SEP> We of the liberal-led world got all set for peace and rehabilitation. Then suddenly we found ourselves in the middle of another fight an irrational an indecent an undeclared and immoral war with our strongest -LRB- and some had thought noblest -RRB- ally. <SEP> During the next five years the leaders of the Fair Deal reluctantly backed down from the optimistic expectations of the New Deal. During the next five years liberal leaders in the United States sank in the cumulative confusion attendant upon and manifested in a negative policy of Containment -- and the bitterest irony -- enforced and enforceable only by threat of a weapon that we felt the greatest distaste for but could not abandon : the atom bomb. <SEP> In it will be remembered the G.O.P. Without positive program campaigned on the popular disillusionment with liberal leadership and won overwhelmingly. All of this I know is recent history familiar to you. <SEP> I have been at some pains to review it as the drama of the common man to point up what happened to him under Eisenhowers leadership. A perceptive journalist Sam Lubell has phrased it in the title of one of his books as the revolt of the moderates. <SEP> He opens his discourse however with a review of the Eisenhower inaugural festivities at which a sympathetic press had assembled its massive talents all primed to catch some revelation of the emerging new age. The show was colorful indeed exuberant but the press for all its assiduity could detect no note of a fateful rendezvous with destiny. <SEP> Lubell offers his book as an explanation of why there was no clue. And I select this sentence as its pertinent summation : in essence the drama of his -LRB- Eisenhowers -RRB- Presidency can be described as the ordeal of a nation turned conservative and struggling -- thus far with but limited and precarious success -- to give effective voice and force to that conservatism. <SEP> I will assume that we are all aware of the continuing struggle with its limited and precarious success toward conservatism. It has moved on various levels it has been clamorous and confused. <SEP> Obviously there has been no agreement on what American conservatism is or rather what it should be. It was neglected not to say nascent when the struggle began. <SEP> I saw a piece the other day assailing William Buckley author of Man And God at Yale and publisher of The National Review as no conservative at all but an old liberal. I would agree with this view. <SEP> Im not here to define conservatism. What I am here to do is to report on the gyrations of the struggle -- a struggle that amounts to self-redefinition -- to see if we can predict its future course. <SEP> One of the obvious conclusions we can make on the basis of the last election I suppose is that we the majority were dissatisfied with Eisenhower conservatism. To be sure we gave Kennedy no very positive approval in the margin of his preferment. <SEP> This is however symptomatic of our national malaise. Before I try to diagnose it I would offer other evidence. <SEP> I will mention two volumes of specific comment on this malaise that appeared last year. The earlier of them was an unofficial enterprise sponsored by Life magazine under the title of The National Purpose. The contributors to this testament were all well-known : a former Democratic candidate for President a New Deal poet the magazines chief editorial writer two newspaper columnists head of a national broadcasting company a popular Protestant evangelist etc. <SEP> What I want to point out here is that all of them are ex-liberals or modified liberals with perhaps one exception. I suppose we might classify Billy Graham as an old liberal. <SEP> I would further note that they all -- with one exception again -- sang in one key or another the same song. Its refrain was : let us return to the individualistic democracy of our forefathers for our salvation. <SEP> Adlai Stevenson expressed some reservations about this return. Others invoked technology and common sense. <SEP> Only Walter Lippman envisioned the possibility of our having outlived most of what we used to regard as the program of our national purposes. The most notable thing about the incantation of these ex-liberals was that the one-time shibboleth of socialism was conspicuously absent. <SEP> The second specific comment was the report of Eisenhowers Commission on National Goals titled Goals For Americans. They perhaps gave the pitch of their position in the preface where it was said that Eisenhower requested that the Commission be administered by the American Assembly of Columbia University because it was non-partisan. <SEP> The Commission seems to represent the viewpoint of what I would call the unconscious liberal but not unconscious enough to invoke the now taboo symbolism of socialism. Here again we hear the same refrain mentioned above : the paramount goal of the United States set long ago was to guard the rights of the individual ensure his development enlarge his opportunity. <SEP> This group is secularist and their program tends to be technological. It is the need to undertake these testaments that I would submit here as symptom of the common mans malaise. <SEP> Let me add Murrays new book as another symptom of it particularly so in view of the attention Time magazine gave it when it came out recently. Father Murray goes back to the Declaration of Independence too though I may add with considerably more historical perception. <SEP> I will reserve discussion of it for a moment however to return to President Kennedy. As symptomatic of the common mans malaise he is most significant : a liberal and a Catholic elected by the skin of his teeth. That not suggest to you an uncertain and uneasy not to say confused state of the public mind <SEP> What is the common mans complaint Lets take a panoramic look back over the course we have come. <SEP> That way been lit always by the lamp of liberalism up until the turning back under Eisenhower the basic character of that liberalism has been spiritual rather than economic. <SEP> Ralph Gabriel gave it the name of Protestant philosophy of Progress. Theres a subjective side to that utopian outlook.
cg28.txt:As was Mr. ODonnells essay his thesis is so restricting as to deny Faulkner the stature which he obviously has. <SEP> He and also Mr. Cowley and Mr. Warren have fallen to the temptation which besets many of us to read into our authors -- Nathaniel Hawthorne for example and Herman Melville -- protests against modernism material progress and science which are genuine protests of our own but may not have been theirs. Faulkners total works today and in fact those of his works which existed in when Mr. Cowley made his comment or in when Mr. ODonnell wrote his essay reveal no such simple attitude toward the South. <SEP> If he is a traditionalist he is an eclectic traditionalist. If he condemns the recent or the present he condemns the past with no less force. <SEP> If he sees the heroic in a Sartoris or a Sutpen he sees also -- and he shows -- the blind and the mean and he sees the Compson family disintegrating from within. If the barn-burners family produces a Flem Snopes who personifies commercialism and materialism in hyperbolic crassness the Compson family produces a Jason Compson. <SEP> Faulkner is a most untraditional traditionalist. Others writing on Faulkner have found the phrase traditional moralist either inadequate or misleading. <SEP> Among them are Frederick J. Hoffman William Van OConnor and Mrs. Olga Vickery. They have indicated the direction but they have not been explicit enough I believe in pointing out Faulkners independence his questioning if not indeed challenging the Southern tradition. <SEP> Faulkners is not the mind of the apologist which Mr. ODonnell implies that it is. He is not one to remain more comfortably and unquestioningly within a body of social cultural or literary traditions than he was within the traditions -- or possibly the regulations -- governing his tenure in the post office at Oxford Mississippi thirty-five years ago. <SEP> That is not to deny that he has been aware of traditions of course that he is steeped in them in fact or that he has dealt with them in his books. It is to say rather I believe that he has brought to bear on the history the traditions and the lore of his region a critical skeptical mind -- the same mind which has made of him an inveterate experimenter in literary form and technique. <SEP> He has employed from his section rich immediate materials which in a loose sense can be termed Southern. The fact that he has cast over those materials the light of a skeptical mind does not make him any the less Southern I rather think for the South has been no more solid than other regions except in the political and related areas where patronage and force and intimidation and fear may produce a surface uniformity. <SEP> Some of us might be inclined to argue in fact that an independence of mind and action and an intolerance of regimentation either mental or physical are particularly Southern traits. There is no necessity I suppose to assert that Mr. Faulkner is Southern. <SEP> It would not be easy to discover a more thoroughly Southern pedigree than that of his family. After all he has lived comfortably at both Oxford Mississippi and Charlottesville Virginia. <SEP> The young William Faulkner in New Orleans in thes impressed the novelist Hamilton Basso as obviously conscious of being a Southerner and there is no evidence that since then he has ever considered himself any less so. Besides showing no inclination apparently to absent himself from his native region even for short periods and in addition writing a shelf of books set in the region he has handled in those books an astonishingly complete list of matters which have been important in the South during the past hundred years. <SEP> It is more difficult with Faulkner than with most authors to say what is the extent and what is the source of his knowledge. His own testimony is that he has read very little in the history of the South implying that what he knows of that history has come to him orally and that he knows the world around him primarily from his own unassisted observation. <SEP> His denials of extensive reading notwithstanding it is no doubt safe to assume that he has spent time schooling himself in Southern history and that he has gained some acquaintance with the chief literary authors who have lived in the South or have written about the South. To believe otherwise would be unrealistic. <SEP> In looking at Faulkner against his background in Mississippi and the South it is important not to lose the broader perspective. His earliest work reflected heavy influences from English and continental writers. <SEP> Evidence is plentiful that early and later also he has been indebted to the Gothic romancers who deal in extravagant horror to the symbolists writing at the end of the preceding century and in particular to the stream-of-consciousness novelists Henry James and James Joyce among them. His repeated experimentation with the techniques of fiction testifies to an independence of mind and an originality of approach but it also shows him touching at many points the stream of literary development back of him. <SEP> My intention therefore is not to say that Faulkners awareness has been confined within the borders of the South but rather that he has looked at his world as a Southerner and that presumably his outlook is Southern. The ingredients of Faulkners novels and stories are by no means new with him and most of the problems he takes up have had the attention of authors before him. <SEP> A useful comment on his relation to his region may be made I think by noting briefly how in handling Southern materials and Southern problems he has deviated from the pattern set by other Southern authors while remaining faithful to the essential character of the region. The planter aristocracy has appeared in literature at least since John Pendleton Kennedy published Swallow-Barn in and in his genial portrait of Frank Meriwether presiding over his plantation dominion initiated the most persistent tradition of Southern literature. <SEP> The thoroughgoing idealization of the planter society did not come however until after the Civil War when Southern writers were eager to defend a way of life which had been destroyed. As they looked with nostalgia to a society which had been swept away they were probably no more than half-conscious that they painted in colors which had never existed. <SEP> Their books found no less willing readers outside than inside the South even while memories of the war were still sharp. The tradition reached its apex perhaps in the works of Thomas Nelson Page toward the end of the century and reappeared undiminished as late as in the best-selling novel So Red The Rose by Stark Young. <SEP> Although Faulkner was the heir in his own family to this tradition he did not have Stark Youngs inclination to romanticize and sentimentalize the planter society. The myth of the Southern plantation has had only a tangential relation with actuality as Francis Pendleton Gaines showed forty years ago and I suspect it has had a far narrower acceptance as something real than has generally been supposed. <SEP> Faulkner has found it useful but he has employed it with his habitual independence of mind and skeptical outlook. Without saying or seeming to say that in portraying the Sartoris and the Compson families Faulkners chief concern is social criticism we can say nevertheless that through those families he dramatizes his comment on the planter dynasties as they have existed since the decades before the Civil War. <SEP> It may be that in this comment he has broken from the conventional pattern more violently than in any other regard for the treatment in his books is far removed from even the genial irony of Ellen Glasgow who was the only important novelist before him to challenge the conventional picture of planter society. Faulkners low-class characters had but few counterparts in earlier Southern novels dealing with plantation life. <SEP> They have an ancestry extending back however at least to when William Byrd described the Lubberlanders he encountered in the back country of Virginia and North Carolina. The chief literary antecedents of the Snopes clan appeared in the realistic humorous writing which originated in the South and the Southwest in the three decades before the Civil War. <SEP> These narratives of coarse action and crude language appeared first in local newspapers as a rule and later found their way between book covers though rarely into the planters libraries beside the morocco-bound volumes of Horace Mr. Addison Mr. Pope and Sir Walter Scott. There is evidence to suggest in fact that many authors of the humorous sketches were prompted to write them -- or to make them as indelicate as they are -- by way of protesting against the artificial refinements which had come to dominate the polite letters of the South. <SEP> William Gilmore Simms sturdy realist that he was pleaded for a natural robustness such as he found in his favorites the great Elizabethans to vivify the pale writings being produced around him. Simms admired the raucous tales emanating from the backwoods but he had himself social affiliations which would not allow him to approve them fully. <SEP> Augustus Baldwin Longstreet a preacher and a college and university president in four Southern states published the earliest of these backwoods sketches and in the character Ransy Sniffle in the accounts of sharp horse-trading and eye-gouging physical combat and in the shockingly unliterary speech of his characters he set an example followed by many after him. Others who wrote of low characters and low life included Thomas Bangs Thorpe creator of the Big Bear Of Arkansas and Tom Owen the Bee-Hunter Johnson Jones Hooper whose character Simon Suggs bears a close kinship to Flem Snopes in both his willingness to take cruel advantage of all and sundry and the sharpness with which he habitually carried out his will and George Washington Harris whose Tennessee hillbilly character Sut Lovingood perpetrated more unmalicious mischief and more unintended pain than any other character in literature. <SEP> It would be profitable I believe to read these realistic humorists alongside Faulkners works the thought being not that he necessarily read them and owed anything to them directly but rather that they dealt a hundred years ago with a class of people and a type of life which have continued down to our time to Faulkners time. Such a comparison reminds us that in employing low characters in his works Faulkner is recording actuality in the South and moreover is following a long-established literary precedent. <SEP> Such characters with their low existence and often low morality produce humorous effects in his novels and tales as they did in the writing of Longstreet and Hooper and Harris but it need not be added that he gives them far subtler and more intricate functions than they had in the earlier writers nor is there need to add that among them are some of the most highly individualized and most successful of his characters. One of the early humorists already mentioned Thomas Bangs Thorpe can be used to illustrate another point where Faulkner touches authentic Southern materials and also earlier literary treatment of those materials. <SEP> Thorpe came to Louisiana from the East as a young man prepared to find in the new country the setting of romantic adventure and idealized beauty. Thorpe saw also the hardships of pioneer existence the cultural poverty of the frontier settlements and the slack morality which abounded in the new regions. <SEP> As a consequence of the tensions thus produced in his thoughts and feelings he wrote on the one hand sketches of idealized hunting trips and on the other an anecdote of the village of Hardscrabble Arkansas where no one had ever seen a piano and he wrote also the masterpiece of frontier humor The Big Bear Of Arkansas in which earthy realism is placed alongside the exaggeration of the backwoods tall-tale and the awe with which man contemplates the grandeur and the mysteries of nature.
cg24.txt:Presidents personality would have opened that office to him. <SEP> For the first time a representative of the highest office in the land would have been liable to the charge that he had attempted to make it a successorship by inheritance. It is testimony to the deep respect in which Mr. Eisenhower was held by members of all parties that the moral considerations raised by his approach to the matter were not explicitly to be broached. <SEP> These began to be apparent in a press conference held during the second illness in order that the consulting specialists might clarify the Presidents condition for the nation. If Howard Rutstein felt impelled thereafter to formulate the ethics of the medical profession his article in the Atlantic Monthly accomplished a good deal more. <SEP> It forced us to fix the responsibility for the position in which all medical commentators had been placed. The discussion of professional ethics inevitably reminded us that in the historical perspective the Presidents decision will finally clarify itself as a moral rather than a medical problem. <SEP> Because the responsibility for resolving the issue lay with the President rather than with his doctors nothing raises more surely for us the difficulties simple goodness faces in dealing with complex moral problems under political pressure. The President had dealt with the matter humbly in what he conceived as the democratic way. <SEP> The problem is one which gives us the measure of a man rather than a group of men whether a group of doctors a group of party members assembled at a dinner to give their opinion or the masses of the voters. Any attempt to reconcile this statement of the central issue in the campaign of with the nature of the man who could not conceive it as the central issue will at least resolve our confusions about the chaotic and misleading results of the earnestness of both doctors and President in a situation which should never have arisen. <SEP> It was a response to the conflict between political pressure and the moral intuition which resulted in attempts at prediction. In no other situation would a group of doctors struggling competently to improve the life expectancy of a man beloved by the world be subjected to such merciless and persistent questioning and before they were prepared to demonstrate the kind of verbal precision which alone can clarify for mankind the problems it faces. <SEP> Though we can look back now and see their errors we can look back also to the ultimate error. It recurred in the press conferences : the Presidents remarks about his running developed a singular tone one which we find in few statements made by public individuals on such a matter. <SEP> The press conference became a stage which betrayed the drift of his private thinking rather than his convictions. He commented -- thoughtfully a reporter told us -- that it was not too important for the individual how he ends up. <SEP> He gave us a simile to explain his admission that even at the worst period of his second illness it never occurred to him there was any renewed question about his running : as in the Battle of the Bulge he had no fears about the outcome until he read the American newspapers. The attitude that the fate of the Presidency demands in such a situation is quite distinct from the simple courage that can proceed with battles to be fought regardless of the consequences. <SEP> In this case others should not have had to raise the doubts and fears. The Presidency demands an incisive awareness of the larger implications of the death of any incumbent. <SEP> It is of the utmost importance to the people of America and of the world how their governing President ends up during the four years of his term. Only when that term is ended and he is a private citizen again can he be permitted the freedom and the courage to discount the dangers of his death. <SEP> Ironically enough in this instance such personal virtues were a luxury. At the national and international level then what is the highest kind of morality for the private citizen represents an instance of political immorality. <SEP> We had the uneasy sense that the cleavage between the moral and the political progressed amid the events which concern us. The tone of the editorials which greeted Mr. Eisenhowers original announcement of his running had been strangely disquieting. <SEP> Neither the vibrant enthusiasm which bespeaks a peoples intuitive sense of the fitness of things at climactic moments nor the vital argumentation betraying its sense that something significant has transpired was in evidence. Nothing testifies more clearly to that cleavage than the peculiar editorial page appearing in a July issue of Life Magazine the issue which also carried the second announcement of the candidacy. <SEP> The double editorial on Two Aspects Of The U.S. Spirit was subtly calculated to suggest a moral sanction for gambles great as well as small reflecting popular approval of this questionable attitude toward the highest office in the land. The Moral Creed and The Will To Risk live happily together if we do not examine where the line is to be drawn. <SEP> I may possibly be a greater risk than is the normal person of my age the President had said on February th of the election year ignoring the fact that no one of his age had ever lived out another term. My doctors assure me that this increased percentage of risk is not great. <SEP> By the time the risk was doubled events had dismissed from his mind both increased percentages and a previously stated intention of considering carefully anything more serious than a bout of influenza. Only infrequently did the situation color his thinking. <SEP> Ironically no president we have had would have regretted more than President Eisenhower the possibility to which his own words in the press conference held at the beginning of August testified : that unable as he was himself to say his running was best for the country unconsciously he had placed his party before his nation. So it is that we relive his opening statement in the first television address with the dramatic immediacy of the present. <SEP> No consideration of risk urges itself upon him now : for this is what the mind does with the ideas on which it has not properly focussed. Yet with a mind less shallow if less sharp than some of the fortune-happy syndicates which back him he feels what he can not formulate and we watch him amid the overtones which suggest he could never in any conscience urge a risk upon the voters. <SEP> Moving as he is into the phase of the campaign which demands conviction of him he adopts a position that is morally indefensible. He ascribes to the mercy of God the peace which this personal matter -- the assurance that he can physically sustain the burden of the office longer than any individual in the history of our nation has been able to do -- has brought him. <SEP> What is simply an opinion formed in defiance of the laws of human probability whether or not it is later confirmed has become by September of the election year a firm conviction. As a means of silencing a discussion which ought to have taken place the statement is an effective one : we sympathize with the universal confusion which gives rise to such convictions. <SEP> It is also the climax to one of the absorbing chapters in our current political history. In assigning to God the responsibility which he learned could not rest with his doctors Eisenhower gave evidence of that weakening of the moral intuition which was to characterize his administration in the years to follow. <SEP> In any other man this reassurance to the electorate would have caused us a profound moral shock. About this man we had to think twice. <SEP> We knew that it was as reassurance the ironic fruit of a deeply moral nature. The fact remains that even the unconscious acceptance of himself as a man of destiny divinely protected must be censored in any man who evades the responsibility for his major decisions and thus for imposing his will on the people. <SEP> In the context of drifting personal utterances we have examined there was occasional evidence of the origin of all such evasions. When the possibility that he had not given reconsideration to so weighty a decision seemed to disconcert his questioners Mr. Eisenhower was known to make his characteristic statement to the press that he was not going to talk about the matter any more. <SEP> Thinking had stopped it was not to be resumed. The portrait that had developed fragmentarily but consistently was the portrait of a man to whom serious thinking is alien enough that the making of a decision inhibits when it does not forestall any ability to review the decision in the light of new evidence. <SEP> This does not mean that the decision to run for office should inevitably have been revoked. Instead it means that the thinking in which decision issues has the power to determine the morality of the decision as in this instance the pressure for renewed practical or legislative attention to the constitutional problems the decision had uncovered might have done. <SEP> Drifting through a third illness apparently without any provision for the handling of a major national emergency other than a talk with the vice-president Eisenhower revealed the singularly static quality of his thinking. Despite three warnings no sense of moral urgency impelled him to distinguish his situation and thus his responsibilities from Wilsons. <SEP> By contrast the energetic reaction of the leader to the full demands his decision imposes upon him strengthens the moral intuition and gives us the measure of the man. Only by means of an intensive preoccupation with the detailed considerations following from any decision can he ensure attention to the practical details to be dealt with if the implications of immorality in the major decision are effectively to be checked. <SEP> In the incessant struggle with recalcitrant political fact he learns to focus the essence of a problem in the significant detail and to articulate the distinctions which clarify the detail as significant with what is sometimes astounding rapidity. Like Lincoln he can distinguish his relation to God from the constitutional responsibilities a questionable decision exacts of him. <SEP> Like Roosevelt he can distinguish an attitude toward a Russian leader he may share with a host of Americans from the responsibilities diplomatic convention may impose upon him. He chooses to subordinate one to the other sometimes reluctantly accepting criticism for the lesser immoralities facts breed. <SEP> The very nature of a choice so grounded in distinction and fact leads to the valid convictions which become force of will in the manifest leader. The capacity for making the distinctions of which diplomacy is compact and the facility with language which can render them into validity in the eyes of other men are the leaders means for transforming the moral intuition into moral leadership. <SEP> The making of distinctions like the perception of the great distinctions made is an inordinately difficult business. Lincolns slow progress towards the several marking his achievement is even now unrecognizable as such and loosely interpreted as the alternation of inconsistency with vision. <SEP> Because it is the function of the mind to turn the one into the other by means of the capacities with which words endow it we do not unwisely examine the type of distinction in the sphere of politics on which decisions hang. Only recently and perhaps because a television debate can so effectively dramatize President Kennedys extraordinary mastery of detail have the abilities on which the capacity for making distinctions depend begun to be clearly discernible at the level of politics. <SEP> In his recent evaluation of Kennedys potentialities for leadership Walter Lippmann has cited the precision of his mind his immense command of factual detail and his instinct for the crucial point as impressive in the extreme and it is surely clear that the first of these is the result of the way in which the individuals command of language interacts with the other two.
ck23.txt:Was not as though she noted clearly that her nephews had not been to see her for ten years not since their last journey eastward to witness their Uncle Izaak being lowered into the rocky soil that aside from due notification of certain major events in their lives -LRB- two marriages two births one divorce -RRB- Christmas and Easter cards of the traditional sort had been the only thin link she had with them through the widowed years. <SEP> Her thoughts were not discrete. There was a look about her mouth as though she were tasting lemons. <SEP> She grasped the chair arms and brought her thin body upright like a bird alert for flight. She turned and walked stiffly into the parlor to the dainty-legged escritoire warped and cracked now from fifty years in an atmosphere of sea spray. <SEP> There she extracted two limp vellum sheets and wrote off the letters one to Abel one to Mark. Once her trembling hand with the pen grasped tight in it was pressed against the paper the words came sharply smoothly as authoritatively as they would dropping from her own lips. <SEP> The stiffly regal look of them she saw grimly lacked the quaver of age which thwarting the efforts of her amazing will ran through her spoken words like a thin ragged string. Please come down as soon as you conveniently can the upright letters stalked from the broad-nibbed pen I have an important matter to discuss with you. To Abel : I am afraid there is not much to amuse small children here. <SEP> I should be obliged if you could make other arrangements for your daughters. You may stay as long as you wish of course but if arranging for the care of the girls must take time into account I think a day or two should be enough to finish our business in. To Mark : Please give my regards to Myra. <SEP> She signed the letters quickly stamped them and placed them on the hall table for Raphael to mail in town. Then she went back to the wicker chair and resolutely adjusted her eyes to the glare on the water. <SEP> My nephews will be coming down she said that evening as Angelina brought her dinner into the dining room the whole meal on a vast linen-covered tray. She looked at the girl speculatively from eyes which had paled with the years from the early evening lights of them which had first startled Izaak to look at her in an uncousinly way they had faded to a near-absence of color which had possibly from her constant looking at the water something of the light of the sea in them. <SEP> Angelina placed the tray on the table and with a flick of dark wrist drew off the cloth. She smiled and the teeth gleamed in her beautifully modeled olive face. <SEP> That will be so nice for you Mrs. Packard she said. Her voice was ripe and full and her teeth flashed again in Sicilian brilliance before the warm curved lips met and her mouth settled in repose. <SEP> Um said the old lady and brought her eyes down to the tray. You remember them I suppose <SEP> She glinted suspiciously at the dish before her : blowfish. I hope Raphael bought them whole. <SEP> Angelina stepped back her eyes roaming the tray for omissions. Then she looked at the old woman again her eyes calm. <SEP> Yes she said I remember that they came here every summer. I used to play with the older one sometimes when hed let me. Abel <SEP> The name fell with lazy affectionate remembrance from her lips. For an instant the old aunt felt something indefinable flash through her smile. <SEP> She would have said triumph. Then Angelina turned and with an easy grace walked toward the kitchen. <SEP> Jessica Packard lifted her head and followed the retreating figure her eyes resting nearly closed on the unself-conscious rise and fall of the rounded hips. For a moment she held her face to the empty doorway then she snorted and groped for her fork. <SEP> Theres no greater catastrophe in the universe she reflected dourly impaling tender green beans on the silver fork than the dwindling away of a family. Procreation expansion proliferation -- these are the laws of living things with the penalty for not obeying them the ultimate in punishments : oblivion. <SEP> When the fate of the individual is visited on the group then -LRB- the warm sweet butter dripped from her raised trembling fork and she pushed her head forward belligerently -RRB- ah then the true bitterness of existence could be tasted. Indeed the young garden beans were brackish in her mouth. <SEP> She was the last living of the older generation. What had once been a widespread family -- at one time she knew there were enough Packards to populate an entire county -- had now narrowed down to the two boys Abel and Mark. <SEP> She swung her eyes up to the blue of the window her jaws gently mashing the bitter beans. What hope lay in the nephews she asked the intensifying light out there with one married to a barren woman and the other divorced having sired two girl children with none to bear on the Packard name <SEP> She ate. It seemed to her as it seemed each night that the gloom drew itself in and became densest at the tables empty chairs giving her the frequent illusion that she dined with shadows. <SEP> Here too she talked low quirking her head at one or another of the places most often at Izaaks armchair which faced her across the long table. It might have been the absent nephews she addressed consciously playing with the notion that this was one of the summers of their early years. <SEP> She thought again of her children those two who had died young before the later science which might have saved them could attach even a label to their separate malignancies. The girl her first she barely remembered. <SEP> It could have been anyones infant for it had not survived the bassinet. The boy the boy had been alive yesterday. <SEP> Each successive movement in his growing was recorded on the unreeling film inside her. He ran on his plump sticks of legs freezing now and again into the sudden startled attitudes which the camera had caught and held on the paling photographs all carefully placed and glued and labeled resting in the fat plush album in the bottom drawer of the escritoire. <SEP> In the cruel clearness of her memory the boy remained unchanged quick with the delight of laughter and the pain with which she recalled that short destroyed childhood was still unendurable to her. It was one with the desolate rocks and the alien water on those days when she hated the sea. <SEP> The brothers drove down together in Marks small red sports car Mark at the wheel. They rarely spoke. <SEP> Abel sat and regarded the farm country which spreading out from both sides of the road rolled greenly up to where the silent white houses and long barns and silos nested into the tilled fields. He saw the land with a strangers eyes all the old familiarness gone. <SEP> It presented itself to him as it would to any stranger impervious complete in itself. There was stability there too -- a color which his life had had once. <SEP> That is what childhood is he told himself. Solid settled lost. In the stiff neutral lines of the telephone poles he saw the no-nonsense pen strokes of Aunt Jessicas letter. <SEP> What bad grace what incredible selfishness he and Mark had shown. The boyhood summers preceding their uncles funeral might never have been. <SEP> They had closed over absolutely with the sealing of old Izaaks grave. The small car flew on relentlessly. <SEP> The old woman stubbornly reigning in the house above the crashing waters took on an ominous reality. Abel moved and adjusted his long legs. <SEP> I suppose it has to do with the property Mark had said over the telephone when they had discussed their receipt of the letters. Not until the words had been spoken did Abel suddenly see the old house and the insistent sea and feel his contrition blotted out in one shameful moment of covetousness. <SEP> He and Mark were the last of the family and there lay the Cape Ann property which had seemed to have no end stretching from horizon to horizon in those golden days of summer. Now Abel turned his head to look at his brother. <SEP> Mark held the wheel loosely but his fingers curved around it in a purposeful way and the deliberate set of his body spoke plainly of the figure hed make in the years to come. His sandy hair was already beginning to thin and recede at the sides and Abel looked quickly away. <SEP> Mark easily looked years older than himself settled his world comfortably categorized. The vacation traffic was becoming heavier as they approached the sea. <SEP> She didnt mention bringing Myra Mark said maneuvering the car into the next lane. Shes probably getting old -- crotchety I mean -- and we figured uh-uh better not. <SEP> Theyve never met you know. Myra wouldnt budge without an express invitation. <SEP> I feel kind of bad about it. He gave Abel a quick glance and moved closer to the wheel hugging it to him and Abel caught this briefest of allusions to guilt. <SEP> I imagine the old girl hasnt missed us much Mark added his eyes on the road. Abel ignored the half-expressed bid for confirmation. <SEP> He smiled. It was barely possible that his brother was right. <SEP> He could tell they were approaching the sea. The air took on a special strength now that theyd left the fecund warmth of the farmland behind. <SEP> There was the smell of the coast like a primeval memory composed of equal parts salt water clams seaweed and northern air. He turned from the flying trees to look ahead and saw with an inward boys eye again the great fieldstone house which built on one of the many acres of ancestral land bordering the west harbor had been Izaaks bride-gift to his cousin-wife as the last century ended. <SEP> Marks thoughts must have been keeping silent pace beside his own climbing the same crags in dirty white sneakers clambering out on top of the headland and coming upon the sudden glinting water at the same instant. Remember the Starbird Mark asked and Abel lifted his eyes from the double lines in the middle of the road the twin white ribbons which the car swallowed rapidly as it ascended the crest of the hill and came down. <SEP> The Starbird Abel said. There was the day Uncle Izaak had in an unexpected grandiose gesture handed over the pretty sloop to Abel for keeps on condition that he never fail to let his brother accompany him whenever younger the boy wished. <SEP> The two of them had developed into a remarkable sailing team all of this happening in a time of their lives when their youth and their brotherhood knitted them together as no other time or circumstance could. They seemed then to have had a single mind and body a mutuality which had been accepted with the fact of their youth casually. <SEP> He saw the Starbird as she lay her slender mast up and gently turning its point describing constant languid circles against a cumulus sky. Both of them had known the feeling of the small life in her waiting ready for the two of them to run up her sails. <SEP> The Starbird had been long at the bottom of the bay. They came unexpectedly upon the sea. <SEP> Meeting it without preparation as they did robbed of anticipation a common disappointment seized them. They were climbing the hill in the night when the headlights abruptly probed solid blackness became two parallel luminous tubes which broadened out into a faint mist of light and ended. <SEP> Mark stopped the car and switched off the lights and they sat looking at the water which there being no moon out at first could be distinguished from the sky only by an absence of stars.
cn05.txt:Was carrying a quirt and she started to raise it then let it fall again and dangle from her wrist. <SEP> I saw your fire she said speaking slowly making an effort to control her anger. You could burn down this whole mountainside with a fire that size. <SEP> It wouldnt matter to a fool like you. It would to me. <SEP> All right Wilson said quickly. The fires too big. <SEP> I appreciate the advice. He was losing patience again. <SEP> An hour before with the children asleep and nothing but the strange darkness he would have appreciated company. She had helped him change his mind. <SEP> Im not advising you she said. Im telling you. <SEP> That fires too big. Let it burn down. <SEP> Make sure its out when you leave in the morning. He was taken aback. <SEP> It took him a long time to compose himself. Theres some mistake he said finally. <SEP> Youre right about the fire. Its bigger than it has to be though I dont see where its doing any harm. <SEP> Youre wrong about the rest of it. Im not leaving in the morning. <SEP> Why should I I own the place. <SEP> She showed her surprise by tightening the reins and moving the gelding around so that she could get a better look at his face. It didnt seem to tell her anything. <SEP> She glanced around the clearing taking in the wagon and the load of supplies and trappings scattered over the ground the two kids the whiteface bull that was chewing its cud just within the far reaches of the firelight. She studied it for a long time. <SEP> Then she turned back to Wilson and smiled and he wasnt quite sure what she meant by it. You own this place She said and her tone had softened until it was almost friendly. <SEP> You bought it From a man in St. Louis Wilson said. Jake Carwood. <SEP> Maybe you know him. The girl laughed. <SEP> I know him. I ought to. <SEP> My father ran him off here six years ago. Wilson didnt say anything. <SEP> He stood watching the girl wondering what was coming next. She had picked up the quirt and was twirling it around her wrist and smiling at him. <SEP> Carwood didnt tell you that she said. No Wilson said. <SEP> Its understandable. Its not the kind of thing that a man would be proud of. <SEP> It doesnt make any difference. He sold me a clear title. <SEP> I have it with me right here. You want to see -- <SEP> Never mind she said sternly. It wouldnt matter to my father and not to me. <SEP> I meant what I said about that fire. Be sure its out when you leave. <SEP> Thats all. Ill let you go back to doing the dishes now. <SEP> It was meant to insult him and didnt quite succeed. He took the reins just below the bit and held them firmly and it was his turn to smile now. <SEP> I dont mind washing dishes now and then he said pleasantly. It doesnt hurt. <SEP> It might hurt you though. Somebody might mistake you for a woman. <SEP> He meant to say more but he never got the chance. She was quick. <SEP> She brought the quirt down slashing it across his cheek and he tried to step back. She swung the quirt again and this time he caught her wrist and pulled her out of the saddle. <SEP> She came down against him and he tried to break her fall. He grabbed her by the shoulders and went down on one knee taking her weight so that some of the wind was driven out of him. <SEP> It made him a little sick and he let go of her. He got up slowly and she was already on her feet and he stood facing her. <SEP> He wiped the blood from his cheek. I ought to -- he said. <SEP> He was shaking with anger his breath coming in long painful gasps. That quirt -- I ought to use it on you where it would do the most good. <SEP> If you were a man -- She isnt mister. <SEP> The voice came from behind him and Wilson turned. The fire had gone down and the man was only a shadow against the trees. <SEP> A moment later he brought his horse forward into the light and Wilson had a good look at him. He was tall and dark-skinned a half-breed Wilson thought. <SEP> He was handsome despite the long thin scar that slanted across his cheek. Shes not a man mister he said. <SEP> I am. Youve got any ideas. <SEP> He raised the Winchester and pointed it at Wilsons chest. Put the rifle down Joseph the girl said. <SEP> She seemed irritated. I thought I told you to stay home. <SEP> The half-breed eased the Winchester down and rested it across his lap. The scar looked pure white in the half-darkness his eyes were black and deep-set and expressionless. <SEP> You shouldnt be riding up here after dark Judith he said quietly. I can take care of this. <SEP> Its no job for you. The girl tapped the quirt impatiently against her knee and glared at him. <SEP> He took it without flinching. I said go home Joseph. <SEP> Youve got no business up here. The half-breed didnt answer this time. <SEP> The scar seemed to pull hard at the corner of his mouth and his eyes were hurt and angry. It made Wilson wonder. <SEP> He watched the half-breed as he turned silently. They could hear the ponys feet on the dry leaves for a while then the sound faded out. <SEP> Wilson brushed the dust from his coat. Who was that He asked. Your personal guard <SEP> Youre pretty hard on him. He works for my father the girl said and then seemed to change her mind. <SEP> Hes a friend. His names Joseph Sanchez. <SEP> There anything else you want to know Not now Wilson said. <SEP> I guess Ill find out soon enough. Youve got blood on your cheek. Not yours. Mine. <SEP> It must have got there when you fell against me. She wiped it off with the sleeve of her coat. <SEP> Ill bet thats as close as youve been to a man since you were a baby Wilson said. He saw her hand start to work down the leather thong toward the handle of the quirt and he grabbed her wrist. <SEP> Oh no he said and he was without humor now. Ive had enough of that. <SEP> Ive had enough of you. I dont know what goes on around here and I dont care. <SEP> I dont know what makes you think you can get away with this kind of business and I dont care about that either. You took me by surprise. <SEP> Ill know how to handle you next time. She brought up her free hand to hit him but this time he was quicker. <SEP> He side-stepped her blow and she fell stumbling against the gelding. She finally regained her balance and got up in the saddle. <SEP> Her hat had come off and fallen behind her shoulders held by the string and he could see her face more clearly than he had at any time before. He had forgotten that she was so pretty. <SEP> Her prettiness was what he had noticed first and all the other things had come afterward : cruelty meanness self-will. He had known women like that one woman in particular. <SEP> One had been too many. He watched the girl until she had gone into the trees and waited until he couldnt hear the sound of her horse any longer then went up to where the children were sleeping. <SEP> They werent sleeping of course but they thought they were doing him a favor by pretending. He hadnt shown up too well in their eyes letting himself be browbeaten by a woman. <SEP> They expected greater things from him regardless of how trying the circumstances and they were disappointed. And determined not to show it. They lay a little too stiffly with their eyes straining to stay closed. <SEP> Go to sleep he said. Both of you. Theres better things to do than listen to something like that. <SEP> Ill be down at the creek finishing the dishes if you want me. He found the pan where he had dropped it and carried it back down to the stream. <SEP> The coyote was calling again and he hoped that this time there would be no other sounds to interrupt it. Not tonight at any rate. He had a feeling that the girl meant trouble. <SEP> If she did he could stand it better in the light. He scrubbed absent-mindedly at the pans and reflected on how things had turned out. <SEP> That afternoon when they had pulled up in front of the broken-down ranch house his hopes had been high. Already some of the pain had gone from Amelias death. Not all of it. <SEP> There would still be plenty of moments of regret and sadness and guilty relief. They were starting a new life. <SEP> They had almost everything they needed : land a house two whiteface bulls three horses. The land wasnt all Wilson had expected of it. Six hundred and forty acres the old man back in St. Louis had said good grass good water. <SEP> Well the grass was there though in some places the ground was too steep for a cow to get to it. The water was there so much of it that it spread all through the dead orchard. <SEP> There was a house livable perhaps but badly in need of repairs. In the last analysis though Wilson had little cause to complain. <SEP> The place had been cheap -- just the little he had left after Amelias burial -- and it would serve its purpose. There was only one place where Jake Carwoods description had gone badly awry : the peace and quiet. <SEP> It hadnt started out that way. He had a feeling -- thanks to the girl -- that things would get worse before they got better. <SEP> They had the house cleaned up by noon and Wilson sent the boy out to the meadow to bring in the horses. He stood on the porch and watched him struggling with the heavy harness and finally went over to help him. <SEP> Kathy was already in the wagon. They were going to town and they were both excited. <SEP> Wilson backed the team into the traces and wished they werent going to town at all. He had an uneasy feeling about it. <SEP> That girl last night what was her name Judith Pierce. It was the only thing about her that was the least bit hard to remember. <SEP> He finished with the team and filled his pipe and stood looking about him. He had spent two hours riding around the ranch that morning and in broad daylight it was even less inviting than Judith Pierce had made it seem. <SEP> There was brush and stands of pine that no grass could grow under and places so steep that cattle wouldnt stop to graze. There was water. <SEP> There was an artificial lake just out of sight in the first stand of trees fed by a half dozen springs that popped out of the ground above the hillside orchard. Yes there was plenty of water too much and that was probably the trouble. <SEP> There were tracks of cattle all over his six hundred and forty acres. The first part of the road was steep but it leveled off after the second bend and curled gradually into the valley. <SEP> It was hotter once they reached the flat and drier but the grass was better. A warm breeze played across it moving it like waves. <SEP> A red-tailed hawk flew in behind them and stayed there watching for any snakes or rabbits that they might stir up from the side of the road. It took them an hour before they came to the first houses of Kelseyville. <SEP> The town was about what Wilson expected : one main street with its rows of false-fronted buildings a water tower a few warehouses a single hotel all dusty and sunbaked. The place was quiet.
cp11.txt:Where is the car license She asked. <SEP> I cant find it in the glove compartment. Via must have it I answered readily enough recalling her last visit. <SEP> Via she was frowning. Why should Via have it <SEP> she forgotten she had signed the car away that whatever they mutually owned had been divided among the children I was silent. <SEP> I didnt want to stir things up. I drive my own car by courtesy of Via <SEP> Im sure shed turn it over to you if youd rather. You know that. <SEP> She looked as if she were accusing me of some fraud. She must have taken the registration when she went to Walters. <SEP> Ill call her. No thank you. <SEP> I want nothing of Vias. Why should this suddenly assail her <SEP> Walter was giving me checks for my pay the household bills. She been in such a turmoil that this had slipped her mind <SEP> What a fool Ive been she said quietly. I knew all this but I paid no attention. <SEP> I dont even own the house Im standing in. I was so sure it was all temporary that we would all embrace and then the lawyer would tear up all those things <SEP> It narrows down down down and finally there is no way out. If I am not to be Mrs. Salter I am nothing. <SEP> I suppose I should have paid attention to that half-murmured remark but it seemed one of those extreme statements women under stress indulge in. I love you I hate you I feel like killing you and myself and in the same sequence I love you I think youre the most wonderful the most noble and so on and on meanwhile eating a good breakfast and dinner and enjoying living. I went about my business. <SEP> I made a lemon sponge a light dessert roasted a chicken parboiled some frozen vegetables so there would be something nice in the icebox for the weekend. Dont bother Ida she said. <SEP> I have these appointments in town for Saturday and Ill probably spend Sunday with Dolly or the Thaxters. At last I thought shes recovering her spirits. <SEP> With this movie-to-be in London and new faces about her there she would soon be a more tranquil a wiser person all the better for her stay out here. I felt more cheerful as if I had had a part in bringing her through to a greater tolerance of herself. <SEP> I went back to my own cottage to live my own little patch of life. It was foggy that evening but the path to my house was so well grooved that I could feel my way accustomed as I was to the dense mists that rise from the sun-warmed palisades of the river and sometimes last for days. <SEP> In the morning the fog was still thick so that to go to the village I crept along with my headlights full on. I did notice a twinkle of light from the big house through the woods but as I had left a light on in my own house because of the fog I assumed Mrs. Salter had done the same before she left for town. <SEP> I did my shopping had my dentist appointment and from there I went to the womens lunch at our parish church where we discussed plans for the annual Christmas bazaar so that dusk was beginning to gather when I drove home in the late afternoon. But the next day -- Sunday. Why when I drove down to church didnt it speak to me seeing the lights still on and the day crisp and clear <SEP> Prisoners brought to the dock accused of murder or accident say they can not remember and reading the accounts of their testimony you can not believe that the mind can remove absent itself unsee. When I came back from church at noon Mrs. Thaxter was turning into the Salter driveway. <SEP> Even at a cars length I could sense that something was wrong and so I followed her up to the turnaround in front of the house. Dolly Engisch was waiting there on the steps and she came running toward us. <SEP> Shes nowhere nowhere She screamed and both women ran up to the house and I followed. The search began in all the rooms running upstairs down opening closets talking exclaiming in rushes and gasps. <SEP> Everything was as I had left it the night before last -- her portfolio and bag for town her lingerie and dress and shoes laid out only her mink coat was missing. And she. Then the telephoning began. <SEP> I who until that day before had been Mrs. Salters friend her equal was the servant now. It was Dolly and Mrs. Thaxter who were calling Via everybody. <SEP> When they spoke they spoke to each other and not to me. After I brought them sandwiches and coffee I had to go back to my place in the kitchen and wait. <SEP> Sitting in the kitchen I recalled every word Mrs. Salter said that could have been a sign to me. If I am not to be Mrs. Salter then I am nothing. <SEP> Why didnt that alarm me then when she returned from taking her guests back to New York she had said All they talked about was Harvie Harvie this Harvie that <SEP> When they know the truth will they drop away from me will I become a nothing then I remembered a few years before after their return from a short trip to Rome I had heard her boast over and over again On the boat people liked me for myself. <SEP> I had made a habit of calling her at night from my cottage just to check. The last night I had called but the line was always busy and it reassured me. <SEP> I assumed it was one of those hour-long conversations with Dolly or Constance she comfortable in bed. It seemed not from what they were saying. <SEP> Then was it a final desperate plea from her to whom Hanging on and on past any mans patience some final stab of conclusion She was found the day after at the bottom of the cliff. <SEP> I tried to believe that what must have happened was that restless disturbed by this telephone call or whatever she walked out in the night as she had a habit of doing. Sometimes she took the path that winds up around my cottage to the walk at the edge of the cliff. <SEP> Its so romantic up there she used to say with the broad river gleaming in its moontrack like an enormous dark mirror and all the sounds of the night so poetic. With all that warm rain and the fog it might have been as simple as a loosened rock a misstep. <SEP> I didnt really think it was as simple as that nor did anyone else. When a fisherman brought her up in his arms still small as if she were a child asleep I began to shudder with a terrible excitement almost triumphant that I still can not account for. <SEP> It a hysterical release from the long strain of vigilance of those weeks at last the vigilance the will gives way <SEP> what was it that before Via Sonny Walter and all I began almost to dance with shuddering and cry out I knew shed do it I knew <SEP> Everyone stared at me and drew back. Their eyes turned cold and accusing even Vias. <SEP> They have never changed. At the same time that I thought I understood her at long last and pitied her underneath this knowing had there burned unquenched by my pity a fire of hate an enduring envy that burst out in that ghastly outcry <SEP> that what had given way in me Even now I am appalled at how little anyone knows of what they really are. <SEP> It is absurd of course to say that that one exclamation estranged me from the family I considered my very own but there it hangs a cooling void that broke our close connection with each other. At the time I was filled with self-pity at this separation but in the years since I have come to understand that the sight of me was painful to them after that outcry. <SEP> In my person they would always remember that last long time of me alone with her so if they told themselves that I could have prevented it I can understand that by now and love them still because everyone must justify have a scapegoat for what is not to be borne. It is not their avoidance that rankles it is when I meet someone who was a close friend of the family and therefore of mine and they nod to me so coolly and walk away that it hurts. <SEP> I could tell them but no one ever asked why I had cried out so triumphantly at the sight of her body. No I forget Mrs. Mathias who had been away visiting a married daughter when it happened. <SEP> She haunted me she persisted in explaining how and why she had advised Mrs. Salter to return to the country. We all feel guilty I turned away from her coldly. <SEP> It was nobodys fault. She overplayed her hand. <SEP> What do you mean She frowned. <SEP> Why put such a high value on being top dog I added. It was coarse almost insulting this harsh appraisal and she has never come to see me since. <SEP> Suppose she had not taken Mrs. Mathias advice and lived on like thousands of women in towns dispossessed of love hanging on to makeshifts and altogether and finally arid. If she chose and in that final decision discarded what above all all of us value life itself must she not have risen to her fullest height and transcending her murky self felt at last the passion of a great moral decision <SEP> If they say I could have stopped her it is because they are ignorant of her last weeks of self-examination her search into herself and its conclusions. Yes I had cried out that I knew shed do it but without my fully realizing it at the time it was a cry of triumph for her praise at her deliverance from pettiness and greed -- and guilt. <SEP> She was finally at rest in truth of her own proud free choice. At rest with my darling Ellen the first Mrs. Salter. Mr. Salter came home. <SEP> The funeral service was in the house the Methodist minister how clean and glistening his eyeglasses and his neat body standing beside that coffin with that doll inside a stranger speaking to strangers the old sacred words and the rain drumming incessantly in accompaniment seven days of relentless rain that turned the ground to mud so the burial had to be postponed. I waited. <SEP> Then Via called to say they had decided to cremate her -- as they had Ellen the thought leaped to my mind -- and did I want to meet her at the funeral home the next morning. The coffin stood on trestles in a corner of the long low dimly lit funeral parlor on its dark shining surface the sheaf of white roses I had ordered. <SEP> I knelt just for decency I thought at the time but found myself whispering Our Father which Art in Heaven And it was only after that that something unlocked in me and I felt a grief. Via was in the parking lot when I went outside. <SEP> Together we waited in her car until the hearse moved out and we followed it down into the heavy traffic of New Jersey. By the time we arrived and entered the building sacred music was already swelling out into the chapel-like auditorium with its discreet symbols of religious faiths. <SEP> Again I felt impelled to kneel and reached back and pulled Via down. Something would come into her heart if nothing else the sounds of Bach would give her some healing.
cp15.txt:Make us conformists look good. <SEP> Thats a peculiar way to think. It wasnt just the obnoxious birds that had ruffled her own feathers of course she knew that. <SEP> It was Jims little sister Myra the unreliable irresponsible forever flyaway Myra. Shes a year older than I am Lucy told herself. <SEP> Come come Jim said jollying Lucy a little. I love you. <SEP> Susan ready Lucy listened. <SEP> Obviously Susan was not. Upstairs busy feet showering like raindrops pattered around her room. <SEP> Susan would be visiting her grandmother for only a few days but even at seven she was a prudent soul she always packed for a lifetime just in case. Not yet. Every doll in the house must be going with her. <SEP> Shed better step on it. Its a long way to Websterville. <SEP> Jims fine young face was an expressive one too as he looked at her it registered anxiety. You know he said. <SEP> Myra wanted me to thank you for taking Cathy. Itll be only a couple of weeks before she finds a home for them in Paris -- but even so she wants you to know that shes awfully grateful. <SEP> Lucy did not believe him Myra appreciated nothing. Jim had put the thanks in his sisters mouth. <SEP> Darling -- she said and the single word mingled love and exasperation in an equal blend. She should have told me herself. <SEP> Will it be only a couple of weeks Remember what happened the last time <SEP> Leaving Cathy with them Myra had gone out to the Coast for a supposedly brief visit but she had stayed all winter and Cathy had stayed all winter too -- with them. Lucy suspected that Myra would never have come home if Gregg Myras husband hadnt gone out to fetch her. <SEP> That was an awfully long two weeks. For an otherwise silent moment Jims keys jingled nervously in his pocket. <SEP> But she promised -- This will be different he said at last. Youve got to admit she was smart to scare up this fine government job over there -- shell get a home for herself and Cathy in no time. <SEP> Youll see Myras settling down. On the defensive he added I wish youd think what it must be like for her to be without Greg to be a new widow a young widow. <SEP> It depends on the widow. Lucy had an idea that Myra loved it. <SEP> Not for one moment did she believe that Myra had settled down. It seemed to Lucy that all their married life she and Jim had been doing nothing but rescue his sister from the constant crises that were her way of life. <SEP> Remembering that succession of disasters she now considered Cathy an ominous child-cloud on her horizon. It was not that she disliked Cathy. <SEP> The youngster drew her troubled her depths whenever Lucy saw her she tried without noise or fuss to give her the warmth she had never had from Myra. Cathy was Myras responsibility not hers. <SEP> I wouldnt even be surprised she said unhappily if Myra tried to leave her with us forever. Myra loved big cities thousands of miles away -- in Paris of all places -- she might forget she had ever been a mother. <SEP> Lucy knew her too well to find it impossible. Thats a horrible thing to accuse her of <SEP> Jim was so indignant it was obvious that no matter what he said he too had seen the looming specter of a forever-Cathy. He went to the foot of the stairs and shouted up fiercely Susan Susan Get moving <SEP> A startled piping sound returned. Dont yell at Susan Lucy said. <SEP> It only a few nights ago that they had been standing together in front of the house looking at the moon-washed river Their arms around each other they had been talking of the present and the future their talk and their feeling had been as deep and warm as steeped in light as the air around them. <SEP> Then from within the still sleeping house the telephone had rung Myra with her news was on the other end of the line. Jim turned back from the stairway and looked at her. <SEP> His dark brows which had been lowered in anger smoothed. Please he said. <SEP> There isnt a chance of Myras letting anything like that happen. Lets stay friends. <SEP> They werent just friends Lucy thought they were husband and wife and Myra had no right muddling and chilling their marriage. The only thing that had ever come between them was that worthless selfish sister of his. <SEP> Lucy was sick of it. Well at last she said because Susan was clattering down the stairs. <SEP> Susan looked like an overwhelmed baby nurse her arms were straining with a burden of dolls. Im ready she announced. <SEP> Do you need that big bundle Jim said. His voice had sharp edges as though he knew very well Lucy and he were not friends at the moment. All that junk <SEP> Susan stared at him with hurt blue eyes that gushed an instant grief to her each of her dolls was a real person with a living heart. Now now Lucy said approaching Susan with a handkerchief mopping skillfully. <SEP> Your father didnt mean it Susan. She gave Jim a quick shape-up look of warning. <SEP> Shell take every one of them. Jim groaned but he lifted Susans suitcase and said in a gentler tone Sure -- the entire thousand. <SEP> When you get back from Grandmas Cathy will be here to play with you. Nice No Susan said grappling with her outsized armload of dolls with a Scrooge-like effect. <SEP> At this point Lucy thought there should be a lecture on little cousins sharing dolls -- but she could sympathize with Susan there ought to be a limit to sharing too. That was one more reason she didnt look forward to Cathys visit short or long the last one had been a Lilliputian war. <SEP> She suspected that Cathy had been competing with Susan for attention that she had never had. Well Jim said out of the silence lets get going dolls and all. <SEP> When the car with Susans hands waving wildly from the rear window disappeared down the driveway Lucy stood looking after its pale dust. The day was brilliant around her -- flower-scented crisp with breeze -- yet her inner turmoil darkened it. <SEP> She had let Jim go with a chilly good-by a chillier kiss. She was sorry and angry at herself because never in their life together had she done that. <SEP> She turned and began to walk toward the house. At the feeding station the raffish group of cowbirds again bobbed and gobbled over the ground but now gorgeous among them was a beautiful red cardinal radiant in its feathered vestments. <SEP> The handsome bird was solitary its mate must be at home silently guarding their nest. She had better stay there Lucy thought the sly female cowbirds took instant advantage of nests without sentinels. <SEP> Well Lucy She said to herself abandoning the cardinals and the cowbirds. She had a day of things to do among them she had to prepare the guest room. <SEP> How long would it be occupied She wondered with a baffled feeling of helplessness. As long as the unscrupulous Myra chose For a moment her mind returned again to the strange flying world of birds and she said to herself. It isnt only birds that dump their children in other peoples nests. <SEP> In the sunshine of late afternoon Lucy stood looking at the ready guest room. There were new yellow curtains bright as a childs life ought to be a new bedspread lively with hopping rabbits and hanging from the ceiling was an airy Mother Goose Mobile spinning slowly in the breeze. <SEP> A row of little hangers waited for a childs clothes in the neatly empty closet since Myra had always put most of Gregs money on her own back Lucy suspected that no more than a few of that long row would be needed. The closet was faintly fragrant with lavender and as Lucy shut the door an unhappy memory slipped into her mind like a lavender ghost : Gregs house on the day he was buried and the child pale silent baffled watching the funeral guests with panicky eyes. <SEP> Many times since his death that memory had worried and troubled her. Out in the hall the upstairs phone shrilled and the small ghost vanished. <SEP> When she picked up the receiver her mothers cheerful voice was there. Websterville Junction calling she said. <SEP> I just thought Id let you know. Myra dropped Cathy this morning and Jim picked Cathy up and left Susan a few hours ago. <SEP> Id have phoned sooner but Ive been busy. I can imagine <SEP> Susan was an active character for Mother to be able to call Susan must be napping now surrounded by her multitude of dolls. Lucy drew out the chair and sat down she relaxed a little and some of the tension went out of her. <SEP> You could think yourself as grown up as Methuselah yet the maternal voice still kept its comforting magic. How was Cathy Subdued. <SEP> Myra was the merriest widow I ever saw. On her way to the airport on her way to Paris -- you bet Lucy said to herself. <SEP> Ive been fixing up the guest room for Cathy. There was a momentary pause and then her mother said How long is she supposed to stay Just for a couple of weeks till Myra finds a place for them. Well -- This time there was a long silence while the telephone hummed faintly with a voiceless life. <SEP> Puzzled Lucy stared at the flowered wallpaper her mother was forthright she was not usually given to mysterious silences. She thinking along the same lines Lucy was -- that it was quite possible Cathy might be left with her for good <SEP> You mean once Myra gets to Paris the soft pretty moth found the bright light she had always wanted <SEP> Suddenly seekingly Lucy asked Mother do you know something I dont know Again there was that curious pause and then her mother said I guess I do. <SEP> Just before Myra left -- She was saying good-by to Cathy and she didnt realize I was near. She hesitated as though hunting over words and ways of putting them. <SEP> Cathy was in tears of course and I heard Myra say Now be good and at Christmastime Ill send you a wonderful present from Paris. Shocked speechless Lucy sat there. <SEP> Then she jumped to her feet the elastic phone cord uncoiling like a black snake. Christmastime Then it was no bogey she had dreamed up it was only too true. <SEP> Myra had no intention whatever of sending for Cathy in two weeks. For a moment anger darkened the hallway about her and when she found her voice anger thickened it. <SEP> That does it She said. Ill keep Cathy for two weeks. <SEP> Then if Myra does nothing about fetching her Ill pack her right back to her mother -- if I have to take her myself Her hand tightened on the receiver. <SEP> Thats what Im going to tell Jim. For Lucy the days nagging to-and-fro had come to an abrupt end. <SEP> As she hung up she saw through the halls open window the purple-black flying of the cowbirds wings and heard their grotesque singing. Cowbird Myra Shes not going to get away with it. <SEP> Cathy is tired Lucy thought watching them come slowly up the path. The childs thin legs were plodding. <SEP> She trudged along slowly both hands clutching a tired teddy bear. She was at the moment just a small walking package being delivered to her aunts and uncles house. <SEP> Unlike Susan she was traveling light the worn teddy bear a tiny suitcase that Jim carried and the clothes she wore were all she had. Lucy glancing at the miniature case knew there would not be enough in it for the shortest of stays they would have to buy things for her. <SEP> She opened the door.
cn03.txt:Sentry was not dead. <SEP> He was in fact showing signs of reviving. He had been carrying an Enfield rifle and a holstered navy cap-and-ball pistol. <SEP> A bayonet hung in a belt scabbard. He was partially uniformed in a cavalry tunic and hat. <SEP> Mike stripped these from him and donned them. He and Dean tied and gagged the man using his belt and shirt for the purpose. <SEP> They dragged him inside the building. Fiske joined them unsteady on his feet. <SEP> Julia seeing the bandage rushed to him. You are hurt She breathed. <SEP> I never felt better in my life Fiske blustered. He turned to Susan and kissed her on the cheek. <SEP> Thank you My dear he said. You are very brave. <SEP> Mike silenced them. Well talk later. <SEP> First weve got to get out of here. Well grab horses Dean said. <SEP> The main bunch is outside but there are some over there inside the wall. Mike debated it trying to decide whether Fiske was strong enough to ride. <SEP> It at least offered him a chance for living. He had none here. <SEP> For the sake of Julia and Susan it had to be tried. The guerrilla bivouac remained silent. <SEP> Light showed in the orderly room across the parade ground. Someone evidently was on duty there. <SEP> No doubt there would be men guarding the horses. About a dozen animals were held inside the stockade as best Mike could make out in the moonlight. <SEP> Evidently this was a precaution so that mounts would be available in an emergency. He handed the guards rifle to Fiske. <SEP> Dean and myself will try to cut out horses to ride he said. Well stampede the rest. <SEP> You stay with the ladies. All of you be ready to ride hell for leather. <SEP> He added If this doesnt work out the three of you barricade yourself in the house and talk terms with them. He handed the bayonet to Dean and kept the pistol. <SEP> Susan halted Dean and kissed him. She clung to him talking to him and dabbing at her eyes. <SEP> Mike turned away. He was thinking that the way she had responded to his own kiss hadnt meant what he had believed it had. <SEP> He felt unutterably weary. Dean turned from Susan and took Julia Fortune in his arms. <SEP> He kissed her also and with deep tenderness. She too began to weep. <SEP> He released her and joined Mike. All right he said. <SEP> Mike only said Later. Be careful McLish Susan said fiercely. <SEP> The way you were careful He snorted. Running around in the moonlight almost naked and slugging a man with a rock <SEP> He kept going. He wanted no more sentimental scenes with her. <SEP> He might say or do something foolish. Something all of them would regret. He might tell her how sorry a spectacle she was making of herself pretending to be blind to the way Julia Fortune had taken Deans affections from her. And using him Mike McLish as a sop to her pride. <SEP> He handed the bayonet to Dean and kept the pistol. Stay well back of me he said. <SEP> Im going to walk up to the horses bold as brass pretending Im one of the guerrillas. Theres bound to be someone on guard but the hat might fool them long enough for me to get close. <SEP> Holding the pistol concealed he walked to the rear wall of the stockade. It was pierced by a wagon gate built of two wings. <SEP> One wing stood open. Mike passed through it and moved toward the dark mass of horses. <SEP> They were tethered army style on stable lines. A voice spoke near-at-hand. <SEP> Whos that Just me Mike said. <SEP> That you Bill He located his man. <SEP> The guard stood in the shadow of the stockade wall just out of reach of the moonlight. Mike kept walking and got within arms reach before the man became suspicious and straightened from his lax slouch. <SEP> Mike struck with the muzzle of the pistol. The luck that had been running their way left him. <SEP> The guard instinctively parried the blow with his rifle. He tried to veer the rifle around to fire into Mikes body. <SEP> Mike off balance managed to bat the muzzle away a moment before it exploded. The bullet went wide. <SEP> Mike swung the pistol in a savage backlash. This time it connected solidly on the mans temple felling him. <SEP> The explosion of the rifle had crashed against the walls of the stockade and the deep echoes were still rolling in the hills. The startled horses began rearing on their tethers. <SEP> Dean came rushing up. Are you hit He demanded. <SEP> No but the fats in the fire Mike said. Theres no chance now of all of us getting away. <SEP> Youll have to try it alone. The sentrys saddled horse stood picketed nearby having been kept handy in case of need. <SEP> Mike took the bayonet from Deans hand and slashed the picket line. Up you go He said. <SEP> Ride Dean resisted Mikes attempt to push him toward the horse. <SEP> Why not you He protested. Dammit Mike said frantically. <SEP> Youre lighter than me. Its our only chance now. <SEP> Try to find these Feds. The rest of us can fort up in the house and hang on until you get back. <SEP> Youre the one thats taking the big chance. Dean still hesitated but Mike lifted him almost bodily into the saddle and thrust the reins in his hand. <SEP> No telling how good this horse is Mike panted. Favor him and save something in case you hit trouble. <SEP> Watch out for Apaches when it comes daylight. Take the pistol. <SEP> You might need it. Well still have the rifle and I might be able to round up some more. <SEP> Ill stampede the rest of these horses so they cant chase you. Dean leaned from the saddle and gave him a mighty whack on the back. <SEP> McLish he said as he kicked the horse into motion Id be a mighty sad man if we never met again. Then he was on his way at a gallop. <SEP> Mike ran down the line slashing picket ropes with the bayonet. He lifted a screeching war whoop. <SEP> That touched off a total stampede. He darted inside the stockade and freed the horses there. <SEP> These poured through the gate and joined the flight. The animals thundered away into the moonlight heading for the ridges. <SEP> The guerrillas were swarming from their bivouac at the west end of the enclosure. Apaches Mike yelled. <SEP> Theyre stealin the stock He scuttled in shadow along the east wall of the stockade and then followed the south wall until he was at the rear of the two frame buildings. <SEP> He crouched there. His shout had been taken up and repeated. <SEP> The guerrillas were running across the parade ground and through the rear gate in the wake of the departing horses. All were carrying guns they had seized up but they were half-clad or hardly clad at all. <SEP> Durkin and Calhoun came running from the post. They had pistols in their hands. <SEP> They bawled questions that were not answered in the uproar. They followed the others toward the east gate. <SEP> Beyond the stockade rifles began to explode as some of the guerrillas fired at shadows that they imagined were Apaches. Mike made a dash to the rear of the frame buildings. <SEP> He crawled beneath the two supply wagons which stood between the buildings and peered around a corner. The area was deserted. <SEP> A man was standing in the open door of the lighted orderly room a few yards to Mikes left but he too suddenly made up his mind and went racing to join the confused activity at the east end of the stockade. Mike crawled to the door and peered in. <SEP> The orderly room seemed to be deserted. A lantern hung from a peg giving light. <SEP> Ducking inside he found that three rifles were stacked in a corner. A brace of pistols holstered on belts hung from a peg along with ammunition pouches. <SEP> An ammunition case stood open containing canisters which contained powder cartridges. Mike seized a blanket from a pallet in a corner spread it on the floor and used it to form a bag in which he placed his booty. <SEP> Shouldering the load he peered from the door. His looting of the orderly room had taken only a minute or two and the vicinity was still clear of guerrillas. <SEP> He looked at the looming hoods of the supply wagons struck by a new inspiration. He set his bundle down. <SEP> Snatching the lantern from its peg he shattered its globe with a blow against a post. He picked up the powder canister and ran out. <SEP> Bursting paper cartridges he scattered powder beneath the nearest wagon and dumped the contents of the canister upon it. He shouldered the blanket again backed off and tossed the lantern with its open wick beneath the wagon. <SEP> He turned and raced across the parade ground toward the rock house. Powder flame gushed beneath the wagon. <SEP> The stockade was brilliantly lighted and the guerrillas sighted him. They realized the truth. <SEP> Bullets began to snap past him. One struck the muzzle of one of the rifles that projected from the shoulder pack. <SEP> Its force spun him around but he recovered and got into stride again. A bullet tore the earth from beneath his foot when he was a stride or two from safety. <SEP> Another struck him heavily in the thigh and he went down. Guerrillas were racing toward him. <SEP> Susan and Julia came from the door and dragged him with them. The three of them floundered through the door into the interior and fell in a heap. <SEP> Susan bounced to her feet and slammed the door. She crouched aside as bullets beat at the portal chewing into the planks. <SEP> Some tore entirely through the whipsawed post oak. The iron hinges held but the planks were in danger of being torn from the crossbars. <SEP> Mike rolled to Susan grasped her around the knees dragging her off her feet. He hovered over her to shield her for spent bullets were thudding against the rear walls. <SEP> He peered from a loophole. Guerrillas were only a dozen yards away charging the house. <SEP> Mike snatched a pistol from the heap of scattered booty and fired. He dropped a man with the first bullet. <SEP> At the same moment Wheeler Fiske fired the rifle Mike had given him and another guerrilla was hit. That halted the rush. <SEP> The guerrillas scattered for cover. The wagons were burning fiercely. <SEP> The mudwagon had caught fire also. The blaze was spreading to the frame buildings. <SEP> The guerrillas realized they faced a new problem. Gawdamighty One screeched. <SEP> There goes our grub an ammunition Get a bucket line going Calhoun shouted. <SEP> Hurry Hurry <SEP> The guerrillas began a frantic search for pails in which to bring water from the spring. What few containers they found were inadequate. <SEP> Many of them in increasing panic came running with water in their hats in a ludicrous effort. Both buildings were in flames. <SEP> The heat drove the guerrillas back. The roof of the command post began to buckle. <SEP> Drag the wagons to the spring Lew Durkin yelled. Runem right into the spring <SEP> Hustle One of the wagons erupted a massive pillar of flame. <SEP> A sizable supply of powder had been touched off. The wagons and the coach were beyond saving and so were the buildings. <SEP> The glow of the fire reached through the openings in the windows giving light enough to examine Mikes wound. The bullet had torn through the flesh just above the knee inflicting an ugly gash that was forming a pool of blood on the floor. <SEP> It had missed the bone and had passed on through. Susan and Julia ripped strips from their clothing and bound the injury. <SEP> Mike tested the leg and found that he was able to hobble around on it.
cg29.txt:Years ago Julian Huxley proposed to an audience made up of members of the British Association for the Advancement of Science that mans supernormal or extra-sensory faculties are -LRB- now -RRB- in the same case as were his mathematical faculties during the ice age. <SEP> As a Humanist Dr. Huxley interests himself in the possibilities of human development and one thing we can say about this suggestion which comes from a leading zoologist is that so far as he is concerned the scientific outlook places no rigid limitation upon the idea of future human evolution. This text from Dr. Huxley is sometimes used by enthusiasts to indicate that they have the permission of the scientists to press the case for a wonderful unfoldment of psychic powers in human beings. <SEP> There may be a case of this sort but it is not one we wish to argue here. Even if people do in a not far distant future begin to read one anothers minds there will still be the question of whether what you find in another mans mind is especially worth reading -- worth more that is than what you can read in good books. <SEP> Even if men eventually find themselves able to look through walls and around corners one may question whether this will help them to live better lives. There would be side-conclusions to be drawn of course such capacities are impressive evidence pointing to a conception of the human being which does not appear in the accounts of biologists and organic evolutionists but the basic puzzles of existence would still be puzzling and we should still have to work out the sort of problems we plan to discuss in this article. <SEP> All we want from Dr. Huxleys statement is the feeling that this is an open world in the view of the best scientific opinion with practically no directional commitments as to what may happen next and no important confinements with respect to what may be possible. It seems quite obvious that all the really difficult tasks of human beings arise from the fact that man is not one but many. <SEP> Each man that is is both one and many. He is a dreamer of the good society with a plan to put into effect and he is an individual craftsman with something to make for himself and the people of his time. <SEP> He is a parent with a child to nurture here and now and he is an educator who worries about the children half way round the world. He is a utopian with a stake in tomorrow and he is a vulnerable human made captive by the circumstances of today. <SEP> He can sacrifice himself for tomorrow and he can sacrifice tomorrow for himself. He is a Craigs wife who agonizes about tobacco ash on the living room rug and he is a forgetful genius who goes boating with the town baker when dignitaries from the local university have come to call. <SEP> He is the stern guardian of the status quo who has raised the utilitarian structures of the age and he is the revolutionary poet with a gun in his hand who writes a tragic apologetic to posterity for the men he has killed. What will be the final symmetry of the good society <SEP> For what do the utopians labor Here on a desk is a stack of pamphlets representing the efforts of some of the best men of the day to penetrate these questions. <SEP> The pamphlets are about law the corporation forms of government the idea of freedom the defense of liberty the various lethargies which overtake our major institutions the gap between traditional social ideals and the working mechanisms that have been set in motion for their realization. The thing that is notable in all these discussions is the lack of ideological ardor. <SEP> There is another kind of ardor a quiet sure devotion to the fundamental decencies of human life but no angry utopian contentions. Actually you could wish for some passion now and then but when you look around the world and see the little volcanos of current history which partisan social passions have wrought you are glad that in these pamphlets there is at least some civilized calm. <SEP> You could also say that in these pamphlets is a relieving quality of maturity. There is essential pleasantness in reading the writing of men who are not angry who can contend without quarreling. <SEP> This is the good kind of sophistication and with all our problems and crises this kind of sophistication has flowered in the United States during recent years. A characteristic expression of such concern and inquiry is found in Joseph P. Lyfords Introduction To The Agreeable Autocracies a recent paperback study of the institutions of modern democratic society. <SEP> Mr. Lyford gives voice to a temper that represents we think an achieved plateau of reflective thinking. After casting about for a way of describing this spirit we decided that it would be better to use Mr. Lyfords introduction as an illustration. <SEP> He begins : At one time it seemed as if the Soviet Union had done us a favor by providing a striking example of how not to behave towards other peoples and other nations. As things turned out however we have not profited greatly from the lesson : instead of persistently following a national program of our own we have often been satisfied to be against whatever Soviet policy seemed to be at the moment. <SEP> Such activity may or may not have irritated the Kremlin but it has frequently condemned America to an unnatural defensiveness that has undermined our effort to give leadership to the free world. The defensiveness has been exaggerated by another bad habit our tendency to rate the goodness or badness of other nations by the extent to which they applaud the slogans we circulate about ourselves. <SEP> Since the slogans have little application to reality and are sanctimonious to boot the applause is faint even in areas of the world where we should expect to find the greatest affection for free government. Shocked at the response to our proclamations we grow more defensive and worse we lose our sense of humor and proportion. <SEP> Mr. Nehru is subjected to stern lectures on neutralism by our Department of State and an American President observes sourly that Sweden would be a little less neurotic if it were a little more capitalistic. One thing you can say about Mr. Lyford is that he does not suffer from any insecurity as an American. <SEP> Those who are insecure fear to be candid in self-examination. Only the strong look squarely at weakness. <SEP> The maturity in this point of view lies in its recognition that no basic problem is ever solved without being clearly understood. Mr. Lyford continues : Even if the self portrait we distribute for popular consumption were accurate it would be dangerous to present it as a picture of the ideal society. <SEP> We would be ignoring the special circumstances of other countries. The picture is the more treacherous when it misrepresents the facts of American life. <SEP> The discrepancy between what we commonly profess and what we practice or tolerate is great and it does not escape the notice of others. If our sincerity is granted and it is granted the discrepancy can only be explained by the fact that we have come to believe hearsay and legend about ourselves in preference to an understanding gained by earnest self-examination. <SEP> What is more the legends have become so sacrosanct that the very habit of self-examination or self-criticism smells of low treason and men who practice it are defeatists and unpatriotic scoundrels. Although we continue to pay our conversational devotions to free private enterprise individual initiative the democratic way government of the people competition of the marketplace etc. We live rather comfortably in a society in which economic competition is diminishing in large areas bureaucracy is corroding representative government technology is weakening the citizens confidence in his own power to make decisions and the threat of war is driving him economically and physically into the ground. <SEP> The interesting thing about Mr. Lyfords approach and the approach of the contributors to The Agreeable Autocracies -LRB- Oceana Publications -RRB- to the situation of American civilization is that it is concerned with comprehending the psychological relationships which are having a decisive effect on American life. In an ideological argument the participants tend to thump the table. <SEP> They are determined to prove something. The new spirit so well illustrated by Mr. Lyfords work is wholly free of this anxiety. <SEP> The problem is rather to find out what is actually happening and this is especially difficult for the reason that we are busily being defended from a knowledge of the present sometimes by the very agencies -- our educational system our mass media our statesmen -- on which we have had to rely most heavily for understanding of ourselves. The Introduction continues : We experience a vague uneasiness about events a suspicion that our political and economic institutions like the genie in the bottle have escaped confinement and that we have lost the power to recall them. <SEP> We feel uncomfortable at being bossed by a corporation or a union or a television set but until we have some knowledge about these phenomena and what they are doing to us we can hardly learn to control them. It does not appear that we will be delivered from our situation by articles on The National Purpose. <SEP> The Agreeable Autocracies is an attempt to explore some of the institutions which both reflect and determine the character of the free society today. The men who speculate on these institutions have for the most part come to at least one common conclusion : that many of the great enterprises and associations around which our democracy is formed are in themselves autocratic in nature and possessed of power which can be used to frustrate the citizen who is trying to assert his individuality in the modern world. <SEP> These institutions which Mr. Lyford names agreeable autocracies -- where did they come from Of one thing we can be sure : they were not sketched out by the revolutionary theorists of the eighteenth century who formulated the political principles and originally shaped the political institutions of what we term the free society. <SEP> No doubt there are historians who can explain to a great extent what happened to the plans and projects of the eighteenth century. Going back over this ground and analyzing the composition of forces which have created the present scene is one of the tasks undertaken by the Center for the Study of Democratic Institutions in Santa Barbara. <SEP> However we come finally to explain and account for the present the truth we are trying to expose right now is that the makers of constitutions and the designers of institutions find it difficult if not impossible to anticipate the behavior of the host of all their enterprises. The host is the flowing life of the human race. <SEP> This life has its own currents and rhythms its own multiple cycles and adaptations. On occasion it produces extraordinary novelties. <SEP> Rousseau have been able to leave room in his social theory for the advent of television atomic energy and IBM machines How would Thomas Jefferson feel after reading Factories In The Field <SEP> They tell us sir that we are free because we have in one hand a ballot and in the other a stock certificate. With these we shape our destiny and own private property and that sir makes ours the best of all possible societies. <SEP> The reality of the situation however is described by Mr. Lyford : Many of us may even be secretly relieved at having a plausible excuse to delegate ancient civic responsibilities to a new bureaucracy of experts. Thus the member of an industrial union comes to regard his officers as business agents who may proceed without interference or recall the stockholder delivers his proxy and the citizen narrows his political participation to the mere act of voting -- if he votes at all.
cg27.txt:Recollection he has said : Natural or man-made objects kept coming into my head but I would suppress them sternly. <SEP> Moreover he organized the movement of his forms within his rigorously shaped space into highly complex equilibriums and used gradations of color value as well as sharply contrasting elementary colors. The worthy Mondrian seeing these pictures said in a tone of kindly reproof : But you are really an artist of the naturalistic tradition <SEP> Helion did not realize it at the time but it was true. His monumental abstraction made up of smooth metallic non-objects acting upon each other with great tension won Helion much acclaim during thethirties. <SEP> The play of novel lighting effects also entered into these compositions whose controlled power and varied activity made them well worth meditating. As Helions work showed more and more nostalgia for the world of man and nature the pure abstractionists expressed some disapproval but Leger Arp Lipchitz and Alexander Calder at the time gave him their blessing. <SEP> His canvases nowadays bore titles frankly declaring them to be Figures In Space or Blue Figure or Pink Figure and they had -LRB- vaguely -RRB- heads and feet. Exhibited in shows in London in and in New York the following year the new more elaborated abstracts were much favored in the circles of the modernists as three-dimentional dramas of great intellectual coherence. <SEP> At this period the thirty-year old Helion was ranked as one of the mature leaders of the modern movement according to Herbert Read and in the direct line of descent from Cezanne Seurat Gris and Leger. In America Meyer Schapiro observed that unlike the Mondrian school Helion sought a return path to the fullness of nature within the framework of abstract art. <SEP> It is notable that at this time he was writing with admiration of Cimabues and Poussins way of filling space. Abstract art was still the right path for him but he held instead of continuing as an art of reduction it must grow must make a place for the contributions of the Raphaels and Poussins as well as for those of the early cubists and Mondrian. <SEP> Later Helion wrote of this phase : For years I built for myself a subtle instrument of relationships -- colors and forms without a name. I played on it my secret songs unexplained passionate and peaceful. <SEP> His own work was evolving further. The extreme limitations he sensed in all current abstract art made that seem to him increasingly arid and cold. <SEP> He was engaged in constant experiments that searched for new directions. Where would it all lead <SEP> He himself did not know as he said in. He was afraid of the future -- he would in fact welcome a way back to social integration a functional art of some kind. <SEP> During thes the Abstractionists the German Bauhaus group of industrial designers and the new architects all had the dream of some well ordered utopia or welfare state in which their neat and logical constructions might find their proper place. Whereas the postwar American abstractionists seem to Helion to be determined to escape from the real world or simply to rebel against it the ordered abstractions which he and his associates of thes were painting embodied the hope of improving things. <SEP> We were possessed by visions of a new civilization to come very pure and elevated he has said in fact some ideal form of socialism such as we had dreamed of since the war of -. Instead of this thes witnessed a tragic economic depression the rise of Fascist dictators in Europe the wasting Civil War in Spain. <SEP> Very much the political man Helion felt himself deeply affected by the increasingly pessimistic atmosphere of France and all Europe whose foundations seemed to him more and more shaky. In he decided to migrate to America. <SEP> The Rooseveltian America was a haven of liberalism and progress and seemed to him to constitute the last best hope for civilization. Helion also hoped that Americas mastery of technology and industrial efficiency would be accompanied by the production of new and beautiful art works. <SEP> I arrived in the United States with the idea of establishing myself there more or less permanently and finding inspiration for new compositions. In New York he was well received by what was then only a small brave band of non-figurative artists including Alexander Calder George K.L. Morris De Kooning Holty and a few others. <SEP> After a year in a studio on Sheridan Square having married an American girl who was a native of Virginia Helion moved to a village in the Blue Ridge mountains where he produced some of the most imposing of his abstract canvases. The darkening world scene at the time of the Munich Pact continued to trouble his mind even in his remote Virginia studio. <SEP> Fear possessed me and the certainty of war he has related. I truly smelled blood death heaps of corpses everywhere. <SEP> In haste he labored to finish some last abstract paintings : a three-panel frieze with a flying figure and a fallen figure a Double-Figure which went to the Chicago Art Institute and is considered by him the most successful of his abstracts and in early a Fallen Figure of very ominous character which concluded his abstract phase. I knew I was carrying on with abstraction to its very end -- for me he said of the two years output in Virginia. <SEP> With those paintings of big constructions crashing down he felt he could stop. They were in effect his last testament to non-objective art. <SEP> He had taken out first papers for American citizenship but after war came to Europe he decided to return to France arriving there in January. I hated the war he said but thought I ought to go because I was perhaps one of those who hadnt done enough to prevent it. <SEP> In June Sergeant Helion with a company of reserve troops waiting to go into battle was sketching the hills south of the Loire River when the war suddenly rolled in upon him. Its first apparition was a long gloomy column of refugees riding in farm wagons or pushing prams. <SEP> His company then carried out a confused retreating movement until it was surrounded by the Germans a few days before France capitulated. After a sort of death march during four days without food Helion and his comrades were shipped by cattle-car to a labor camp at an estate farm in East Germany. <SEP> A year later they were removed to a Stalag in the harbor of Stettin. At the time of his capture Helion had on his person a sketchbook he had bought at Woolworths in New York. <SEP> When he was stripped deloused and numbered by his guards his much-thumbed sketchbook was seized and thrown on a pile of prisoners goods to be confiscated. It was then I knew that they were making war against Man the individual within -- who questioned things when given orders. <SEP> At Stettin the university-educated artist who had studied German was chosen to serve as interpreter and clerk in the office of the Stalag commander. In secret he also acted as a member of the prisoners Central Committee which plotted sabotage planned a few escapes and maintained a hidden control over the wretched French slave-laborers. <SEP> In the Stalag Helion came to know and love his comrades most of them plain folk who in their extremity showed true courage and ran great risks to help each other. How much they esteemed him is shown by the fact that their underground committee selected him as one of the few who would be helped to escape. <SEP> In the prison camps Black Market civilian clothes were quietly bought and forged papers were devised for him during long weeks the plan for his flight was rehearsed. Every morning contingents of prisoners would be sent out to labor in nearby factories. <SEP> One evening while a volley-ball game was being played in the yard among the prisoners remaining there a simulated melee was staged -- just as the gates were opened to admit other prisoners returning from work. As Helion wrote afterward : Their sentry followed. <SEP> Four hands were stretched toward me by my comrades behind me. Marquet held my briefcase Finot held a wallet with my money and papers Moineau and David held nothing but their fingers. <SEP> They felt rough and kind and warm. At this moment the volley-ball hit the ground. <SEP> Duclos ran toward Desprez with fists raised. The guards all rushed up to intervene Shedding his prison cloak Helion shot through the gates now clad in civilian garments and with the passport of a Flemish worker. <SEP> Riding trains hitching hikes on trucks across Germany slipping through guarded frontiers with the help of secret guides he eventually reached Vichy France and by the winter of was back in Virginia. He wrote : To escape from a prison camp required a very special state of mind not only loathing of captivity but a faith a hope that is even stronger. <SEP> I left behind me brave men whom captivity had robbed of all hope. They too loved their families longed for their villages : yet lacked the faith that drove one to dare the fearful chance of escape. <SEP> It was a time of revelations for him. Even the most rational of men under great stress may be transported by a new faith and behave like mystics. <SEP> Helion knew that he owed his freedom as much to the self-sacrifice of his fellow-men in Arbeitskommando Stettin as to his own fierce will and love of life. After that he declared to return to freedom was to fall to ones knees before the real world and adore it. <SEP> In prison he had been able to sketch nothing but figures from life his guards his companions in misery. Now all his desires centered on rediscovering and singing of the prosaic and yet beautiful world of men and objects so long barred from me by a barbed wire fence. <SEP> He added : During the many months in prison camp all abstract images vanished from my mind. Before leaving for America he happened to see his old friend Jean Arp and confided to him his new resolutions. <SEP> Arp protested : But it is impossible Everything in the way of representation has already been done by the old masters. <SEP> Helion however clung to the belief that in escaping from the Stalag I had also escaped from Abstraction. While convalescing in his Virginia home he wrote a book recording his prison experiences and escape entitled : They Shall Not Have Me <SEP> Published originally in -LRB- Helions -RRB- English by Dutton & Co. Of New York in the book was received by the press as a work of astonishing literary power and one of the most realistic accounts of World War from the French side. It was very widely read too and the author who seemed the embodiment of Frances rising spirit of resistance to her conquerors was much complimented for his daring military action. <SEP> When he showed his new figurative pictures to his artist friends of the abstract camp they paid him no compliments and drew long faces. Between and Helion had a series of one-man shows -- at the Paul Rosenberg Gallery in New York and in Paris -- of his new realistic pictures. <SEP> They reincarnated the figures of human beings banished from his canvases since thes. These new pictures focussed on the familiar and commonplace objects that he had heard the men in his prison camp talking about as the things they missed most hence associated with the sense of lost freedom : the cafe at the corner the newspaper kiosk the girls in doorways and windows along the street the golden-crusted French bread they lacked the cigarettes denied them. <SEP> One of the pictures was of a man with hat drawn over his face ceremoniously lighting a cigarette others were of men doffing their hats to each other carrying umbrellas with pomp reading newspapers or simply showing loaves of bread spread out.
cn12.txt:Several minutes had passed and Curt hadnt emerged from the livery stable Brenner reentered the hotel and faced Summers across the counter. <SEP> I have a little job for you Charlie. Im sure you wont mind doing me a small favor. <SEP> Brenners voice was oily but Summers wasnt fooled. He moistened his lips uneasily. <SEP> What is it you want me to do Mr. Brenner Brenner shrugged carelessly. <SEP> Its very simple. I just want you to take a message to Diane Molinari. <SEP> Tell her to come here to the hotel. Vastly relieved Summers nodded and started toward the door. <SEP> One thing Summers Brenner said. Youre not to mention my name. <SEP> Tell her Curt Adams wants to see her. Summers pulled up short and turned around. <SEP> I dont know Mr. Brenner he said haltingly beginning to get an inkling of Brenners plans. It doesnt seem quite right telling her a thing like that. <SEP> I just -- His voice trailed off into silence. <SEP> Brenner continued to smile but his eyes were cold. He turned and looked around at the lobby as though seeing things he hadnt before noticed. <SEP> You know Summers he said thoughtfully. Eagles Nest ought to have a fire company. <SEP> If someone were to drop a match in here this place would go up like a haystack. He started toward the stairway then turned to add Tell her to come to Adamss room that Adams is in trouble. <SEP> Tell her to hurry. Yes sir. His face pale Summers headed for the street. <SEP> Curts visit to the livery stable had been merely a precaution in case anyone should be watching. He paused only long enough to ascertain that Jesss buckskin was still missing and that his own gray was all right then climbed through a back window and dropped to the ground outside. <SEP> The fact that Jesss horse had not been returned to its stall could indicate that Dianes information had been wrong but Curt didnt interpret it this way. A man like Jess would want to have a ready means of escape in case it was needed. <SEP> Probably his horse would be close to where he was hiding. From the back of the barn it was a simple matter to reach Blacks house without using the street. <SEP> Curt approached the place cautiously and watched it several minutes from the protection of a grove of trees. There was a light in Blacks front room but drawn curtains prevented any view of the interior. <SEP> Curt circled the house and located a barn out back. He could hear horses moving around inside and nothing else. <SEP> There was no lock on the door only an iron hook which he unfastened. He opened the door and went in pulling it shut behind him. <SEP> Again he stood in the darkness listening but there was only the scrape of a shod hoof on a plank floor. He moved ahead carefully his left hand in front of him and came to a wooden partition. <SEP> Horse smell was very strong and he could hear the crunch of grain being ground between strong jaws. He found a match in his pocket and lit it. <SEP> There were two horses in the barn a sway-backed dun and Jess Crouchs buckskin. Curt snuffed out the match. <SEP> It was certain now that Jess was in the house but also presumably was Stacey Black. Curt wanted to get Jess alone without interference from anyone even as spineless a person as the store owner. <SEP> He studied the problem for a few seconds and thought of a means by which it might be solved. Reaching across the side of the stall he slapped the buckskin on the rump. <SEP> The startled animal let out a terrified squeal and thrashed around in the stall. As Curt had hoped the house door banged open. <SEP> He slapped the buckskin again and it kicked wildly its hoofs rattling the side of the stall. Curt moved over beside the door and waited. <SEP> Presently he heard footsteps crossing the yard and Jesss smothered curses. The door swung open and Jess said sourly What the hells the matter with you <SEP> The horse continued to snort. Curt doubted that any animal belonging to Jess would find much reassurance in its owners voice. <SEP> Jess cursed again and entered the barn. A match flared and he reached above his head to light a lantern which hung from a wire loop. <SEP> As he crossed to the side of the stall Curt drew his gun and clicked back the hammer. Before you try anything he said. <SEP> Remember what happened to Gruller. Jess caught his breath in surprise. <SEP> He started to reach for his gun but apparently thought better of it. Thats the stuff Curt said. <SEP> Just hold it that way. He reached out to pull the door shut and fasten it with a sliding bolt. <SEP> You and I have a little talking to do Jess. You wont be needing this. <SEP> He moved up and lifted Jesss pistol out of its holster. Damn you Adams -- Jess was beginning to recover from his initial shock. <SEP> We aint got nothing to talk about. If I dont come back in the house Breeds going to -- <SEP> Your trigger-happy brother isnt in the house. About now hes probably having supper. <SEP> That long ride the four of you took mustve given him a good appetite. Now turn around so I can see your face. <SEP> Jess turned. There was raw fury in his eyes and the veins of his neck were swollen. <SEP> Youre about as dumb as they come Adams. I dont know what youre up to but when Brenner -- <SEP> You can forget about Brenner too Curt said. Its Ben Arbuckle were going to talk about. Arbuckle <SEP> Jess stiffened. I dont know nothin about him. No <SEP> I suppose you dont know anything about a piece of two-by-four either one with blood all over it Arbuckles blood. Curts fingers put a little more pressure on the trigger of his gun. <SEP> So help me Crouch Id like to kill you where you stand but before I do Im going to hear you admit killing him. Now start talking. <SEP> Who told you to do it it Dutch Brenner <SEP> Curt was holding Jesss gun in his left hand. He drew back his arm to slash the gunbarrel across Jesss face but didnt finish the motion. <SEP> Pistol-whipping an unarmed man might come easy to someone like Jess but Curt couldnt bring himself to do it. Apparently sensing this and realizing that it gave him an advantage Jess became bold. <SEP> Having all the guns makes you a big man dont it Adams If we was both armed you wouldnt talk so tough. No <SEP> Curt reached out and dropped Jesss pistol back into the holster. He retreated a step and holstered his own. <SEP> All right Crouch were on even terms. Now draw <SEP> Sweat bubbled out on Jesss swarthy face. The fingers of his right hand twisted into a claw but he didnt reach for the gun. <SEP> Curt angry enough to be a little reckless raised his hands shoulder high. This make it any easier coward <SEP> I aint drawin against you Jess said thickly. I heard how you outdrew Chico. <SEP> I aint a gunslinger. No. Youre the kind of bastard who sneaks up on a man from behind and hits him with a club. <SEP> I just wanted to hear you say so. Jess stared at him without answering and let his hands fall to his sides. <SEP> He had found Curts weakness or what to Jess was a weakness and was smart enough to take advantage of it. Somewhere in the distance a woman screamed. <SEP> Curt was too involved in his own problems to pay much attention. He had to make Jess talk and he had to do it before Stacey Black got curious and came to investigate. <SEP> Once more he lifted Jesss gun from its holster only this time he tossed it into the stall with the frightened buckskin. He dropped his own beside it. <SEP> Well do it another way then he said harshly. Jesss coarse features twisted in a surprised grin which was smashed out of shape by Curts fist. <SEP> With a roar of pain and fury Jess made his attack. Curt managed to duck beneath the mans flailing fist and drove home a solid left to Jesss mid-section. <SEP> It was like hitting a sack of salt. Pain shot up Curts arm clear to the shoulder but Jess seemed hardly aware that he had been hit. <SEP> He slammed into the wall bounced back and caught Curt with a roundhouse right which sent him spinning. An inch lower and it would have knocked him out. As it was his vision blurred and for a moment he was unable to move. <SEP> When his eyes began to focus he saw Jess charging at him with a pitchfork. Curt twisted to one side and the tines of the fork bit into the floor. <SEP> Jess wasted a few seconds trying to yank them loose. It gave Curt time to stagger to his feet. <SEP> The tines broke off under Jesss twisting and he swung the handle in an attempt to knock Curts brains out. His aim was hurried so the pitchfork whistled over Curts head. <SEP> By now Curt was seeing clearly again. He stepped inside Jesss guard and landed two blows to the big mans belly putting everything he had behind them. <SEP> They made Jess double over. When his head came down Curt grabbed him by the hair and catapulted him head first into the wall. <SEP> The building shook setting the lantern to swaying and the buckskin to pitching again. Even Blacks old crowbait began to snort and from the house Black yelled Jess <SEP> Whats going on out there Jess didnt seem too sure himself. <SEP> He lurched drunkenly to his feet lowered his head and took one step away from the wall. Curt caught him flush on the nose with a blow which started at the floor. <SEP> Jess had had enough. Blood gushed from his nose and he backed off as rapidly as he could stumbling over his own feet in his frantic haste to get away from Curts fists. <SEP> Curt was in almost as bad shape but he wouldnt quit. He backed Jess into a corner grabbed a handful of the mans shirtfront and drew back his right fist. <SEP> Tell me about Arbuckle You killed him didnt you <SEP> It was Brenners idea Jess mumbled dabbing at his nose. He found out about you and Arbuckle talking. <SEP> He wanted to show the town what happened to anyone who tried to start trouble. You mean anyone who stood up for his rights Curt said. <SEP> He let go of the shirt and Jess slumped to the floor. Turning his back Curt crossed to the stall reached over to untie the buckskins halter rope and waved his hand in the animals face. <SEP> The buckskin bolted out of the stall. Curt moved in and picked up his gun. <SEP> He shook loose straw out of the action and placed the gun in his holster. Leaving Jesss where it lay he left the stall. <SEP> Get up Crouch. Were going someplace. <SEP> Jess painfully got to his feet as someone rattled the door. Whos in there Black called fearfully. <SEP> Curt opened the door grabbed Black by the shoulder and pulled him into the barn. Youre staying right here for a while. <SEP> This dirty coward just admitted killing Arbuckle. Im going to let him tell it to somebody else. <SEP> He shoved Black toward the stall and pointed his pistol at Jess. Get out of here. <SEP> Youre coming along peacefully or Ill put a bullet in your leg. Jess stumbled through the door. <SEP> Curt followed reaching behind him to shut the door and hook it. Black would have little trouble getting out but it might delay him a few minutes. <SEP> Wherere you takin me Jess asked worriedly. Were going to Marshal Woodss house. <SEP> Maybe if the marshal hears this himself itll make a difference. Somebody in this town must still have some backbone.
cn09.txt:She found exactly the right statement. <SEP> She began it deliberately so that none of her words would be lost on him. I want to tell you something Thomas DeMontez Lord. <SEP> Im well aware that youve got a pedigree as long as my leg and that I dont amount to anything. But -- But it dont matter a-tall Lord supplied fondly. <SEP> To me youll always be the girl o my dreams an the sweetest flower that grows. Beaming idiotically he pooched out his lips and attempted to kiss her. <SEP> She yanked away from him furiously. You shut up <SEP> Shu-tt up-pp Ive got something to say to you and by God youre going to listen. <SEP> You hear me Youre going to listen <SEP> Lord nodded agreeably. He said he wanted very much to listen. <SEP> He knew that anything a brainy little lady like her had to say would be plumb important as well as pleasin to the ear and he didnt want to miss a word of it. She mind speaking a little louder <SEP> I think you stink Tom Lord I think youre mean and hateful and stupid and -- <SEP> louder Said Joyce. Uh-huh. I can hear you while Im checkin the car. <SEP> Looks like we might be in for a speck of trouble. He opened the door and got out. <SEP> He waited at the car side for a moment looking down at her expectantly. Well you goin to say somethin Then helpfully as she merely stared at him in weary silence Maybe you could write it down for me huh <SEP> Print it in real big letters an I can cipher it out later. Aah go on she said. <SEP> Just go the hell on. He grinned nodded and walked around to the front of the car. <SEP> Lips pursed mournfully he stared down at its crazily sagging left side. Then he hunkered down on the heels of his handmade boots peered into the orderly chaos of axle shock absorber and spring. <SEP> He went prone on his stomach the better to pursue his examination. After a time he straightened again brushing the red Permian dust from his hands slapping it from his six-dollar levis and his tailored twenty-five-dollar shirt. <SEP> He wore no gun -- a strange ommission for a peace officer in this country. Never hed once told Joyce had he encountered any man or situation that called for a gun. <SEP> And he really feels that way she thought. Thats really all hes got all he is. Just a big pile of self-confidence in an almost teensy package. <SEP> I could make myself feel the same way She studied him hopefully yearningly against the limitless background of sky and wasteland it was easy to confirm her analysis. <SEP> Here in the God-forsaken place the westerly end of nowhere Tom Lord looked almost insignificant almost contemptible. He was handsome with his coal-black hair and eyes his fine-chiseled features. <SEP> But shed known plenty of handsomer guys and conceding his good looks what was there left He wasnt a big man rather on the medium side. <SEP> Neither was he very powerful of build. He could move very quickly she knew -LRB- although he seldom found occasion to do so -RRB- but he was more wiry than truly strong. <SEP> His relatively small hands and feet gave him an almost delicate appearance. Just nothing she told herself. Just so darned sure of himself that he puts the Indian sign on everyone. <SEP> By gosh I want him and Im going to have him He caught her eye came back around the car with the boot-wearer teetering half-mincing walk. <SEP> Why did these yokels still wear boots anyway when most had scarcely sat a horse in years He slid in at her side tucked a cigar into his mouth and politely proffered one to her. <SEP> Oh cut it out Tom She snapped. <SEP> You stop that stupid clowning for even a minute This aint your brand maybe Lord suggested. <SEP> Maybe you just dont feel like a cigar I feel like getting back to town thats what I feel like <SEP> Now are you going to take me or am I supposed to walk Might get there faster walkin Lord drawled seein as how I got a busted front spring. <SEP> On the other hand howsomever maybe you wouldnt either. I figger its probly a sixty-five-mile walk and I cn maybe get this spring patched up in a couple of hours. How -- with what <SEP> Theres nothing out here but rattlesnakes. Now aint it the truth <SEP> Lord laughed with secret amusement. Not a danged thing but rattlesnakes so I reckon Ill get the boss rattler to help me. Tom For Gods sake Looky. <SEP> He pointed cutting her off. See that wildcat <SEP> She saw it then the distant derrick of the wildcat -- a test well in unexplored country. Even with her limited knowledge of such things she knew that the car could be repaired there sufficiently at least to get them back into town. <SEP> A wildcatter had to be prepared for almost any emergency. He had to depend on himself since he was invariably miles and hours away from others. <SEP> Well lets get going she said impatiently. I -- <SEP> She broke off frowning. What did you mean by that rattlesnake gag <SEP> Getting the boss rattlesnake to help you Why I meant what I said Lord declared. <SEP> What else would I mean anyways She looked at him lips compressed. <SEP> Then with a shrug of pretended indifference she took a compact from her purse and went through the motions of fixing her make-up. In his mood it was the best way to handle him that is to show no curiosity whatsoever. <SEP> Otherwise she would be baited into a tantrum -- teased and provoked until she lost control of herself and thus lost still another battle in the maddening struggle of Tom Lord Vs. Joyce Lakewood. The car lurched along at a snails crawl the left-front mudguard banging and scraping against the tire occasionally scraping against the road itself. <SEP> Lord whistled tunelessly as he fought the steering wheel. He seemed very pleased with himself as though some intricate scheme was working out exactly as he had planned. <SEP> Along with this self-satisfaction however Joyce sensed a growing tension. It poured out of him like an electric current a feeling that the muscles and nerves of his fine-drawn body were coiling for action and that that action would be all that he anticipated. <SEP> Joyce had seen him like this once before -- more than once actually but on one particularly memorable occasion. That was the day that he had practically mopped up the main street of Big Sands with Aaron McBride field boss for the Highlands Oil & Gas Company. <SEP> Tom had been laying for Aaron McBride for a long time just waiting to catch him out of line. McBride gave him his opportunity when he showed up in town with a pistol on his hip. <SEP> He had a legitimate reason for wearing it. It was payday for Highlands and he was packing a lot of money back into the oil fields. <SEP> Moreover as long as the weapon was carried openly the sheriffs office had made no previous issue of it. Whats this all about <SEP> He demanded when Lord confronted him. Im not the only man in town with a gun or the only one without a permit. <SEP> It was the wrong thing to say. By failing to do as he was told instantly -- to take out a permit or return the gun to his car -- he had played into Lords hands. <SEP> The trouble was that he had virtually had to protest. The deputy had forced him to by his manner of accosting him. So How about it <SEP> He said. Why single me out on this permit deal <SEP> Well Ill tell you about that Lord told him. We aim t be see-lective y know <SEP> Dont like to bother no one unless we have to which I figger we do in your case. Figger we got to be plumb careful with any of you Highlands big shots. <SEP> McBride reddened. He himself had heard that there was gangster money in the company but that had nothing to do with him. <SEP> He was an honest man doing a hard job and the implication that he was anything else was unbearable. Look Lord he said hoarsely. <SEP> I know youve got a grudge against me and maybe I cant blame you. You think that Highlands swindled you and I helpedem do it. <SEP> Youre all wrong man Im no lawyer. <SEP> I just do what Im told and -- uh-huh. That could mean trouble with a fella thats workin for crooks. <SEP> You get rid of that pistol right now Mis-ter McBride. You do that or take you out a permit right now. <SEP> McBride couldnt do either of course. Not immediately as the deputy demanded. Not without a face-saving respite of at least a few minutes. To do so would make his job well-nigh impossible. <SEP> Oil-field workers were a rough-tough lot. How could he exert authority over them -- make them toe the line as he had to -- if he knuckled under to this small-town clown <SEP> Ill get around to it a little later he mumbled desperately. Just as soon as I go to the bank and -- huh-uh. Now Mis-ter McBride said Lord and he laid a firmly restraining hand on the field bosss arm. <SEP> It was strictly the deputys game but McBride had gone too far to throw in. Now he could only play the last card in what was probably the worlds coldest deck. <SEP> He flung off Lords hand and attempted to push past him inadvertently shoving him into a storefront. It was practically the last move that McBride made of his own volition. <SEP> Lord slugged him in the stomach so hard that the organ almost pressed against his spine. Then as he doubled gasping vomiting the breakfast he had so lately eaten Lord straightened him with an uppercut. <SEP> A rabbit punch redoubled him. And then there was a numbing blow to the heart and another gut-flattening blow to the stomach But he couldnt keep up with them. <SEP> No more could he defend himself against them. He seemed to be fighting not one man but a dozen. <SEP> He could no longer think of face-saving of honor but only of escape. Why hes going to kill me he thought wildly. <SEP> I meant him no harm. Ive given willful hurt to no man. <SEP> I was just doing my job just following orders and for that hes going to kill me. Beat me to death in front of a hundred people. <SEP> Somehow more terrible than the certainty that he was about to die was the knowledge that Lord would probably not suffer for it : the murder would go unpunished. He McBride would be cited as in the wrong and he Lord would go scot-free an officer who had only done his duty though perhaps too energetically. <SEP> McBride staggered into the street flopped sprawling in the stinging dust. Fear-maddened fleeing the lengthening shadow of death he scrambled to his feet again. <SEP> He couldnt see he was long past the point of coherent thinking. Dimly he heard laughter hoots of derision but he could not read the racket properly. <SEP> He could not grasp that Lord had withdrawn from the fight minutes ago and that his leaden arms were flailing at nothing but the air. He hated them too much to understand -- the people of this isolated law-unto-itself world that was Lords world. <SEP> This he was sure was the way they would act laughing at a dying man laughing as a man was beaten to death. Nothing would be done about it. Nothing unless Donna Donna his young wife the girl who was both daughter and wife to him. <SEP> Donna was like he was. She lived by the rules never compromising never blinded or diverted by circumstance. <SEP> Donna would -- When he regained consciousness he was in Lords house in the office of Doctor Lord the deputys deceased father.
cg08.txt:Road is dead. <SEP> Long live Tobacco Road. Nostalgic Yankee readers of Erskine Caldwell are today informed by proud Georgians that Tobacco Road is buried beneath a four-lane super highway over which travel each day suburbanite businessmen more concerned with the Dow-Jones average than with the cotton crop. <SEP> Thus we are compelled to face the urbanization of the South -- an urbanization which despite its dramatic and overwhelming effects upon the Southern culture has been utterly ignored by the bulk of Southern writers. Indeed it seems that only in todays Southern fiction does Tobacco Road with all the traditional trimmings of sowbelly and cornbread and mint juleps continue to live -- but only as a weary overexploited phantom. <SEP> Those writers known collectively as the Southern school have received accolades from even those critics least prone to eulogize according to many critics in fact the South has led the North in literature since the Civil War both quantitatively and qualitatively. Such writers as William Faulkner and Robert Penn Warren have led the field of somewhat less important writers in a sort of post-bellum renaissance. <SEP> It is interesting however that despite this strong upsurge in Southern writing almost none of the writers has forsaken the firmly entrenched concept of the white-suited big-daddy colonel sipping a mint julep as he silently recounts the revenue from the seasons cotton and tobacco crops of the stereotyped Negro servants chanting hymns as they plow the fields of these and a host of other antiquated legends that deny the South its progressive leaps of the past century. This is not to say that the South is no longer agrarian such a statement would be the rankest form of oversimplification. <SEP> The South is and has been for the past century engaged in a wide-sweeping urbanization which oddly enough is not reflected in its literature. In the South was only % urban in it had become. % urban. <SEP> In a mere half-century the South has more than tripled its urban status. There is a New South emerging a South losing the folksy traditions of an agrarian society with the rapidity of an avalanche -- especially within recent decades. <SEP> As the New South snowballs toward further urbanization it becomes more and more homogeneous with the North -- a tendency which Willard Thorp terms Yankeefication as evidenced in such cities as Charlotte Birmingham and Houston. It is said that even at the present stage of Southern urbanization such a city as Atlanta is not distinctly unlike Columbus or Trenton. <SEP> Undoubtedly even the old Southern stalwart Richmond has felt the new wind : William Styron mentions in his latest novel an avenue named for Bankhead McGruder a Civil War general now renamed in typical California fashion Buena Vista Terrace. The effects of television and other mass media are erasing regional dialects and localisms with a startling force. <SEP> As for progress the backward South can boast of Baton Rouge which increased its population between and by two hundred and sixty-two percent to the second largest growth of the period for all cities over. The field then is ripe for new Southerners to step to the fore and write of this twentieth-century phenomenon the Southern Yankeefication : the new urban economy the city-dweller the pains of transition the labor problems the list is obviously endless. <SEP> These sources have not been tapped. Truman Capote is still reveling in Southern Gothicism exaggerating the old Southern legends into something beautiful and grotesque but as unreal as -- or even more unreal than -- yesterday. <SEP> William Styron while facing the changing economy with a certain uneasy reluctance insists he is not to be classified as a Southern writer and yet includes traditional Southern concepts in everything he publishes. Even the great god Faulkner the Souths one probable contender for literary immortality has little concerned himself with these matters such are simply not within his bounded province. <SEP> Where are the writers to treat these changes the agrarian tradition become such an addiction that the switch to urbanism is somehow dreaded or unwanted <SEP> Perhaps present writers hypnotically cling to the older order because they consider it useful and reliable through repeated testings over the decades. Lacking the pioneer spirit necessary to write of a new economy these writers seem to be contenting themselves with an old one that is now as defunct as Confederate money. <SEP> An example of the changes which have crept over the Southern region may be seen in the Southern Negros quest for a position in the white-dominated society a problem that has been reflected in regional fiction especially since. Today the Negro must discover his role in an industrialized South which indicates that the racial aspect of the Southern dilemma hasnt changed radically but rather has gradually come to be reflected in this new context this new coat of paint. <SEP> The Negro faces as much if not more difficulty in fitting himself into an urban economy as he did in an agrarian one. This represents a gradual change in an ever-present social problem. <SEP> There have been abrupt changes as well : the sit-ins the picket lines the bus strikes -- all of these were unheard-of even ten years ago. Todays evidence such as the fact that only three Southern states -LRB- South Carolina Alabama and Mississippi -RRB- still openly defy integration would have astounded many of yesterdays Southerners into speechlessness. <SEP> Other examples of gradual changes that have affected the Negro have been his moving up row by row in the buses his requesting and often getting higher wages better working conditions better schools -- changes that were slowly emerging even before the Supreme Court decision of. Then came this decision which sped the process of gaining equality -LRB- or perhaps hindered it only historical evolution will determine which -RRB- : an abrupt change. <SEP> Since the Negros desire for social justice has led to an ironically anarchical rebellion. He has frequently refused to move from white lunch counters refused to obey local laws which he considers unjust while in other cases he has appealed to federal laws. <SEP> This bold self-assertion after decades of humble subservience is indeed a twentieth-century phenomenon an abrupt change in the Southern way of existence. A new order is thrusting itself into being. <SEP> A new South is emerging after the post-bellum years of hesitation uncertainty and lack of action from the Negro in defining his new role in the amorphously defined socio-political organizations of the white man. The modern Negro has not made a decisive debut into Southern fiction. <SEP> It is clear that while most writers enjoy picturing the Negro as a woolly-headed humble old agrarian who mutters yassuhs and sho nufs with blissful deference to his white employer -LRB- or in Old South terms massuh -RRB- this stereotype is doomed to become in reality as obsolete as Caldwells Lester. While there may still be many Faulknerian Lucas Beauchamps scattered through the rural South such men appear to be a vanishing breed. <SEP> Writers openly admit that the Negro is easier to write than the white man but they obviously mean by this not a Negro personality but a Negro type. Presenting an individualized Negro character it would seem is one of the most difficult assignments a Southern writer could tackle and the success of such an endeavor is as suggested above glaringly rare. <SEP> Just as the Negro situation points up the gradual and abrupt changes affecting Southern life it also points up the non-representation of urbanism in Southern literature. The book concerned with the Negros role in an urban society is rare indeed recently only Keith Wheelers novel Peaceable Lane has openly faced the problem. <SEP> All but the most rabid of Confederate flag wavers admit that the Old Southern tradition is defunct in actuality and sigh that its passing was accompanied by the disappearance of many genteel and aristocratic traditions of the reputedly languid ante-bellum way of life. Many earlier writers mourning the demise of the old order tended to romanticize and exaggerate this gracious Old South imagery creating such lasting impressions as Margaret Mitchells Tara Plantation. <SEP> Modern writers who are supposed to keep their fingers firmly upon the pulse of their subjects insist upon drawing out this legend prolonging its burial when it well deserves a rest after the overexploitation of the past century. Perhaps these writers have been too deeply moved by this romanticizing but they can hardly deny that exaggerated or not the old panorama is dead. <SEP> As John T. Westbrook says in his article Twilight Of Southern Regionalism -LRB- Southwest Review Winter -RRB- : The miasmal mausoleum where an Old South already too minutely autopsied in prose and poetry should be left to rest in peace forever dead and -LRB- let us fervently hope -RRB- forever done with. Westbrook further bemoans the Southern writers creation of an unreal image of their homeland which is too readily assimilated by both foreign readers and visiting Yankees : Our northerner is suspicious of all this crass evidence -LRB- of urbanization -RRB- presented to his senses. <SEP> It bewilders and befuddles him. He is too deeply steeped in William Faulkner and Robert Penn Warren. <SEP> The fumes of progress are in his nose and the bright steel of industry towers before his eyes but his heart is away in Yoknapatawpha County with razorback hogs and night riders. On this trip to the South he wants above all else to sniff the effluvium of backwoods-and-sand-hill subhumanity and to see at least one barn burn at midnight. <SEP> Obviously such a Northern tourists purpose is somewhat akin to a childs experience with Disneyland : he wants to see a world of make-believe. In the meantime while the South has been undergoing this phenomenal modernization that is so disappointing to the curious Yankee Southern writers have certainly done little to reflect and promote their regions progress. <SEP> Willard Thorp in his new book American Writing In The Twentieth Century observes quite validly it seems : Certain subjects are conspicuously absent or have been only lightly touched. No Southern novelist has done for Atlanta or Birmingham what Herrick Dreiser and Farrell did for Chicago or Dos Passos did for New York. <SEP> There are almost no fictional treatments of the industrialized south. Not a single Southern author major or minor has made the urban problems of an urban South his primary source material. <SEP> Faulkner for one appears to be safe from the accusing fingers of all assailants in this regard. Faulkner culminates the Southern legend perhaps more masterfully than it has ever been or could ever be done. <SEP> He has made it his and his it remains irrevocably. He treats it with a mythological universal application. <SEP> As his disciples boast even though his emphasis is elsewhere Faulkner does show his awareness of the changing order of the South quite keenly as can be proven by a quick recalling of his Sartoris and Snopes families. Even two decades ago in Go Down Moses Faulkner was looking to the more urban future with a glimmer of hope that through its youth and its new way of life the South might be reborn and the curse of slavery erased from its soil. <SEP> Yet his concern even here is with a slowly changing socio-economic order in general and he never deals with such specific aspects of this change as the urban and industrial impact. Faulkner traces in his vast and overpowering saga of Yoknapatawpha County the gradual changes which seep into the South building layer upon layer of minute subtle innovation which eventually tend largely to hide the Old Way. <SEP> Thus Faulkner reminds us and wisely that the new South has gradually evolved out of the Old South and consequently its agrarian roots persist. He presents a realm of source material which may well serve other writers if not himself : the problems with which a New South must grapple in groping through a blind adolescence into the maturity of urbanization. <SEP> With new mechanization the modern farmer must perform the work of six men : a machine stands between the agrarian and his soil. The thousands of city migrants who desert the farms yearly must readjust with even greater stress and tension : the sacred wilderness is gradually surrendering to suburbs and research parks and industrial areas.
cn01.txt:Morgan told himself he would forget Ann Turner. <SEP> He was well rid of her. He certainly didnt want a wife who was fickle as Ann. <SEP> If he had married her hed have been asking for trouble. All of this was rationalization. <SEP> Sometimes he woke up in the middle of the night thinking of Ann and then could not get back to sleep. His plans and dreams had revolved around her so much and for so long that now he felt as if he had nothing. <SEP> The easiest thing would be to sell out to Al Budd and leave the country but there was a stubborn streak in him that wouldnt allow it. The best antidote for the bitterness and disappointment that poisoned him was hard work. <SEP> He found that if he was tired enough at night he went to sleep simply because he was too exhausted to stay awake. Each day he found himself thinking less often of Ann each day the hurt was a little duller a little less poignant. <SEP> He had plenty of work to do. Because the summer was unusually dry and hot the spring produced a smaller stream than in ordinary years. <SEP> The grass in the meadows came fast now that the warm weather was here. He could not afford to lose a drop of the precious water so he spent most of his waking hours along the ditches in his meadows. <SEP> He had no idea how much time Budd would give him. In any case he had no intention of being caught asleep so he carried his revolver in its holster on his hip and he took his Winchester with him and leaned it against the fence. <SEP> He stopped every few minutes and leaned on his shovel as he studied the horizon but nothing happened each day dragging out with monotonous calm. When in late afternoon on the last day in June he saw two people top the ridge to the south and walk toward the house he quit work immediately and strode to his rifle. <SEP> It could be some kind of trick Budd had thought up. No one walked in this country least of all Ed Dow or Dutch Renfro or any of the rest of the Bar B crew. <SEP> Morgan watched the two figures for a time puzzled. When they were closer and he saw that one was a woman he was more puzzled than ever. <SEP> He cleaned his shovel left it against the fence picked up his Winchester and started downstream. His visitors had crawled through the south fence and were crossing the meadow angling toward the house. <SEP> Now he saw that both the man and woman were moving slowly and irregularly staggering as if they found it a struggle to remain on their feet. Reaching the house ahead of them he waited with his Winchester in his hands. <SEP> They crawled through the north fence and came on toward him and now he saw that both were young not more than nineteen or twenty. They were dirty their clothes were torn and the girl was so exhausted that she fell when she was still twenty feet from the front door. <SEP> She lay there making no effort to get back on her feet. The boy came on to the porch and sat down his gaze on Morgan as if half expecting him to shoot and not really caring. <SEP> Morgan hesitated thinking that if this was a trick it was a good one. He didnt think it was possible for this couple to be pretending. <SEP> The boy licked his dry lips. He asked Could we have a drink <SEP> Morgan jerked his head toward the front door. In the kitchen he said. <SEP> Leaning his Winchester against the front of the house he walked to the girl. Get up. <SEP> Theres water in the house. She didnt move or say anything. <SEP> Her eyes were glazed as if she didnt hear or even see him. She had reached a point at which she didnt even care how she looked. <SEP> Her face was very thin and burned by the sun until much of the skin was dead and peeling the new skin under it red and angry. Her blond hair was frowzy her dress torn in several places and her shoes were so completely worn out that they were practically no protection. <SEP> It must have hurt her even to walk for the sole was completely off her left foot and Morgan saw that it was bruised and bleeding. He picked her up sliding one hand under her shoulders the other under her knees and carried her into the house. <SEP> She was amazingly light and so relaxed in his arms that he wasnt even sure she was conscious. Any lingering suspicion that this was a trick Al Budd had thought up was dispelled. <SEP> No girl would go this far to fool a man so she could kill him. Besides she had a sweet face that attracted him. <SEP> He put her down on the couch and going into the kitchen saw that the boy had dropped into a chair beside the table. They looked a good deal alike Morgan thought. <SEP> Both had blonde hair and blue eyes and there was even a faint similarity of features. Morgan filled the dipper from the water bucket on the shelf went back into the front room lifted the girls head and held the edge of the dipper to her mouth. <SEP> She drank greedily and murmured Thank you as he lowered her head. He stood looking down at her for a moment wondering what could have reduced her to this condition. <SEP> He had seen a few nester wagons go through the country the families almost starving to death but he had never seen any of them on foot and as bad off as these two. The girl dropped off to sleep. <SEP> Morgan returned to the kitchen built a fire and carried in several buckets of water from the spring which he poured into the copper boiler that he had placed on the stove. He brought his Winchester in from the front of the house then faced the boy. <SEP> Who are you and what happened to you He asked. Im Billy Jones the boy answered. <SEP> Thats my wife Sharon. We ran out of money and we havent eaten for two days. <SEP> What are you doing here we in Wyoming <SEP> Morgan nodded. About five miles north of the line. Jones sighed as if relieved. <SEP> Weve been looking for work but all the ranchers have turned us down. You mean you dragged your wife all over hells half-acre looking for work Morgan demanded. <SEP> The town of Buckhorns only about six miles from here. Why didnt you go there <SEP> We didnt want town work Jones said. This is a mighty empty country Morgan said. <SEP> Theres only one more ranch three miles north of here. Youd have starved to death if youd missed both places. <SEP> Then were lucky we got here. You give us a job Mr. Morgan. Dan Morgan. <SEP> He was silent a moment thinking he could use a man this time of year and if the girl could cook it would give him more time in the meadows but he knew nothing about the couple. They might kill him in his sleep thinking there was money in the house. <SEP> He dismissed the possibility at once. The girls thin face haunted him. <SEP> It wasnt the face of a killer. He wasnt so sure about the boy. <SEP> He hadnt shaved for several weeks his sparse beard giving his face a pathetic woebegone expression. There was more to this than Jones had told him. <SEP> They were running from something. Hed be an idiot to let them stay he thought but he couldnt send them on either. <SEP> I could use some help Morgan said finally but I cannt afford to pay you anything. I guess youd better go on in the morning. <SEP> Well work for our keep the boy said eagerly. Ive been mucking in a mine in the San Juan but I used to work on a ranch. <SEP> Sharon shes cooked in a restaurant. Well work hard Mr. Morgan. <SEP> Ill see Morgan said. Right now you need a meal and a bath. <SEP> Your wifes in terrible shape. I know Jones said dejectedly. <SEP> Morgan filled the fire box with wood again then started supper and set the table. When the meal was ready he told Jones to wash up and going into the front room woke the girl. <SEP> He said Ive got some supper ready. She rubbed her eyes and stretched then sat up her hands going to her hair. <SEP> Im a mess she said and suddenly she was alarmed. Who are you <SEP> How did we get here Im Dan Morgan. <SEP> This is the Rafter Afj. You fell down in front of the house and I carried you in. <SEP> I gave you a drink and then you went to sleep. Oh. She stared at him her eyes wide as she thought about what he had said then she murmured : Youre very kind Mr. Morgan. <SEP> You take in all the strays who come by I dont have many strays coming to my front door he said. <SEP> Think you can walk to the table Of course. She got to her feet staggered and almost fell. <SEP> He caught her by an arm and helped her into the kitchen. She sat down at the table shaking her head. <SEP> Im sorry Mr. Morgan. Im usually a very strong woman but Im awfully tired. <SEP> And hungry he said. Start in. <SEP> Its not much of a meal but its what I eat. Not much of a meal The girl cried. <SEP> Mr. Morgan its the best-looking food I ever saw. He told himself he had never seen two people eat so much. <SEP> When they were finally satisfied Jones said I think hes going to give us work. The grateful way she looked at Morgan made him ashamed of himself. <SEP> When he saw the expression in her eyes he knew he couldnt send them on. She said I guess the Lord looks out for fools drunkards and innocents. <SEP> Morgan laughed. Which are you <SEP> Were not drunkards she said. Thats all Im sure of. <SEP> She helped him with the dishes then he brought more water in from the spring before it got dark. He carried the tub from the back of the house where it hung from a nail in the wall. <SEP> He said : Youll feel a lot better after you have a bath. Your feet are in bad shape Mrs. Jones. <SEP> Youll have to go to town to see the doc. No shell be all right Jones said quickly. <SEP> I mean we dont have any way to get there and we cannt expect you to quit work just to take us to town. Well see Morgan said. <SEP> Could you find me a needle and thread The girl asked. My dress needs some work on it. <SEP> He nodded and going into the bedroom brought a needle thread and scissors. He said : Im going to bed. <SEP> He nodded at the door in front of him. Thats my spare bedroom. <SEP> The bed isnt made but youll find plenty of blankets there. Youre awfully kind the girl said. <SEP> Well pay you back if youll let us. Some way. Its all right he said. <SEP> I get up early. Youd better sleep. <SEP> Jones followed him into the front room closing the door behind him. He said : If its all right with you Mr. Morgan Ill sleep out here on the couch. <SEP> We havent slept together since we started. I just cannt take any chances on getting her pregnant and if we were sleeping together <SEP> He stopped embarrassed and Morgan said I understand that but I dont savvy why youd go off and leave your jobs in the first place. We got fired Jones said. <SEP> We had to do something. They were a pair of lost whipped kids Morgan thought as he went to bed.
cp23.txt:Normal circumstances he had a certain bright-eyed all-American-boy charm with great appeal for young ladies old ladies and dogs. Today he looked like an Astronaut who had left his vitamin pills on the bureau and spent six months in space : hollow eyes hollow cheeks hollow stomach. <SEP> Breakfast he thought. A shot of orange juice would make everything seem better. He looked around his little Eden : bureau bed table chair two-burner stove. <SEP> Then he remembered. You share a refrigerator Mrs. Kirby had said and somehow at midnight after the long drive from New York in pelting rain that had sounded reasonable. <SEP> In the cold light of day it seemed a lunatic arrangement. Share bath maybe -- but share refrigerator She had explained it -- something about summer peoples eating out and not enough space in the units. <SEP> Where was the thing He remembered seeing it last night when he put away his small store of bachelor-type eatables. <SEP> Ah yes -- his half of a refrigerator stood outside on the curving veranda between Unit Number Three and Unit Number Four. It was still raining and Mrs. Kirbys cottages bloomed through the gray haze like the names they bore vivid blue and green and magenta. <SEP> Charlie downed his orange juice and one of the long skinny green pills his spirits as damp as the day. This vacation had seemed like a good idea last week when his doctor had prescribed it. <SEP> Take a full month the doctor had said. Lots of sun lots of rest. The red pills are a vitamin-and-iron compound. <SEP> This is a sleeping capsule. The others will make you a little more comfortable until you get it licked. <SEP> You young men get to be my age you wont take flu so lightly. Charlie had accepted the diagnosis without comment. <SEP> The doctor could call it anything from flu to beriberi but Charlie knew what was wrong with him and knew too that there was no pill to cure it. He had loved and lost Vivian Wayne to somebody else had watched her marry the somebody else and had caught a bear of a cold by kissing the bride good-by forever which was really piling it on. <SEP> He had caught too like an ailment a confirmed distrust of women. Once burned -- scalded really because Vivian had given him every encouragement -- forever shy. From now on his was going to be a mans world : the North Woods duck blinds at dawning beer and poker and male secretaries. <SEP> Meanwhile he had this miserable cold and as he leaned against the refrigerator watching the rain make sandy puddles at his feet the doctors prescription for lots of sun seemed like a hollow mockery. In these damp circumstances he was an odds-on bet to develop pneumonia. <SEP> He looked up to see Mrs. Kirby awesome in a black-and-yellow polka-dotted slicker bearing down on him. Three-day blow She bellowed triumphantly. <SEP> He had noticed before that the natives seemed to regard really filthy weather as a kind of Pyhrric victory over the tourists. Fine day after tomorrow she added. <SEP> I hope so he said. Ive got this cold. <SEP> Thought Id bake it out in the sun. Ah. She studied him briefly. <SEP> Youve got a peaked look. Better get in out of the wet. Charlie forbore to mention that the wet was somewhat universal Peony being less than weatherproof. <SEP> As for its being fine day after tomorrow he had the unhappy conviction that it would never be fine again with Vivian lost to him forever. He could imagine her at this minute honeymooning in Nassau with whats-his-name lounging on golden sands looking forward to a life of unalloyed bliss. <SEP> All Charlie could look forward to was a yellow pill at noon a salami sandwich for lunch and a lonely old age -- if he lived that long. He leafed through the light reading provided by Mrs. Kirby for her guests : four separate adventures of the Bobbsey Twins -LRB- At the Seashore At the Mountains On the Farm and In Danger -RRB- and several agricultural bulletins on the treatment of hoof-and-mouth disease in cattle hideously illustrated. <SEP> He dozed only to dream of Vivian and woke only to crash into the night table bruising his other shin. He took a yellow pill only to choke on it and went for the salami only to find something alive in the refrigerator -- something pink and fuzzy. <SEP> His first thought was that Mrs. Kirby in her mania for color had dyed a cat and that cat had somehow managed to open the refrigerator door and climb in but on further investigation the thing proved to be a sweater of the long-hair variety that sheds onto mens jackets -- pale pale pink and according to the label size thirty-four. He thought about it for a minute could find no reasonable explanation for the presence of a sweater in the refrigerator got the salami bread and a Bermuda onion and put the whole thing out of his mind. <SEP> Next morning he found a note in the refrigerator. Would you mind wrapping your onion Said this note. <SEP> The smell permeates everything Everything being the sweater a lipstick case and a squirt bottle of Kissin Kare pink hand lotion. <SEP> The note paper was pink too and the handwriting small and dainty and utterly feminine. Not that he had supposed considering the evidence that he was sharing this refrigerator with a member of the Beach Patrol. He scrawled Sorry across the bottom of the note and then against his better judgment added : Dont you eat <SEP> He didnt want to encourage anything here but on the other hand he didnt want her swiping his salami. Not onions came the answer the following day. Ugh. <SEP> Must have really smelled up her sweater he thought and wondered idly just why she kept the sweater fast-frozen. But then as he well knew women are not guided by logic or common sense. <SEP> Take Vivian. Yes take Vivian. <SEP> Somebody had. Now if this were Vivian next door to him and if for some obscure female reason she kept her clothes in the refrigerator they would not be pink. <SEP> They would be black or white or horse-blanket plaid chic and splashy like Vivian herself. Pink Vivian once had told him was for baby girls and grown-up girls who wore pink were subconsciously clinging to their infancy. <SEP> Why does this girl keep a sweater in the refrigerator He mused aloud. Eh It was Mrs. Kirby making her toilsome way along the veranda laden with a clattery collection of mops brushes and pails. Whats that you say Oh nothing. Just glad the rains stopped. Oh yes. <SEP> Just look at that sky. Be a scorcher by afternoon. I hope so. <SEP> Ive got this cold. So you said. <SEP> She scrutinized him. My youre peaked. <SEP> You want to watch out that you dont get burned to an ash first sunny day. I must remember to warn the girl next to you in Larkspur. <SEP> That pale kinds the worst. That pale kind Charlie thought. Hardly an inviting description. <SEP> But then neither was peaked. He could hear Mrs. Kirby now warning her pale guest against sunburn. <SEP> I spoke to the fellow next door too she might say. Hes that peaked kind. <SEP> Surely there was a better word. Charlie looked in the mirror. Run-down iron-poor. <SEP> He looked more closely. Frail feeble -- peaked. Clearly two damp days with the Bobbsey Twins had done him no good. <SEP> The sun blazing hot as prophesied was far from kind to Mrs. Kirbys varicolored properties. When Charlie came up from the beach for his four-oclock pill the whole establishment -LRB- gaudy enough when seen through mist and fog -RRB- looked like a floodlit modern painting -- great blocks of dizzy color punctuated at regular intervals by the glaring white of five community refrigerators. <SEP> This weekend he thought he would look around for some more subdued retreat with Cape roses maybe at the door. He could not imagine a flowers being brave enough to grow beside Peony Larkspur and the rest. <SEP> The sweater was gone from the refrigerator and in its place was a large plastic bag full of wet pink clothes. No wonder she was so pale wearing all those cold clothes. He got a red pill and a beer and then on impulse transferred the rest of his salami to her side of the refrigerator and scrawled Be my guest on the wrapping. <SEP> It gave him a good feeling. M-m-m. Thanks was her answer the next day. <SEP> The note was propped against his pill bottles and bore a postscript : Youre not at all well are you Ive got this cold he wrote. Not that it was any of her business. <SEP> Its none of my business said the next note but my Aunt Elsie used to take lemon juice and honey in hot water for a cold and she lived to be ninety-six. I mean shes still living and shes ninety-six. <SEP> Why dont you try that I dont have a lemon. <SEP> He had to write very small to get it on the bottom of the scrap of paper. By the next morning she had turned the paper over. <SEP> Gee neither do I. Charlie grinned. She didnt sound like a pale girl. <SEP> She sounded a little like a redhead. But then redheads are often pale. <SEP> He stuck his head in Mrs. Kirbys little rental office. I guess that redhead next to me took your advice. <SEP> I havent seen her on the beach. You wont if youre looking for a redhead. <SEP> Shes got browny hair. He spent that afternoon on the beach looking for a pale browny-haired girl in a pink bathing suit. <SEP> There were pink bathing suits on blondes and browny-haired girls in red or black or green bathing suits. There were a sprinkling of daring bikinis and a preponderance of glorified tank suits. <SEP> Up on a dune he saw a girl all by herself sitting on a camp stool before an easel and absorbed in her painting. He paid little attention to her because she was a redhead and because she was wearing white -- one of those bulky turtle-neck sweaters. <SEP> On the beach there were pale girls and not-so-pale girls. He saw them all as he walked up and down. <SEP> At two that morning he was still walking -- up and down Peony up and down the veranda up and down the silent moonlit beach. Finally in desperation he opened the refrigerator filched her hand lotion and left a note. <SEP> Ive got this sunburn said the note and I used some of your hand lotion. Hope you dont mind. <SEP> Of course I dont mind she answered. Youre having a miserable time arent you <SEP> Use all the lotion you want and for goodness sake stay in out of the sun for a couple of days. This was a very warm sympathetic girl he decided. <SEP> Sympathy is a fine quality in a woman. Now Vivian for instance was not too long on sympathy. <SEP> She felt and said that sympathy only made people feel sorry for themselves it was a tough world and you had to be tough to hold your own. He didnt know what was so tough about Vivians world slopping around Nassau with whats-his-name. Suppose whats-his-name got a sunburn <SEP> Charlie couldnt see Vivian offering any hand lotion. She might peel him once the worst of the agony was over. <SEP> Charlie spent the next two days in his pajama bottoms waiting for the fire in his back to subside and used generous quantities of the hand lotion. Correspondence passed back and forth. <SEP> Hows your sunburn now The only thing this lotion has glycerin in it and that whitens the skin so if youre so anxious to get a tan you may not want to use it. <SEP> Im not that anxious but maybe thats why youre so fair. That Mrs. Kirby Ill bet she told you I was puny too. <SEP> Hows your cold Broiled out. She didnt say you were puny. <SEP> You Whats puny <SEP> Puny goes with pale and peaked. You have anything to read while youre shut up <SEP> There are two things here about Surviving in the Wilderness and a book called Tom Swift and His Speedy Canoe but the picture of Tom Swift is pretty sinister. Also the canoe.
cf15.txt:Poughkeepsie N.Y. In a Roman Catholic hospital presented seven Protestant physicians with an ultimatum to quit the Planned Parenthood Federation or to resign from the hospital staff. <SEP> Three agreed but four declined and were suspended. After a flood of protests they were reinstated at the beginning of. <SEP> The peace of the community was badly disturbed and people across the nation reading of the incident felt uneasy. In New York City in the citys Commissioner of Hospitals refused to permit a physician to provide a Protestant mother with a contraceptive device. <SEP> He thereby precipitated a bitter controversy involving Protestants Jews and Roman Catholics that continued for two months until the citys Board of Hospitals lifted the ban on birth-control therapy. A year later in Albany N.Y. A Roman Catholic hospital barred an orthopedic surgeon because of his connection with the Planned Parenthood Association. <SEP> Immediately the religious groups of the city were embroiled in an angry dispute over the alleged invasion of a mans right to freedom of religious belief and conscience. These incidents typical of many others dramatize the distressing fact that no controversy during the last several decades has caused more tension rancor and strife among religious groups in this country than the birth-control issue. <SEP> It has flared up periodically on the front pages of newspapers in communities divided over birth-prevention regulations in municipal hospitals and health and family-welfare agencies. It has erupted on the national level in the matter of including birth-control information and material in foreign aid to underdeveloped countries. <SEP> Where it is not actually erupting it rumbles and smolders in sullen resentment like a volcano ready to explode at any moment. The time has come for citizens of all faiths to unite in an effort to remove this divisive and nettlesome issue from the political and social life of our nation. <SEP> The first step toward the goal is the establishment of a new atmosphere of mutual good will and friendly communication on other than the polemical level. Instead of emotional recrimination loaded phrases and sloganeering we need a dispassionate study of the facts a better understanding of the opposite viewpoint and a more serious effort to extend the areas of agreement until a solution is reached. <SEP> All too frequently points out James OGara managing editor of Commonweal Catholics run roughshod over Protestant sensibilities in this matter by failure to consider the reasoning behind the Protestant position and particularly by their jibes at the fact that Protestant opinion on birth control has changed in recent decades. All too often our language is unduly harsh. <SEP> The second step is to recognize the substantial agreement -- frequently blurred by emotionalism and inaccurate newspaper reporting -- already existing between Catholics and Non-Catholics concerning the over-all objectives of family planning. Instead of Catholics being obliged or even encouraged to beget the greatest possible number of offspring as many Non-Catholics imagine the ideal of responsible parenthood is stressed. <SEP> Family planning is encouraged so that parents will be able to provide properly for their offspring. Pope Pius declared in that it is possible to be exempt from the normal obligation of parenthood for a long time and even for the whole duration of married life if there are serious reasons such as those often mentioned in the so-called medical eugenic economic and social indications. <SEP> This means that such factors as the health of the parents particularly the mother their ability to provide their children with the necessities of life the degree of population density of a country and the shortage of housing facilities may legitimately be taken into consideration in determining the number of offspring. These are substantially the same factors considered by Non-Catholics in family planning. <SEP> The laws of many states permit birth control only for medical reasons. The Roman Catholic Church however sanctions a much more liberal policy on family planning. <SEP> Catholics Protestants and Jews are in agreement over the objectives of family planning but disagree over the methods to be used. The Roman Catholic Church sanctions only abstention or the rhythm method also known as the use of the infertile or safe period. <SEP> The Church considers this to be the method provided by nature and its divine Author : It involves no frustration of natures laws but simply an intelligent and disciplined use of them. With the exception of the Roman Catholic and the Orthodox Catholic Churches most churches make no moral distinction between rhythm and mechanical or chemical contraceptives allowing the couple free choice. <SEP> There is a difference in theological belief where there seems little chance of agreement. The grounds for the Churchs position are Scriptural -LRB- Old Testament -RRB- the teachings of the fathers and doctors of the early Church the unbroken tradition of nineteen centuries the decisions of the highest ecclesiastical authority and the natural law. <SEP> The latter plays a prominent role in Roman Catholic theology and is considered decisive entirely apart from Scripture in determining the ethical character of birth-prevention methods. The Roman Catholic natural-law tradition regards as self-evident that the primary objective purpose of the conjugal act is procreation and that the fostering of the mutual love of the spouses is the secondary and subjective end. <SEP> This conclusion is based on two propositions : that man by the use of his reason can ascertain Gods purpose in the universe and that God makes known His purpose by certain given physical arrangements. Thus man can readily deduce that the primary objective end of the conjugal act is procreation the propagation of the race. <SEP> Moreover man may not supplant or frustrate the physical arrangements established by God who through the law of rhythm has provided a natural method for the control of conception. Believing that God is the Author of this law and of all laws of nature Roman Catholics believe that they are obliged to obey those laws not frustrate or mock them. <SEP> Let it be granted then that the theological differences in this area between Protestants and Roman Catholics appear to be irreconcilable. People differ in their religious beliefs on scores of doctrines without taking up arms against those who disagree with them. <SEP> Why is it so different in regard to birth control It is because each side has sought to implement its distinctive theological belief through legislation and thus indirectly force its belief or at least the practical consequences thereof upon others. <SEP> It is always a temptation for a religious organization especially a powerful or dominant one to impose through the clenched fist of the law its creedal viewpoint upon others. Both Roman Catholics and Protestants have succumbed to this temptation in the past. <SEP> Consider what happened during World War when the Protestant churches united to push the Prohibition law through Congress. Many of them sincerely believe that the use of liquor in any form or in any degree is intrinsically evil and sinful. <SEP> With over four million American men away at war Protestants forced their distinctive theological belief upon the general public. With the return of our soldiers it soon became apparent that the belief was not shared by the great majority of citizens. <SEP> The attempt to enforce that belief ushered in a reign of bootleggers racketeers hijackers and gangsters that led to a breakdown of law unparalleled in our history. The so-called noble experiment came to an inglorious end. <SEP> That tumultuous painful and costly experience shows clearly that a law expressing a moral judgment can not be enforced when it has little correspondence with the general view of society. That experience holds a lesson for us all in regard to birth control today. <SEP> Up to the turn of the century contraception was condemned by all Christian churches as immoral unnatural and contrary to divine law. This was generally reflected in the civil laws of Christian countries. <SEP> Today the Roman Catholic and Orthodox Churches stand virtually alone in holding that conviction. The various Lambeth Conferences expressing the Anglican viewpoint mirror the gradual change that has taken place among Protestants generally. <SEP> In the Lambeth Conference repeated its condemnation of contraception and issued an emphatic warning against the use of unnatural means for the avoidance of conception together with the grave dangers -- physical moral and religious -- thereby incurred and against the evils which the extension of such use threaten the race. Denouncing the view that the sexual union is an end in itself the Conference declared : We steadfastly uphold what must always be regarded as the governing considerations of Christian marriage. <SEP> One is the primary purpose for which marriage exists namely the continuance of the race through the gift and heritage of children the other is the paramount importance in married life of deliberate and thoughtful self-control. The Conference called for a vigorous campaign against the open or secret sale of contraceptives. <SEP> In the Lambeth Conference again affirmed the primary purpose of marriage to be the procreation of children but conceded that in certain limited circumstances contraception might be morally legitimate. In the Conference endorsed birth control as the responsibility laid by God on parents everywhere. <SEP> Many other Protestant denominations preceded the Anglicans in such action. In March out of members of a committee of the Federal Council of Churches ratified artificial methods of birth control. <SEP> As to the necessity the committee declared for some form of effective control of the size of the family and the spacing of children and consequently of control of conception there can be no question. There is general agreement also that sex union between husbands and wives as an expression of mutual affection without relation to procreation is right. <SEP> Since then many Protestant denominations have made separate pronouncements in which they not only approved birth control but declared it at times to be a religious duty. What determines the morality they state is not the means used but the motive <SEP> In general the means -LRB- excluding abortion -RRB- that prove most effective are considered the most ethical. This development is reflected in the action taken in February by the general board of the National Council of Churches the largest Protestant organization in the Afj. <SEP> The board approved and commended the use of birth-control devices as a part of Christian responsibility in family planning. It called for opposition to laws and institutional practices restricting the information or availability of contraceptives. <SEP> The general board declared : Most of the Protestant churches hold contraception and periodic continence to be morally right when the motives are right. The general Protestant conviction is that motives rather than methods form the primary moral issue provided the methods are limited to the prevention of conception. <SEP> An action once universally condemned by all Christian churches and forbidden by the civil law is now not only approved by the overwhelming majority of Protestant denominations but also deemed at certain times to be a positive religious duty. This viewpoint has now been translated into action by the majority of people in this country. <SEP> Repeated polls have disclosed that most married couples are now using contraceptives in the practice of birth control. For all concerned with social-welfare legislation the significance of this radical and revolutionary change in the thought and habits of the vast majority of the American people is clear profound and far-reaching. <SEP> To try to oppose the general religious and moral conviction of such a majority by a legislative fiat would be to invite the same breakdown of law and order that was occasioned by the ill-starred Prohibition experiment. This brings us to the fact that the realities we are dealing with lie not in the field of civil legislation but in the realm of conscience and religion : They are moral judgments and matters of theological belief. <SEP> Conscience and religion are concerned with private sin : The civil law is concerned with public crimes. Only confusion failure and anarchy result when the effort is made to impose upon the civil authority the impossible task of policing private homes to preclude the possibility of sin. <SEP> Among the chief victims of such an ill-conceived imposition would be religion itself.
cl16.txt:Phil are you trying to wreck my career <SEP> thats what youre doing -- wrecking it wrecking it wrecking it Griffith had confronted Hoag on the buildings front steps -- Hoag had been permitted no further -- and backed him against a wrought-iron railing. <SEP> His rage had built up as he made his way here from the second floor helped by the quantity of champagne he had consumed. Hoag said I didnt send for you Leigh. <SEP> I want the captain in charge. Where is he <SEP> Phil for Gods sake go away. The undersecretarys in there. <SEP> I told you theres nothing between Midge and me nothing. Its all in your mind. <SEP> A couple of sobs escaped him followed by a sentiment that revealed his emotional state. Why Im not fit to touch the hem of her garment. <SEP> Leigh get a grip on yourself. Its not about you or Midge. <SEP> I have some security information about the prime minister. Griffith looked at him suspiciously through red-rimmed eyes. Not about me <SEP> You mean it Phil You wouldnt pull my leg old man <SEP> I did get you on the platform this morning. Im not pulling your leg. <SEP> You call that captain No use he wont come. He peered closely at Hoag in the gathering darkness. <SEP> What happened to your head I was hit -- knocked out. <SEP> Now will you get him He says Im to take the message. <SEP> He stared at Hoag drunkenly. Whod hit you in the head <SEP> It doesnt matter. You get back to the captain and tell him this : Somebodys going to take a shot at the prime minister and Mahzeer is in on the plot. <SEP> Tell him under no circumstances to trust the prime minister with Mahzeer. Griffith said Thats impossible. <SEP> Mahzeers the ambassador. Nevertheless its true. Impossible. <SEP> Griffith was trying to clear his head of the champagne fuzz that encased it. Ill show you how wrong you are. <SEP> Mahzeer and the prime minister are alone right now. He nodded triumphantly. <SEP> That proves it Hoag looked terrified. <SEP> Where are they Whered you expect the john Mahzeers office. <SEP> Where is that Facing us two flights up. Look old man you cant go up. <SEP> They wont even let you in the front door. Why dont you be a good boy and -- <SEP> Hoag grabbed him by the shoulders. Listen to me Leigh. <SEP> If you want to spend another day in the State Department -- another day -- you get in there and tell that captain what I told you. He bit out the words. <SEP> You know I can do it. Griffith raised placating hands. Easy does it Phil. <SEP> I was just going. Im on my way. <SEP> He turned and fled into the house and made his way up the marble stairs without once looking back. On the second landing he paused to look for Docherty didnt see him and accepted a glass of champagne. <SEP> He took several large swallows recollected that Docherty had gone up another flight and decided he would be wise to cover himself by finding him. The way Hoag was no telling what he might say or do. He finished his champagne and climbed uncertainly to the next landing. <SEP> At the top a uniformed officer blocked further progress. Yes what is it He asked. <SEP> I want Captain Docherty. He spotted Docherty coming out of a room at the far end of the corridor and called to him. <SEP> Docherty said Its okay Bonfiglio let him by. They walked toward each other. Well <SEP> Griffith said Hoag told me to tell you -- he waited until they were close it was hideously embarrassing -- not to let the prime minister be alone with Mahzeer. Griffith looked half-crocked to the captain it would be just like him. Why not <SEP> He claims Mahzeers in a plot to kill the P.M. Docherty went taut : was it possible <SEP> the ambassador himself be the man on this side the prime minister feared Not possible he thought the prime minister knew who his enemy was here he wasnt going to allow himself to be led meekly to the slaughter. <SEP> If by some wild chance Mahzeer was the man he wouldnt dare try anything now -- not after Docherty had looked in on the two of them to see that all was well. Docherty was damned if he would make a fool of himself again the way he had earlier over the laundry truck. One more muddleheaded play like that one and theyd be leading him away. <SEP> Still this had to be checked out. Whered your friend Hoag get his information He asked. <SEP> Havent the faintest Captain. You mind sending him up here <SEP> Id like to talk to him. Troubled he continued along the corridor poking his head into the next office for a careful look around. <SEP> Hoag had not stayed on the front steps when Griffith disappeared into the building. He was unwilling to rely on Griffiths carrying his message and he had no confidence the police would act on it. <SEP> If Mahzeer was alone with the prime minister he could be arranging his execution while Hoag stood out here shivering in the darkening street. He would have to do something on his own. But what <SEP> The door opened and three men and a woman in a sari swept past him and down the stairs. In the lighted interior he saw other men and women struggling into their wraps. <SEP> These were the early departures in half an hour the reception would be over. If Mahzeer was planning to set up the prime minister for Muller he would have to do it in the next few minutes. <SEP> Hoag descended the stone steps to the street and looked up at the building. Wide windows with many small leaded panes swept across the upper stories. <SEP> On the second floor he saw the animated faces of the party guests the scene looked like a Christmas card. On the third floor one of the two windows was lighted it was framed in maroon drapes and no faces were visible. <SEP> This would be Mahzeers office. He and the prime minister would be back from the window seated at Mahzeers desk they would be going over papers Mahzeer had saved as excuse for just such a meeting. <SEP> In a minute or five minutes the business would be done Mahzeer would stand up the prime minister would follow. Mahzeer would direct the prime ministers attention to something out the window and would guide him forward and then step to one side. <SEP> The single shot would come Hoag would carry its sound to his grave. Mahzeer of course would be desolate. <SEP> How was he to suspect that an assassin had been lurking somewhere across the street waiting for just such a chance Hoag turned. Where across the street <SEP> Where was Muller waiting with the rifle Narrow four-story buildings ran the length of the block like books tightly packed on a shelf. <SEP> Most of them could be eliminated Mullers would have to be one of the half dozen almost directly opposite. The legation was generously set back from the building line if the angle of fire were too great the jutting buildings on either side would interfere. <SEP> The shot come from a roof He ran his eye along the roof copings almost at once a figure bulked up. <SEP> Dully glinting on the dark form were the buttons and badge of a policeman. With a cop patrolling the road Muller would have to be inside a building -- if he was here at all and not waiting for the prime minister somewhere between this street and the terminal building at La Guardia Airport. <SEP> Hoag crossed the narrow street squeezing between parked cars to reach the sidewalk. From this side he could see farther into the legations third-story window but he saw no faces the rooms occupants were still seated or they had been called into the hallway by an alarmed police captain. <SEP> Only the latter were true. He walked rapidly along the buildings scanning their facades : one was a club -- that was out two others he ruled out because all their windows were lighted. <SEP> That left three possibly four one looking much like the next. He climbed the steps of the first and opened the door to the vestibule. <SEP> He quickly closed it again. He had assumed that all these buildings had been divided into apartments but this one from a glance at the hall furnishings was obviously still a functioning town house and its owners were in residence that made it doubtful as the hiding place of a man whose plans had to be made in advance. <SEP> He went on to the next building and found what he expected -- the mingled cooking aromas of a public vestibule. On one wall was the brass front of a row of mailboxes there were six apartments. Now what <SEP> The names on the mailboxes meant nothing to him. This was senseless -- he had no idea what to look for. <SEP> He peered in the boxes themselves all were empty except one and that one was jammed with letters and magazines. The occupants of Apartment Number were probably away for a few days and not likely to return on a Friday. <SEP> Muller made the same deduction Muller was attracted to the lore of mailboxes. <SEP> He opened the inner door the cooking odors were stronger -- all over the city at this hour housewives would be fussing over stoves. He climbed as quickly as he could urge his body up the two unbroken flights to the third floor pulling himself along on a delicate balustrade all that remained of the buildings beauty. <SEP> He paused on the landing to steady his breathing and then bent to examine the single door by the light of the weak bulb overhead. Now he was certain : the lock had not yielded to Mullers collection of keys fresh scars showed that the door had been prized open. <SEP> It had been shut again but the lock was broken he noted with a thrill of fear that the door moved under his touch. What was he to do now <SEP> He had thought no further than finding Muller. He realized now he had more than half hoped he wouldnt find him -- that Muller would not be here that the attempt would be scheduled for somewhere beyond Hoags control. <SEP> He could not break in on an armed man. He would have to climb back down to the street and signal a cop. <SEP> There time His thoughts were scattered by the sharp report of a rifle from the other side of the door. <SEP> Hoag pushed open the door : at the far end of the long dark room Muller was faintly silhouetted against the window the rifle still raised he stood with his feet apart on a kitchen table he had dragged to the sill. He turned his head to the source of the disturbance and instantly back to the window and his rifle sight dismissing Hoag for the moment with the same contempt he had shown in their encounter at Hoags apartment. <SEP> Hoag stretched his left hand to the wall and fumbled for the switch : evil flourishes in the dark. The room was bathed in light at the instant Mullers second shot came. <SEP> Muller nakedly exposed at the bright window like a deer pinned in a cars headlights threw down the rifle and turned to jump from the table his face wore a look of outrage. A shot caught him and straightened him up in screaming pain a following volley of shots shattered glass ripped the ceiling and sent him lurching heavily from the table. <SEP> He was dead before his body made contact with the floor. Hoag stumbled back into the hall leaned against the wall and started to retch. <SEP> After Captain Docherty sent Arleigh Griffith for Hoag he was able to complete his detailed inspection of the third floor and to receive a report from his man covering the floors above before Griffith returned buoyed up by a brief stop for another glass of champagne.
ck21.txt:Handed the pass to the colonel. <SEP> He had thought that the suggestion of taking it himself would tip the colonel in the direction of serving his own order but the slip of paper was folded and absently thrust into the colonels belt. Despite his yearning the colonel would not go down to see the men come through the lines. <SEP> He would remain in the tent waiting impatiently occupied by some trivial task. -- Beckworth. -- Sir Fetch me the copies of everything B and C companies have requisitioned in the last six months. -- The last six months sir <SEP> You heard me. Theres a lot of waste going on here. <SEP> Its got to stop. I want to take a look. <SEP> This is no damned holiday Beckworth. Get busy. -- Yes sir. <SEP> Beckworth left the tent. Below he could see the bright torches lighting the riverbank. <SEP> He glanced back. The colonel crouched tensely on one of the folding chairs methodically tearing at his thumbnail. <SEP> The bombproof was a low-ceilinged structure of heavy timbers covered with earth. It stood some fifty paces from the edge of the bank. <SEP> From the outside it seemed no more than a low drumlin a lump on the dark earth. A crude ladder ran down to a wooden floor. <SEP> Two slits enabled observers to watch across the river. The place smelled strongly of rank fertile earth rotting wood and urine. <SEP> The plank floor was slimed beneath Watsons boots. At least the Union officer had been decent enough to provide a candle. <SEP> There was no place to sit but Watson walked slowly from the ladder to the window slits and back stooping slightly to avoid striking his head on the heavy beams. In the corner was the soldier with the white flag. <SEP> He stood stiffly erect clutching the staff his body half hidden by the limp cloth. Watson hardly looked at him. <SEP> The man had come floundering aboard the flat-bottomed barge at the last instant brandishing the flag of truce. Someone had hauled him over the side and he had remained silent while they crossed. <SEP> An officer with a squad of men had been waiting on the bank. The men in the boats had started yelling happily at first sight of the officer two of them calling him Billy. <SEP> When the boat had touched the weaker ones and the two wounded men had been lifted out and carried away by the soldiers. Watson had presented his pouch and been led to the bombproof. <SEP> The officer had told him that both lists must be checked. Watson had given his name and asked for a safe-conduct pass. <SEP> The officer surprised said he would have to see. Watson had nodded absently and muttered that he would check the lists himself later. <SEP> He had peered through the darkness at the rampart. The men he would take back across the river stood there but he turned away from them. <SEP> He wanted no part of the emotions of the exchange no memory of the joy and gratitude that other men felt. He had hoped to be alone in the bombproof but the soldier had followed him. <SEP> Though Watson carefully ignored the man he could not deny his presence. Perhaps it would be better to speak to him since silence could not exorcise his form. <SEP> Watson glanced briefly at him seeing only a body rigidly erect behind the languid banner. We wont be too long. <SEP> If my pass is approved I may be a half hour. The soldier answered in a curious muffled voice his lips barely moving. <SEP> Watson turned away and did not see the mans knees buckle and his body sag. -- Yes sir. He had acknowledged the man. <SEP> It was easier to think now Watson decided. The stiff figure in the corner no longer blocked his thoughts. <SEP> He paced slowly stooping staring at the damp slippery floor. He tried to order the words of the three Union officers seeking to create some coherent portrait of the dead boy. <SEP> He groped blindly. His lack of success steadily eroded his interest. <SEP> He stopped pacing leaned against the dank timbered wall and let his mind drift. A feeling of futility an enervation of mind greater than any fatigue he had ever known seeped through him. <SEP> What in the name of God was he doing crouched in a timbered pit on the wrong bank of the river Why had he crossed the dark water to bring back a group of reclaimed soldiers or to skulk in a foul-smelling hole He grew annoyed and at the same time surprised at that emotion. <SEP> He was conscious of a growing sense of absurdity. Hillman had written it all out hadnt he <SEP> the report official enough What did he hope to accomplish here <SEP> Hillman had ordered him not to leave the far bank. Prompted by a guilty urge he had disobeyed the order of a man he respected. For what <SEP> To tell John something he would find out for himself. The figure in the corner belched loudly a deep liquid eruption. <SEP> Watson snorted and then laughed aloud. Exactly The soldiers voice was muffled again stricken with chagrin. <SEP> He clutched the staff and his dark eyes blinked apologetically. -- scuse me sir. Lets get out of here. <SEP> Watson ran up the ladder and stood for a second sucking in the cool air that smelled of mud and river weeds. To his left the two skiffs dented their sharp bows into the soft bank. <SEP> The flat-bottomed boat swung slowly to the pull of the current. A soldier held the end of a frayed rope. <SEP> Three Union guards appeared carrying their rifles at ready. Watson stared at them curiously. <SEP> They were stocky men well fed and clean-shaven with neat uniforms and sturdy boots. Behind them shambled a long column of weak tattered men. <SEP> The thin gray figures raised a hoarse cawing cry like the call of a bird flock. They moved toward the skiffs with shocking eagerness elbowing and shoving. <SEP> Four men were knocked down but did not attempt to rise. They crept down the muddy slope toward the waiting boats. <SEP> The Union soldiers grounded arms and settled into healthy indifferent postures to watch the feeble boarding of the skiffs. The crawling men tried to rise and fell again. <SEP> No one moved to them. Watson watched two of them flounder into the shallow water and listened to their voices beg shrilly. <SEP> In a confused soaked and stumbling shift of bodies and lifting arms the two men were dragged into the same skiff. The third crawling man forced himself erect. <SEP> He swayed like a drunkard his arms milling in slow circles. He paced forward unsteadily leaning too far back his head tilted oddly. <SEP> His steps were short and stiff and with his head thrown back his progress was a supercilious strut. He appeared to be peering haughtily down his nose at the crowded and unclean vessel that would carry him to freedom. <SEP> He stalked into the water and fell heavily over the side of the flat-bottomed barge his weight nearly swamping the craft. Watson looked for the fourth man. <SEP> He had reached the three passive guards he crept in an incertain manner patting the ground before him. The guards did not look at him. <SEP> The figure on the earth halted seemingly bewildered. He sank back on his thin haunches like a weary hound. <SEP> Then he began to crawl again. Watson watched the creeping figure. <SEP> He felt a spectator interest. The man make it or not <SEP> there was a clock for him to crawl against. If he failed to reach the riverbank in five minutes say then the skiffs would pull away and leave him groping in the mud. <SEP> Say three minutes to make it sporting. Still the guards did not move but stood inert aloof from the slow-scrambling man. <SEP> The figure halted and Watson gasped. The man began to creep in the wrong direction deceived by a slight rise in the ground <SEP> He turned slowly and began to crawl back up the bank toward the rampart. Watson raced for him his boots slamming the soft earth. <SEP> The guards came to life with astonishing menace. They spun and flung their rifles up. <SEP> Watson gesticulated wildly. One man dropped to his knee for better aim. <SEP> Let me help him for the love of God The guards lowered their rifles and their rifles and peered at Watson with sullen puzzled faces. <SEP> Watson pounded to the crawling man and stopped panting heavily. He reached down and closed his fingers on the mans upper arm. <SEP> Beneath his clutch a flat strip of muscle surged on the bone. Watson bent awkwardly and lifted the man to his feet. <SEP> Watson stared into a cadaverous face. Two clotted balls the color of mucus rolled between fiery lids. <SEP> Light sticks of fingers the tips gummy with dark earth patted at Watsons throat. The mans voice was a sweet patient whisper. <SEP> Henry said that hed take my arm and get me right there. You aint Henry. -- no. <SEP> It dont matter. It far <SEP> How far could it be Watson thought bleakly how far can a blind man crawl Another body length or all the rest of his nighted life -- Not far. You talk deep. Not like us fellas. <SEP> It raises the voice bein in camp. You Secesh -- yes. <SEP> Come on now. You walk <SEP> Why course I can. I can walk real good. <SEP> Watson stumbled down the bank. The man leaned his frail body against Watsons shoulder. <SEP> He was no heavier than a child. Watson paused for breath. <SEP> The man wheezed weakly his fetid breath beating softly against Watsons neck. His sweet whisper came after great effort. -- Oh Christ. <SEP> I wish you was Henry. He promised to take me. -- hush. <SEP> Were almost there. Watson supported the man to the edge of the bank and passed the frail figure over the bow of the nearest skiff. <SEP> The man swayed on a thwart turning his ruined eyes from side to side. Watson turned away sickened for the first time in many months. <SEP> He heard the patient voice calling. -- Henry Where are you Henry <SEP> Make him lie down Watson snatched a deep breath. <SEP> He had not meant to shout. He stood with his back to the skiff. <SEP> The men mewed and scratched begging to be taken away. Watson spoke bewilderedly to the dark night flecked with pine-knot torches. -- Goddamn you <SEP> What do you do to them Intelligence jabbed at him accusingly. <SEP> He was angry sickened. He had not felt that during the afternoon. No nor later. <SEP> All his emotions had been inward self-conscious. In war on a night like this it was only the outward emotions that mattered what could be flung out into the darkness to damage others. Yes. <SEP> That was it. He was sure of it. <SEP> Johns type of man allowed this sort of thing to happen. What a fool he had been to think of his brother <SEP> So Charles was dead. What did it matter <SEP> His name had been crossed off a list. Already his cool body lay in the ground. <SEP> What words had any meaning What had he thought of to go to John grovel and beg understanding To confess with a canvas chair as a prie-dieu gouging at his heart until a rough and stupid hand bade him rise and go <SEP> Men were slaughtered every day tumbled into eternity like so many torn parcels flung down a portable chute. What made him think John had a right to witness his brothers humiliation <SEP> What right had John to any special consideration John better more deserving To hell with John. <SEP> Let him chafe with impatience to see Charles rip open the note with trembling hands and read the formal report in Hillmans beautiful schoolmasters hand. John would curse. <SEP> He believed that brave boys didnt cry. Watson spat on the ground. <SEP> He was grimly satisfied. He had stupidly thought himself compelled to ease his brothers pain. <SEP> Now he knew perfectly that he had but longed to increase his own suffering.
cf18.txt:Letters of the common soldiers are rich in humor. <SEP> Indeed no richer humor is to be found in the whole of American literature than in the letters of the semi-literate men who wore the blue and the gray. Some of their figures of speech were colorful and expressive. <SEP> A Confederate observed that the Yankees were : thicker than lise on a hen and a dam site ornraier. Another reported that his comrades were in fine spirits pitching around like a blind dog in a meat house. <SEP> A third wrote that it was raining like poring peas on a rawhide. Yanks were equally adept at figurative expression. <SEP> One wrote : -LRB- I am so hungry -RRB- I could eat a rider off his horse & snap at the stirups. A second reported that the dilapidated houses in Virginia look like the latter end of original sin and hard times. <SEP> A third remarked of slowness of Southerners : they moved about from corner to corner as uneasy as a litter of hungry leaches on the neck of a wooden god. Still another annoyed by the brevity of a recently received missive wrote : yore letter was short and sweet jist like a roasted maget. <SEP> A Yankee sergeant gave the following description of his sweetheart : my girl is none of your one-horse girls. She is a regular stub and twister double geered. <SEP> She is well-educated and refined all wildcat and fur and Union from the muzzle to the crupper. Humor found many modes of expression. <SEP> A Texan wrote to a male companion at home : what has become of Halda and Laura When you see them again give them my love -- not best respects now but love by God. <SEP> William R. Stillwell an admirable Georgian whose delightful correspondence is preserved in the Georgia Department of Archives and History liked to tease his wife in his letters. After he had been away from home about a year he wrote : -LRB- dear Wife -RRB- if I did not write and receive letters from you I believe that I would forgit that I was married. <SEP> I dont feel much like a maryed man but I never forgit it sofar as to court enny other lady but if I should you must forgive me as I am so forgitful. A Yank disturbed by his increasing corpulence wrote : I am growing so fat I am a burden myself. <SEP> Another Yank parodied the familiar bedtime prayer : now I lay me down to sleep the gray-backs oer my body creep if they should bite before I wake I pray the Lord their jaws to break. Charles Thiot a splendid Georgia soldier differed from most of his comrades in the ranks in that he was the owner of a large plantation well-educated and nearly fifty years of age. <SEP> He was very much like his associates in his hatred of camp routine. Near the end of his service he wrote that when the war was over he was going to buy two pups name one of them Fall-in and the other Close-up and then shoot them both and that will be the end of Fall-in and Close-up. <SEP> The soldiers who comprised the rank and file of the Civil War armies were an earthy people. They talked and wrote much about the elemental functions of the body. <SEP> One of the most common of camp maladies was diarrhoea. Men of more delicate sensibilities referred to this condition as looseness of the bowels but a much more common designation was the sh-ts. <SEP> A Michigan soldier stationed in Georgia wrote in : : I expect to be tough as a knott as soon as I get over the Georgia Shitts. Johnny Rebs from the deep South who were plagued with diarrhoea after transfer to the Virginia front often informed their families that they were suffering from the the Virginia quickstep. <SEP> A Georgia soldier gave his wife the following description of the cause and consequence of diarrhoea : I have bin a little sick with diorah two or three days. I eat too much eggs and poark. <SEP> It sowered -LRB- on -RRB- my stomack and turn loose on me. A Michigan soldier wrote his brother : I am well at present with the exception I have got the Dyerear and I hope thease few lines find you the same. <SEP> The letters which poured forth from camps were usually written under adverse circumstances. Save for brief periods in garrison or winter quarters soldiers rarely enjoyed the luxury of a writing desk or table. <SEP> Most of the letters were written in the hubbub of camp on stumps pieces of bark drum heads or the knee. In the South after the first year of the war paper and ink were very poor. <SEP> Scarcity of paper caused many Southerners to adopt the practice of cross-writing i.e. After writing from left to right of the page in the usual manner they gave the sheet a half turn and wrote from end to end across the lines previously written. Sometimes soldiers wrote letters while bullets were whizzing about their heads. <SEP> A Yank writing from Vicksburg May stated : not less than balls have passed over me since I commenced writing. I could tell you of plenty narrow escapes but we take no notice of them now. <SEP> A Reb stationed near Petersburg informed his mother : I need not tell you that I dodge pretty often for you can see that very plainly by the blots in this letter. Just count each blot a dodge and add in a few for I dont dodge every time. <SEP> Another Reb writing under similar circumstances before Atlanta reported : the Yankees keep shooting so I am afraid they will knock over my ink so I will close. The most common type of letter was that of soldier husbands to their wives. <SEP> Fathers often addressed communications to their small children and these full of homely advice are among the most human and revealing of Civil War letters. Rebs who owned slaves occasionally would include in their letters admonitions or greetings to members of the Negro community. <SEP> Occasionally they would write to the slaves. Early in the war it was not uncommon for planters sons to retain in camp Negro body servants to perform the menial chores such as cooking foraging cleaning the quarters shining shoes and laundering clothes. <SEP> Sometimes these servants wrote or dictated for enclosure with the letters of their soldier-masters messages to their relatives and to members of their owners families. Unmarried soldiers carried on correspondence with sweethearts at home. <SEP> Owing to the restrained usages characteristic of th-century America these letters usually were stereotyped and revealed little depth of feeling. Occasionally gay young blades would write vividly to boon companions at home about their amorous exploits in Richmond Petersburg Washington or Nashville. <SEP> These comments are hardly printable. An Alabama soldier whose feminine associations were of the more admirable type wrote boastfully of his achievements among the Virginia belles : they thout I was a saint. <SEP> I told them some sweet lies and they believed it all. I would tell them I got a letter from home stating that five of my Negroes had runaway and ten of Pappys. <SEP> But I wold say I recond he did not mind it for he had a plenty more left and then they would lean to me like a sore eyd kitten to a basin of milk. Some of the letters were pungently expressive. <SEP> An Ohio soldier who from a comrade just returned from leave received an unfavorable comment on the conduct of his sister took pen in hand and delivered himself thus : dear Sis. Alf sed he heard that you and Hardy was a runing together all the time and he though he wod gust quit having any thing mor to doo with you for he thought it was no more yuse. <SEP> I think you made a dam good chouise to turn off as nise a feler as Alf Dyer and let that orney thefin drunkard damed card playing sun of a bich com to sea you the god damed theaf and lop yeard pigen tode helion he is too orney for hel. I will shute him as shore as I sea him. <SEP> Initiation into combat sometimes elicited from soldier correspondents choice comments about their experiences and reactions. A Federal infantryman wrote to his father shortly after his first skirmish in Virginia : dear Pa. <SEP> Went out a skouting yesterday. We got to one house where there were five secessionists. <SEP> They brok & run and Arch holored out to shoot the ornery suns of biches and we all let go at them. Thay may say what they please but godamit Pa it is fun. <SEP> Some of the choicest remarks made by soldiers in their letters were in disparagement of unpopular officers. A Mississippi soldier wrote : our General Reub Davis is a vain stuck-up illiterate ass. <SEP> An Alabamian wrote : Col. Henry is -LRB- an ignoramus -RRB- fit for nothing higher than the cultivation of corn. A Floridian stated that his officers were not fit to tote guts to a bear. <SEP> On December Sergeant Edwin H. Fay an unusual Louisianan who held A.B. And M.A. Degrees from Harvard University and who before the war was headmaster of a private school for boys in Louisiana wrote his wife : I saw Pemberton and he is the most insignificant puke I ever saw. His head can not contain enough sense to command a regiment much less a corps. <SEP> Jackson runs first and his Cavalry are well drilled to follow their leader. He is not worth shucks. <SEP> He is a West Point graduate and therefore must be born to command. Similar comments about officers are to be found in the letters of Northern soldiers. <SEP> A Massachusetts soldier who seems to have been a Civil War version of Bill Mauldin wrote : the officers consider themselves as made of a different material from the low fellows in the ranks. They get all the glory and most of the pay and dont earn ten cents apiece on the average the drunken rascals. <SEP> Private George Gray Hunter of Pennsylvania wrote : I am well convinced in my own mind that had it not been for officers this war would have ended long ago. Another Yankee became so disgusted as to state : I wish to God one half of our officers were knocked in the head by slinging them against -LRB- the other half -RRB-. <SEP> No group of officers came in for more spirited denunciation than the doctors. One Federal soldier wrote : the docters is no aconte -- hell will be filde with do -LRB- c -RRB- ters and offersey when this war is over. <SEP> Shortly after the beginning of Shermans Georgia campaign an ailing Yank wrote his homefolk : the surgeon insisted on sending me to the hospital for treatment. I insisted on takeing the field and prevailed -- thinking that I had better die by rebel bullets than -LRB- by -RRB- Union quackery. <SEP> The attitudes which the Rebs and Yanks took toward each other were very much the same and ranged over the same gamut of feeling from friendliness to extreme hatred. The Rebs were to a Massachusetts corporal fighting madmen or not men at all but whiskey & gunpowder put into a human frame. <SEP> A Pennsylvania soldier wrote that they were the hardest looking set of men that ever I saw. They looked as if they had been fed on vinegar and shavings. <SEP> Private Jenkins Lloyd Jones of the Wisconsin Light Artillery wrote in his diary : I strolled among the Alabamans on the right found some of the greenest specimens of humanity I think in the universe their ignorance being little less than the slave they despise with as imperfect a dialect. They recooned as how youuns all would be a heap wus to weuns all. <SEP> In a similar vein but writing from the opposite side Thomas Taylor a private in the th Alabama Volunteers in a letter to his wife stated : you know that my heart is with you but I never could have been satisfied to have staid at home when my country is invaded by a thievin foe by a set of cowardly skunks whose motto is Booty.
cl22.txt:Good time I shall get to the distressing actuality to Red McIver and Handley Walker to murder and sudden death. <SEP> You realize I am sure how much old deeds incite to new ones and you must forgive me if I tell you first of the old ones. It was in that Abraham Wharf and his sister sat by a meager fire in their house on Dogtown Common a desolate place even then. <SEP> He was sharpening his razor. Sister said he do you think people who commit suicide go to heaven <SEP> she answered I dont know but I hope youll never do such a thing. Without a tremor God forbid He said and went out and cut his throat in the cave near Granny Days swamp. <SEP> What has this to do with the present Much I assure you. <SEP> You must know what gets into people even such as Red and Handley before you can tell what comes out of them. They had learned both of them about Abraham Wharf. <SEP> Thats why I beg you not to forget him. His ghost is not laid. <SEP> Red and Handley God help them knew the old Dogtown lore and I knew they knew it for Id told them a lot of it. It true that you get a deeper perception about a man and his motives when you know what it is he knows <SEP> Yes gentlemen I am getting to the point to my point. You know the facts they are set forth in your own newspapers. <SEP> You want from me the story but a story is about why and then perhaps about how. The when you know yesterday morning. <SEP> So what I am trying to tell you is the why -- that is my point -- and that concerns the spirit of the matter. There is an inwardness and a luster to old furniture -LRB- look at that mahogany highboy behind you -RRB- which has a provocative emanation if I may say so. <SEP> Places too have their haunting qualities. Even people. My point in this sad story is the spirit of the matter. <SEP> When you hold the spirit of a thing then somehow you know the truth -- you know a fake antique from the real thing. The truth is what youve come for is it not <SEP> Now Dogtown is one of those places that creeps into the marrow as worms get into old wood under the veneer. In fact all the folk who lived on the back of Cape Ann they are not just like others. <SEP> Theres a different hall-mark on them. There were no witch burnings here because everyone had a witch in the family. <SEP> Just think of old Granther Stannard who pulled the teeth of Dark Younger -LRB- her real name was Dorcas -RRB- and because he bungled the job and left two protruding tusks she put such a hex on him that he thought his legs were made of glass. After that he was never known to run or even walk fast. <SEP> Today Dogtown is the only deserted village in all New England that I know of. There it sits a small highland with towns like Gloucester near by but now its the most lost and tortured place in the world. <SEP> Those who lived in that desolation of rocky deformity took on some of the moraines stony character. Scientists say it is the last spewings of a great glacier but one rather feels that only a malevolent giant could have piled up those crouching monsters of granite which still seem to preserve a sort of suspended ominous life in them. <SEP> Well walk up there later. Its perhaps a mile from here where we sit. <SEP> Not one single dwelling left there though once in the early eighteenth century there were close to a hundred houses. -LRB- I myself have identified about sixty sites from the old maps and registers. <SEP> A fascinating pursuit I assure you. -RRB- Even I can remember nothing but ruined cellars and tumbled pillars and nobody has lived there in the memory of any living man. <SEP> It is now a sweep of boulders and ledges with oak walnut and sumac creeping across the common and everywhere the ruins and the long long shadows. Thats your setting and a sinister one. <SEP> Please get that in your reports. It accounts for so many things. <SEP> Both Red McIver and Handley Walker lived nearby almost as near as I do. Red lived at Lanesville and from his house he could be up on the Common in a half hours brisk walk Handley lived further on at Pigeon Cove. <SEP> Id often find one or other of them up around Dogtown sketching. They were both painters -LRB- They were They are What should one say -RRB- <SEP> Well anyhow Dogtown Common is so much off the beaten track nowadays that only Sunday picnickers still stray up there from time to time. Sea-road railroad lack of water killed Dogtown. Dead dead as a brass door nail and I sometimes feel like the Sexton for Im about the last to be even interested. <SEP> I knew Red and Handley well. As I said they were both painters. <SEP> Theyd come separately to Gloucester some twenty years ago -- theres always been an artists colony somewhere on Cape Ann -- and each married here. They married cousins Anta and Freya Norberg. <SEP> There are a lot of Scandinavians in this neck of the woods and many still make painted furniture and take steam-baths. Pretty girls among them with blonde hair and pert faces. Handley married Freya and Red of the red beard married Anta. <SEP> It was because of an old Norberg inheritance that I got to understand them all so well. The quarrel ended in a ridiculous draw but I must tell you about it. <SEP> Oh yes Im quite sure its important because of the Beech Pasture. Whats that <SEP> Why thats what gave me the feeling gave me as-it-were the spirit the demoniac evil spirit of this whole affair. You see besides being custodian of antiquities I am also registrar. <SEP> No I dont hold with those who live entirely among dead things. I know as well as the next man that a ship is called from the rigging she carries where the live wind blows and not from the hull. <SEP> Youve got to know both. Whats below the water-line interests me also. <SEP> As I was saying Ive known all about the old records including the old Norberg deed. Some ten years ago that page was torn out I dont know by whom. <SEP> About five years ago Handley came to ask me if he could see the tattered register. He was courteous and casual about it as though it were of no consequence. <SEP> Hes always like that in spite of being a big man. -LRB- When you see him youll notice his habit of fingering I might almost say stroking a large mole with black hairs on it by his right temple. -RRB- <SEP> A sensual man but very courteous some would say slick. Like his glossy black hair. Too many outside manners to my taste. He is the sort who with an appraising eye would cross the street to help a strange woman on to a bus and then pinch her. <SEP> A real gentleman I feel would do neither. Hes always worn a broad-brimmed hat and Ive noticed in my small study at the Society that he rather smells of cosmetics. <SEP> The next week cousin Red wandered in as casually but curt and untidy. Red was small and fine-boned like ivory-inlay. <SEP> He too asked to see the same page. When I told him someone had torn it out he shouted. <SEP> By God its that damn Handley the sneak later in the same week they both came together to examine the register. <SEP> Fortunately we were alone in the building -- so few people nowadays are interested even in their own past or in the lovely craft of other days -- for they began to abuse each other in the foulest language. Red thrusting out his tawny beard Handley glowering under his suddenly rumpled black hair. <SEP> They actually bristled. Le rouge et le noir. Violent men both. Red always was morose yet that day the dapper Handley was the louder of the two. <SEP> But for my presence they would have been at each others throats. During the quarrel I learned what the trouble was from the accusations each hurled at the other. <SEP> The Beech Pasture had suddenly become valuable. Theres a fine granite quarry there and granites coming back for public buildings. <SEP> Both men knew it was in the Norberg family holdings but to which of the cousins did it belong Anta or Freya Fortunately I knew almost exactly what the will had said. <SEP> It began with a preamble of course. This explained that the judge of probate of Essex County or appointed three free-holders of Gloucester to divide and establish the Norberg estate. <SEP> After the usual Honorable Sirs it went on to say that there had been set off to the widow one full third part of the real estate of the deceased Salu Norberg one lower room on the Western side privileges to the well and bake-oven and to one third of the cellar -LRB- I can show you the cellar when we go up -RRB- also one Cow Right and lastly they set off to the widow her own land that she brought with her as dower namely the Beech Pasture. I remember that the whole of the privileges not counting the Beech Pasture was valued at twenty pounds. <SEP> I wish you could have seen the crests fall on these two sparring coxcombs when I told them that obviously the pasture belonged to their wives jointly. That battle scene ridiculous as it was remained in my mind. A disturbing picture of bad blood to be further heightened with illicit if buccolic colors for on a subsequent day I saw Handley escorting Anta Reds wife up on Dogtown Common. <SEP> I felt it would be inopportune to disclose my presence. Not that I intentionally go unperceived but the boulders up there are very high and I am a small woman. <SEP> One other cause of jealousy between them I must tell you. Paint Gloomy and unkempt as Red McIver was he was much the better painter. <SEP> I suppose Handley knew it. If Red had a show at Gloucester Handley would hurry to hang his pictures in Rockport. <SEP> You may say this has little pertinence but gentlemen remember that all this prepared my mind alerted my intelligence. By such touches the pattern takes shape. <SEP> You would call these the motives of crime. I would call them the patterns of life perhaps even the designs of destiny. <SEP> Yet with all this knowledge I had nothing of substance to unravel our case as you would call it till yesterday. One month ago on the th of October was the opening of the gunning season in Massachusetts. <SEP> Not much to shoot but there are a few pheasant. Rabbits too if you care for them which most of the folk around here havent the sense to appreciate. Any more than they have the sense to eat mussels. That was the day Red was said to have gone away. <SEP> Oh yes hed talked about doing so. In fact he often disappeared from time to time -- off to paint the sea aboard a dragger out from Gloucester. <SEP> Anta his wife never seemed to mind. I suppose these absences gave her more clearance for her embraces with Cousin Handley. <SEP> Anyhow I wasnt surprised early that morning to see Handley himself crossing from Dogtown Common Road to the Back Road. No he didnt have his gun which he should have. <SEP> It would have been a good excuse for his being there at all. I myself had been up there by seven oclock after mushrooms since thered been a week of rain which had stopped early that morning and the day was as clear as Sandwich glass.
cn13.txt:His shoulder he could see Maxs loose grin and the Burnsides glowering faces. <SEP> Honey he whispered. Soon as we send them on their way and make camp lets you and me go for a walk down by the Snake -- all by ourselves. <SEP> Sally admonished her mother youve got all evening to visit with Dan. His wounds need dressing now. <SEP> Mrs. Jacksons words recalled Dan to his lack of fitness for courting. What a spectacle he was caked with dirt and sweat and blood filthy as a pig and naked as an Indian kissing the finest the sweetest the bravest and absolutely the prettiest girl in this whole wonderful world. <SEP> He released her reluctantly for her enthusiastic reunion with Old Hap. Got a lot to tend to but Ill get back quick as I can he assured her. <SEP> Dan could hear Clayton Burnside and Eben Jackson summing up their final reckoning for rental on the oxen. Jackson was doing most of the talking. <SEP> So long as Sallys pa was coming out best on the haggle Dan didnt feel the need of putting in his two-bits worth. Soon as the Burnsides moved on hed lead Rex down by the river there he could shave and scrub himself up for the evening. <SEP> Damn it he thought bitterly picking up his shirt and staring at the fresh bullet hole in the sleeve. If I hadnt got Nate stopped when I did my dudsd all be shot plumb to hell <SEP> He stooped picked up his ruined hat and pursed his lips thoughtfully. From the way the wound in his head was itching Dan knew that it would heal. <SEP> His only hat was something else again. Nate Nate He shouted. <SEP> The Burnsides now ready to roll were purposefully deaf to his cry. Nate He bellowed to the retreating back directly in front of him. <SEP> I aint going to fight you no more. Nate turned his head attempting to speak in a soothing voice. <SEP> I know you aint Dan affirmed feeling ten feet tall. He moved in close jerked the handsome broad-brimmed beaver hat from Nates head and clamped it on his own. <SEP> Heres a present for you he said shoving his bullet-riddled hat down over Nates purpling forehead. Me and yous trading hats sos youll have something permanent to remember me by <SEP> Sally left her choring to stand beside Dan. Slipping her hand in his they silently watched the Burnsides make the bend in the road and disappear from sight. <SEP> Much as they had to look forward to they didnt begrudge a moment of the time they spent seeing them go. At first Matilda could not believe her own eyes. <SEP> She had spent too many hours looking ahead hoping and longing to catch even a glimpse of Dan and finding nothing but emptiness. Now she could see him looking uncommon handsome standing there beside Sally Jackson and her folks in front of their trail-worn wagon. <SEP> Seeing them waiting there at the foot of Emigrant Rock was so overwhelming that for a good minute after they rounded the bend and started down the grade leading toward them Matilda could not speak at all. Then with a glory that almost wiped out the deep downward sags in her careworn face Matilda leaned over the wheel and shouted to Hez who was stumbling along in the heat and the dust on the opposite side of the wagon Pa Pa <SEP> I can see Dan. Hes with the Jacksons <SEP> What about Burnsides Hez asked who still believed theyd have them to lick. They aint even in sight She replied. <SEP> By then Hez could see for himself and so could the others. Soon they were all shouting greetings exchanging smiles and rejoicing to think that they were all back together again. <SEP> Even a reunion as joyous as this one did not make a break in the routines of the day. They stop and find out about all that had happened until they made circle tended the cattle tethered the horses gathered fuel carried water and started their cooking fires. <SEP> Then and only then with the Jacksons and Dan as their true guests of honor did the Harrows take time to catch up on the news. No sooner did they hear of Dans injury than both Gran and Matilda went into immediate action. <SEP> The wound in his scalp was examined pronounced healing and well doctored with simples before they dished up the victuals. From then on in keeping with the traditions they had followed since childhood the whole group settled down to relish their food. <SEP> Even Sally in spite of her gaiety and obvious welcome followed the old taboo of quitting the gab when wearing the nosebag. After their supper the evening turned into a regular Hoe-Down. <SEP> Only they carefully substituted old country folk dances for the Virginia Reels and square dances that were so popular among more worldly trains in the great westward migration. With Bill OConnor on the fiddle and Gran Harrow exuberantly shouting Glory Be and Hallelujah above their united chant of the lilting old ballads they played their quaint folk games with all the fervor and abandon of a real celebration. <SEP> Golly Rod exclaimed to Harmony as he dutifully stood by her side among the ringed spectators dont that fiddle make you wish the Bible didnt say us Baptists cant dance Nor Methodists neither she replied. Not that it matters to me being this far along. <SEP> Rod gave her a warm pat on the shoulder before he replied. Come spring youll be kicking up your heels and feeling coltish again too gal. <SEP> At these words of sympathy and understanding Harmony said generously I dont mind setting here along with Gran while you go out and join in the games. Rod shifted his eager eyes from the milling group out in the circle long enough to reply I aint much of a hand for Dare-Base and Farmer-in-the-Dell but Id sure like to get in on the handhold and wrestles. <SEP> He looked down at his big hands and slowly flexed his long fingers. Dont reckon theres nobody out therecept maybe Dan who can outgrip me Harmony. <SEP> With Rod on his way and Matilda visiting with Mrs. Jackson while they searched out familiar names on the face of the cliff Harmony settled on the edge of the grub box to ease the pressure of her swollen body on her bone-weary legs and worried about all that might have happened to Sally. She was deeply thankful that she could see her now out there in the midst of a gay youthful circle skipping and singing Farmer in the dell Farmer in the dell Heigh-ho the dairy-oh the farmer in the dell. <SEP> At the sight of Sallys happy face and carefree expression Harmonys dark brooding eyes quickly brightened with unshed tears. She was glad completely and unselfishly glad to see that things were working out the right way for both Sally and Dan. <SEP> She really tried to go a step further and say she hoped theyd be just as right as they now were for her and for Rod. She couldnt not yet. Not with the memory of her folks and the lost Conestoga still holding her close. <SEP> Out in the center of the circle the farmer who was Dan wasted no time when they came to the line The farmer choose his wife. With a swift swoop of his big arms he grabbed Sally out of the circle surrounding him and then kissed her soundly before setting her down so she could stand by his side while they jointly chose the rest of their outfit. <SEP> Soon the child the dog the cat and even the cheese all joined them out there in the circle. By now Harmony could see that most of the adults in the train were winded and resting or else siphoned off from the games by the challenging lure of the great cliff towering above them. <SEP> No matter how many registry rocks they came to on this journey each one exerted its own appeal. Even strange names seemed to make them feel closer to some kind of civilization when stumbled across out here in this wilderness. <SEP> Already a few hardy folk from their own train were zealously chipping away at the register rocks leaving their own records along with those made by the earlier trains. Soon she saw Rod and Hez moving over to join them. <SEP> No sooner were they through and the guards posted than the whole camp turned in for a night of sound sleep. For Matilda it was the first she had known in many a night. <SEP> Even the knowledge that she was losing another boy as a mother always does when a marriage is made did not prevent her from having the first carefree dreamless sleep that she had known since they dropped down the canyon and into Bear Valley way way back there when they were crossing those other mountains. Next morning they moved on again. <SEP> My souls a-gracious Gran Harrow exclaimed watching their rippling muscles as Rod and Dan swung her up into the load. A body would swear I floated right up here on a cloud <SEP> Rod and Dan released their holds on the arms of her hickory rocker and exchanged embarrassed grins. Shucks Gran they said almost in unison. <SEP> That wasnt nothing at all Leaning forward in her chair Gran nearsightedly scrutinized Dans face. <SEP> Hows Sally like rubbin agin that thar little ticklebrush yere a-raising Quit ragging him Gran Rod protested. <SEP> I aint ragging him Gran peered again at the week-old blond mustache shadowing Dans upper lip. <SEP> Honest-to-Betsy Ive seed more hair than that on a piece o bacon. The two tall brothers waited silently while their mother handed Gran her cold snack and water jug placed the chamber pot beside her feet and returned to her place at the front of the wagon with Alice. <SEP> Rheumatics worse Pa Dan asked Hez who had limped back from his team to hold the notched-stick chair braces in place while his boys swung up the tailgate and tied it tight at the ends. My right legs stiff as a board this morning he replied. <SEP> The sunll fry it outn me onct we git to rolling. The three men stepped out to the side to wait for Captain Clemens signal. <SEP> Hez looked up at the high face of Emigrant Rock official signboard for the Raft River turnoff and gloated Seems funny that them Burnsides never took time to leave their John-Henry up thar. Wonder what made them hurry so Rod drawled giving Dan a sly wink. <SEP> Dan grinned and changed the subject. From now on Sally and me and her folks aim to give you our turn when it comes up and fall in behind you and Rods outfit. <SEP> Aint no sense you eating our dust Rod protested. Sally and her ma want to trade off on account of Harmony being so far along Dan explained. <SEP> Jackson recruited his critters and him and me fixed up his wagon while we was waiting for you to catch up. Hes got the tightest running gear in the train now. <SEP> Besidest- aint no moren right for me to follow with my black oxen sos I can unhook and pull up fast if either of you get in a pinch. Captain Clemens signal shot sent the men hurrying to their waiting teams. <SEP> Reckon yere right Dan Hez called back over his shoulder. Ill shore be needing ye both on the pull out o the canyon. <SEP> Rod looked apprehensively ahead at the narrowing precipice-walled gorge. Well double teams zigzagging up the mountain Harmony he spoke reassuringly concerned by the pinched look around her mouth. <SEP> Like enough well all be up on top by sundown. Out of the corner of his eye he could see his fathers wheels beginning to turn. <SEP> Before Harmony had a chance to reply Rod cracked his long whip over his thin oxens backs.
cl02.txt:Was giving the parked cars the once-over. <SEP> The Oldsmobile with the license number JYJ was in stall number five. Okay I said to the attendant Ill let you know if I close the deal on the office in this building. <SEP> I walked with him back to the entrance. He gave me a ticket on the agency car and parked it. <SEP> I was back in ten minutes. Forgot to get something out of the car I told him showing him my ticket. <SEP> He started to say something as I walked in and then suddenly grinned and said Oh yes. Youre the one I was talking to about a monthly rental. <SEP> Thats right I told him. He consulted the parking ticket then looked at a notation and said Youre in the third row back toward the rear. <SEP> You find it all right Sure I told him. <SEP> I went back to the agency car and got out an electric bug one of the newest devices for electronic shadowing. I always keep a set in the car. <SEP> I put in new batteries so as to be certain Id have plenty of power and on my way out walked over to the regular parking stalls and stood looking at them thoughtfully. I waited until the parking attendant was busy with a customer then slipped around the back of the car with license number JYM attached the electronic bug to the rear bumper and walked out. <SEP> The attendant waved me on. One of the hardest chores a detective has is hanging around on a city street trying to make himself inconspicuous keeping an eye on the entrance of an office building and waiting. <SEP> For the first fifteen or twenty minutes its possible to be more or less interested in window displays then in people passing by. After a while however a persons mind gets fed up and that magnifies all of the disagreeable physical symptoms which go with that sort of an assignment. <SEP> You want to sit down. Your leg muscles and back muscles feel weary. <SEP> Youre conscious of the fact that your feet hurt that the city pavements are hard. I waited a solid two hours before my man came out of the office building. <SEP> He came out alone. I wasnt far behind him when he entered the parking lot and hurried over to his car. <SEP> The attendant recognized me once more and said What did you do about that office I havent made up my mind yet I said. <SEP> Its a sublease. I have a couple of them Im figuring on one here and one thats out quite a ways where theres usually curb parking. <SEP> That curb parking is undependable and annoying particularly when it rains he said. I kept trying to get him to take my money. <SEP> Okay I told him. Im in a rush right now. <SEP> I know where the car is. Want me to drive it out <SEP> Ill have one of the boys get it he said. Its one of the rules on transients. <SEP> Regulars drive out their own cars. Make it as snappy as you can will you I asked. <SEP> Oh thats all right he said. Youre going to be a regular. <SEP> Youll get in the office building here. You dont want to lease a place way out in the sticks. <SEP> You get business where the business is not where it isnt. I grinned at him handed him a couple of dollars and said By the time you get the parking charge figured up there should be a cigar in it for you. <SEP> I hurried over to the agency heap jumped in started the motor and was just in time to see the car I wanted to shadow turn to the left. I was held up a bit trying to make a left turn. <SEP> By the time Id made it he was gone. Traffic was pretty heavy. <SEP> I turned on the electric bug and the signal came in loud and clear. I made time and picked him up within ten blocks. <SEP> I stayed half a block behind him letting lots of cars keep in between us listening to the steady beep beep beep. After fifteen minutes of traffic driving he turned to the left. <SEP> I couldnt see him but the electric bugging device gave steady beeps when it was straight ahead short half beeps when the car I was following was to the left and long drawn-out beeps when it turned to the right. If it ever got behind me the beep turned to a buzz. <SEP> I turned left too soon and got a signal showing that I was still behind him but he was to the right. After a while the signal became a buzz and I knew he was behind me. <SEP> That meant hed parked someplace. I made a big circle until I located the car parked at the curb in front of an apartment house. <SEP> I found a parking place half a block away sat in the car and waited. My quarry was in the apartment house for two hours. <SEP> Then he came out and started driving toward the beach. By this time it was dark. <SEP> I could get up close to him where there was traffic but had to drop far behind when there wasnt traffic. My lights would have been a giveaway if Id tried to shadow him in the conventional manner. <SEP> Moreover Id have lost him if it hadnt been for the electronic shadowing device. His signal was coming loud and clear and then all of a sudden it turned to a buzz. <SEP> I circled the block and found he was in the parking lot of a high-class restaurant. I sat where I could watch the exit and realized I was hungry. <SEP> I sat there with the faint odor of charcoal-broiled steaks tantalizing my nostrils and occasionally catching the aroma of coffee. My man came out an hour later drove to the beach turned right and after half a mile went to the Swim and Tan Motel. <SEP> It was a fairly modern motel with quite a bit of electrical display in front. I remembered it was the Peeping Tom place. <SEP> I waited until my man was coming out of the office with the key to a cabin before I went in to register. The card the man I was shadowing had filled out was still on the counter. <SEP> I noticed that he was in Unit and that he had registered under the name of Oscar L. Palmer and wife giving a San Francisco address. He had written out the license number of his car but had transposed the last two figures an old dodge which is still good. <SEP> Ninety-nine times out of a hundred the motel manager doesnt check the license number on the plates against the license number the tenant writes out. If he does its still better than an even chance he wont notice the transposition of the numbers and if he should notice it the thing can be passed off as an honest mistake. <SEP> I used the alias of Robert C. Richards gave the first three letters and the first and last figure of the license number on the agency heap but a couple of phony numbers in between. I could have written anything. <SEP> The manager of the motel was a woman who apparently didnt care. She was complying with the law in regard to registrations but she certainly wasnt checking license numbers or bothering the tenants. <SEP> You mean youre all alone Mr. Richards Thats right. <SEP> Your wife isnt going to join you -- later I dont think so. <SEP> If you expect her to show up she said youd better put and wife on there. Its a formality you know. <SEP> Any difference in the rate I asked. Not to you she said smiling. <SEP> Its ten dollars either way. There are ice cubes in a container at the far end and in another by the office. <SEP> There are three soft-drink vending machines and if you should be joined by -- anybody -- try to keep things quiet if you will. We like to run a nice quiet place. <SEP> Thank you I told her. I took another sidelong glance at the other registration card then took the key to Unit that she had given me and went down long enough to park the car. <SEP> The construction was reasonably solid not like the cracker-box construction of so many of the motel units that have stucco all over the outside but walls that are thin enough so you can hear every movement of the people in the adjoining apartment. I put a small electric amplifier against the wall on the side I wanted to case. <SEP> With the aid of that I could hear my man moving around heard him cough a couple of times heard the toilet flush heard the sound of water running. Whoever his companion was going to be she was going to join him later. <SEP> She knew where to come. He didnt have to telephone. <SEP> I was so hungry my stomach felt all lines of communication had been severed. Its one thing to go without food when youre occupied with some work or when youre simply postponing a meal but when youre dependent on someone else and know that you cant eat until hes bedded down for the night hunger can be a gnawing torture. <SEP> I had noticed a drive-in down the road a quarter of a mile. The batteries on the bugging device I had put on the car were still fresh enough to send out good strong signals. <SEP> The powerful microphone I could press against the wall between my motel unit and that occupied by the man would bring in the sound of any conversation and I was positively nauseated I was so hungry. I got in the car drove down to the drive-in and ordered a couple of hamburgers with everything included a cup of coffee and the fastest service possible. <SEP> The place wasnt particularly busy at that time of night and the girl who was waiting on me who was clothed in the tightest-fitting pair of slacks I had ever seen on a woman and a sweater that showed everything there was -- and there was lots of it -- wanted to be sociable. You really in a hurry Handsome She asked. <SEP> Im in a hurry Beautiful. Its early in the evening to be in a hurry. <SEP> Theres lots of time left. There may not be any women left I said. <SEP> She gave a little pout and said I dont get off work until eleven oclock. Thats when my evening commences. <SEP> Ill be here at ten-fifty-five I said. Oh you She announced. <SEP> Thats what they all say. Whats that thing going buzz-buzz-buzz in your car <SEP> I said Darn it thats the automatic signal that shows when the ignition key is on. I didnt turn it off. <SEP> I reached over and switched off the electronic bugging device. She went in to get the hamburgers and I switched on the device again and kept the signal from Dowlings car coming in steady and clear until I saw her starting back with the hamburgers. <SEP> Then I shut off the device again. She wanted to hang around while I was eating. <SEP> You think its selfish to have dinner before you go to pick her up No I said. <SEP> Its a kindness to her. You see shes on a diet. <SEP> Shell eat just a pineapple and cottage cheese salad and Im to have one with her so she wont feel out of place. Diets can be terrible the girl said. <SEP> How much overweight is she Not a bit I said but shes keeping her figure in hand. <SEP> She looked at me provocatively. Good figures should be kept in hand she said and walked away with an exaggerated wiggle. <SEP> I turned on the device again half fearful that I might find silence but the buzzes came in loud and clear. When I switched on the lights for her to come and get the check I had the exact change plus a dollar tip.
cp17.txt:Bobbie Evans smashed up his car the Jaguar his wife Linda had given him for his last birthday and himself quite thoroughly with it driving back from an afternoons golf at Oakmont it seemed to mark the end of a long miswritten chapter in the social life of the community. <SEP> Linda looked remote yet lovely in black and everyone held his or her breath. Not that Linda was heartless not that she would do anything prematurely or in bad taste any more than John Cooper would. <SEP> Linda been a perfect wife to Bobbie who was the least bit of a disappointment all these years John Cooper even more attractive at forty-seven than he had been twenty-five years earlier <SEP> wasnt Johns wife Edythe even more appalling if possible John Cooper after all this time deserve something better of life <SEP> it adult and realistic to look at it that way And romantic Everybody knew that John Cooper had married Edythe on the rebound. <SEP> It was the kind of thing that could ruin a mans life and it was a tribute to Johns strength of character and very real business ability that it hadnt ruined his. Of course there was nothing you could do but you still ought to be ashamed of yourself for letting it happen Mousie Chandler said to Linda Stuart. Poor John <SEP> Linda accepted the reproach which was something she did rarely in all her life and most rarely in that summer of when she was by all odds the prettiest and brightest young woman west of the Allegheny Mountains and John was surely one of the handsomer and brighter young men around Pittsburgh. It had been John and Linda ever since she had come out two seasons before at the Golf Club to the goggle-eyed admiration not only of the stag line but even of her fellow debs. <SEP> John had claimed her from the stag line a young man a year out of Dartmouth with skiing crinkles still around his eyes. You saw them always together those years. <SEP> You talked about John-and-Linda as an entity. John-and-Linda were at Longue Vue last night John-and-Linda drove to Conneaut in three and a half hours. <SEP> Then there was a spat over something as there had been lovers spats before only this one didnt heal. You still said John-and-Linda but as if you were speaking of a national catastrophe such as the depression or Dillinger. <SEP> It got worse instead of better. First it came out after Mr. Coopers will was settled -- he had died the year before -- that John and his mother werent rich any more. <SEP> And then there was Lindas engagement to Bobbie Evans. There was no connection between the two events because Bobbie wasnt rich either though he was more aggressive than John. <SEP> He was a bright and handsome young man from New York who worked for the same steel company as John did. Some people said Linda had just announced the engagement to jolt John into some action but when John came home from a business trip to Cleveland with Edythe with Edythe his bride it could no longer be John-and-Linda even to sentimental wishful thinkers. <SEP> It wasnt even John and Edythe. It was simply Poor John. <SEP> There was nothing specifically wrong with Edythe but there was absolutely nothing right about her either. Mousie Chandler had been to school with her someplace near Baltimore and tried to explain rather than defend her to the gang having lunch at Hornes. <SEP> Well you shouldnt underestimate Edythe Mousie said. I know she gives the impression of being shallow and frivolous and scatterbrained. <SEP> She is frivolous and scatterbrained but she really isnt shallow. Bobbie and Linda looked magnificent at their wedding. <SEP> John was at the church with Edythe. She giggled during the ceremony and Mousie Chandler who was one of Lindas bridesmaids said John glared black as death at her. <SEP> As if he were choking she said. Poor John Edythe settled down to become a social myth and a horrible example. <SEP> Her hair never seemed to be in place and her skirts were never quite the correct length. She didnt have a bad shape when you caught her at the pool at Longue Vue but her bathing suits were far from smart. <SEP> You didnt see her much at Longue Vue or anywhere for John had drifted away from the gang. Mousie said it was because he was too proud to stand pity. <SEP> Others thought he couldnt stand seeing Linda Mrs. Bobbie Evans still so beautiful so much in command of everything. There were less-dramatic reasons too. <SEP> Johns mother died not long after his marriage and there was even less Cooper money left. John sold the big old place in Sewickley and bought a smaller house in Fox Chapel. <SEP> He was not reduced to poverty but his job at the steel company had become a real job and not a method of passing the day. John was good at his job. <SEP> It probably wasnt hard for him to keep his nose to the grindstone with nothing but Edythe to come home to. That may be unfair since Ben Cooper Johns first son came along early in the cutest baby you ever saw and a blessing that he looked all Cooper from fontanel to pink toes nary a trace of Edythe. <SEP> The continuing charm of the other children -- Sally in and Jack in -- and all Johns success at his work only made Edythes dizziness and general uselessness more glaring. She never could fit into a crowd which had known which still knew and admired Linda. <SEP> When there was bridge at Edythes house the cards shuffled like wet graham crackers and the food probably was wet graham crackers. She managed a missionary drive for the church once and got the books so confused that old Mr. Webber the eldest elder whod never donated more than five dollars to anything had to cough up five hundred dollars to avoid a scandal in what Edythe called the bosoms of the church. <SEP> John did find the missing checks and money afterward and the drive was actually oversubscribed which was a real bit of luck for the missionaries. Being an intelligent man John must have guessed what everyone thought about Edythe but he never let on by so much as a brave smile. <SEP> Poor John was the kind of stock that keeps a bargain without whimpering and maybe bends over backward to keep a bad one. He was an attentive and generous husband overgenerous a lot of people felt because they knew that money must be a problem to him. <SEP> He got ahead in business : on leave from his job to an important Washington assignment during the war after the war back to the heir apparency of the steel company. The Coopers saw Bobbie and Linda socially but no more than was necessary. <SEP> Bobbie had been successful too though he didnt match Johns pace and after all he didnt need to with all the Stuart money. He and Linda settled down to being social leaders and Linda managed to look a little more beautiful each year. <SEP> And then came the hairpin turn the smashed Jaguar and Linda mourning alone and lovely. Everyone held his or her breath. <SEP> Dont think Linda couldnt have got John back any time if shed tried Mousie Gordon who had been Mousie Chandler said between bites of a chicken sandwich at a luncheon table at Le Mont. Now you know she couldve but she isnt that kind of girl. <SEP> Now -- well it would be a blessing I think. Poor John. Linda Evans felt more wretched than she had ever dreamed Bobbies death could move her to feeling. <SEP> What she felt was a bone-deep loss with a sense of waste to it not so much sorrow for handsome ambitious Bobbie but for the lost years that had been brought into high relief by his death. She knew what people were thinking it was what she had been thinking herself. <SEP> It was up to her to save Poor John dear John to undo the wrong she had done but she trembled at the decision as at the brink of a cold stream. There was no one who would blame her or John she could be sure of that. <SEP> It might be rough on Edythe at first but Linda and John between them could make a settlement handsome enough to soothe her to send her back to Cleveland or anywhere. Linda felt capable of capturing the affection of the children anxious even since she and Bobbie had had none of their own. <SEP> It would be good for them to have a mother they need not be ashamed of. Linda would have to wait she knew. <SEP> What was a decent six months or so after the more than twenty years gone by Years of watching while Poor John struggled without the help and understanding of the kind of wife a man needed to get ahead. Of course he had done wonders. <SEP> Alloy steels and regular steels had different sales departments at Smith & MacIsaacs where John and Bobbie both worked. Bobbie had been head of the alloy division while John was just another good salesman in the regular branch. <SEP> When old Mr. Lovejoy the company president talked about putting in a single sales manager for both branches after the head of the regular steels had gone with Carnegie-Illinois it looked like the perfect chance for Bobbie. Linda knew how to help her husband not just the Stuart-family contacts but also the little dinners for Reuben Lovejoy. <SEP> She was almost sick when Bobbie came home with the news that Poor John had won the job. What did you do She asked Bobbie. <SEP> You must have done something something wrong. Lord knows I had everything set for you. <SEP> Bobbie said something about damned Pittsburghers sticking together and Linda got angry at him. They had their first real fight and Bobbie went off to get drunk. <SEP> Linda dragooned her uncle Donald Murkland into a lunch the next day to find out what had happened. He was a director of S. & M. And must have been in on the decision. <SEP> Jolly old Uncle Donald would tell her no more than that Bobbie had certainly been considered for the job but there were factors in a large company which outsiders and even some insiders couldnt understand. He didnt tell her of the long board meeting where Bobbie and John were weighed one against the other. <SEP> Im behind John Cooper Mr. Lovejoy said finally. I think were agreed that he and Evans are equal in ability so we have to look at the thing in terms of incentive. <SEP> Now I believe Poor Johnll work just a little harder. With that wife of his I think he feels every chance he gets is his big chance. <SEP> Bobbie with Linda behind him will have plenty of other opportunities. Also the money cant mean as much to Bobbie. <SEP> Bobbie will take the job as his just reward and work hard at it Poor John will take it as a miracle and have every other independent steel company sitting up nights worrying about us. Most of the directors nodded. <SEP> Uncle Donald Murkland found himself nodding agreement too. After the surprise was over Linda was almost as pleased as anyone with Johns good luck though she agreed with Bobbies decision some months later to move to Funk Furnaces. <SEP> The job at Funk wasnt particularly better but it got him away from being subordinate to John and assured him steady advancement since Funk was owned to a large degree by various branches of Lindas family. Poor Johns rise continued to be meteoric. <SEP> When he was made a vice president only a year after the new sales job a leading business magazine ran his photograph with a brief biography in a series on national business leaders of the future.
cg06.txt:Frist ist um und wiederum verstrichen sind sieben Jahr the Maestro quoted The Flying Dutchman as he told of his career and wanderings explaining that the number seven had significantly recurred in his life several times. <SEP> The music director of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra William Steinberg has molded his group into a prominent musical organization which is his life. When he added to his Pittsburgh commitments the directorship of the London Philharmonic Orchestra in he conducted one hundred fifty concerts within nine months commuting between the two cities. <SEP> This schedule became too strenuous even for the energetic and conscientious Mr. Steinberg. His London contract was rescinded and now he explains cheerfully as a bright smile lightens his intense mobile face I conduct only one hundred and twenty concerts <SEP> Our meeting took place in May during one of the Maestros stop-overs in New York before he left for Europe. As we began to converse in the lounge of his Fifth Avenue hotel his restlessness and sensitivity to light and sound became immediately apparent. <SEP> Seeking an obscure dark relatively quiet corner in the airy room otherwise suffused with afternoon sunshine he asked if the soft background music could be turned off. Unfortunately it was Muzak which automatically is piped into the public rooms and which nolens volens had to be endured. <SEP> As he talked about himself time and again stuffing and dragging on his pipe Steinberg began to relax and the initial hurried feeling grew faint and was dispelled. He come from a musical family <SEP> Yes : though not professional musicians they were a music-loving family. In his native Cologne where his mother taught him to play the piano he was able to read notes before he learned the alphabet. <SEP> She even devised a system of colors whereby the boy could easily distinguish the different note values. When he started school at the age of five-and-a-half he could not understand why the alphabet begins with the letter A instead of C as in the scale. <SEP> Because like many other children he intensely disliked practicing Czerny Etudes he composed his own studies. When he was eight he began violin lessons. <SEP> Soon he was playing in the Cologne Municipal Orchestra and during World War when musicians were scarce he joined the opera orchestra as well. Steinberg claims that these early years of orchestra participation were of invaluable help to his career. <SEP> By observing the conductor he says with a twinkle in his eyes I learned how not to conduct. The musician ran away from school when he was fifteen but this escapade did not save him from the Gymnasium. <SEP> Simultaneously he pursued his musical studies at the conservatory receiving sound training in counterpoint and harmony as well in the violin and piano. His professional career began when he was twenty he became Otto Klemperers personal assistant at the Cologne Opera and a year later was promoted to the position of regular conductor. <SEP> This an unusually young age to fill such a responsible post Yes the Maestro assented. <SEP> He always wished to be a conductor No originally he had hoped to become a concert pianist and had even performed as such. <SEP> However when he assumed the duties of a conductor he relinquished his career as a pianist. Five years were spent with the Cologne Opera after which he was called to Prague by Alexander von Zemlinsky teacher of Arnold Schonberg and Erich Korngold. <SEP> In he succeeded Zemlinsky as opera director of the German Theater at Prague. During his tenure he also fulfilled guest engagements at the Berlin State Opera. <SEP> Two years later he became director of the Frankfurt Opera where he remained until he lost this position in through the rise of the Hitler regime. During these years the youthful conductor had contributed greatly to the high level of musical life in Germany. <SEP> He had presented the first German performances of Puccinis Manon Lescaut and De Fallas La Vida Breve. The Frankfurt years were particularly noteworthy for his performance of Bergs Wozzek soon after the Berlin premiere under Erich Kleiber and the world premiere of Schonbergs Von heute auf morgen. <SEP> At the outset of his career Steinberg had dedicated himself to the advancement of contemporary music by vowing to do a Schonberg work every year. In Frankfurt too he directed the Museum and Opera House concerts which in addition to the standard repertoire featured novelties like Erdmanns Piano Concerto and Mahlers Sixth Symphony. <SEP> Because of the political upheaval in Germany in thes Steinberg was forced to restrict his activities to the Jewish community. Through the Frankfurt Jewish Kulturbund he began to give sonata recitals in synagogues with Cellist Emanuel Feuermann. <SEP> As more and more Jewish musicians lost their jobs with professional organizations Steinberg united them into the Frankfurt Kulturbund Orchestra which also gave guest performances in other German cities. In he accepted the leadership of the Berlin Kulturbund. <SEP> In the fall of that year the best musicians of the Berlin and Frankfurt Kulturbund orchestras joined under the combined efforts of Bronislaw Hubermann and Steinberg to become the Palestine Orchestra -- now known as the Israel Philharmonic Orchestra -- with Steinberg as founder-conductor. In at the insistence of Arturo Toscanini Steinberg left Germany for the United States by way of Switzerland. <SEP> After he had spent the first three years in New York as associate conductor at Toscaninis invitation of the NBC Orchestra he made numerous guest appearances throughout the United States and Latin America. In he became conductor of the Buffalo Philharmonic. <SEP> Seven years later he was asked to become director of the Pittsburgh Symphony. Since he has also conducted regularly at the San Francisco Opera where he made his debut with a memorable performance of Verdis Falstaff. <SEP> In recent years he has traveled widely in Europe conducting in Italy France Austria and Switzerland. He returned to Germany for the first time in where he has since conducted in Cologne Frankfurt and Berlin. <SEP> Where in Europe was he going now First of all to Italy for a short vacation -- Forte Dei Marmi a place he loves. Since it is not far from Viareggio he will visit Puccinis house as he never fails to do to pay his respects to the memory of the composer of La Boheme which he considers one of Puccinis masterpieces. <SEP> Steinberg spoke with warmth and enthusiasm about Italy : Rome is my second home. I consider it the center of the world and make it a point to be there once a year. <SEP> He will conduct two concerts at the Accademia Di Santa Cecilia as well as concerts in Munich and Cologne. Then I return to the United States for engagements at the Hollywood Bowl and in Philadelphia he added. <SEP> The forthcoming season in Pittsburgh also promises to be of unusual interest. There will be premieres of new works made possible through Ford Foundation commissions : Carlisle Floyds Mystery with Phyllis Curtin as soprano soloist. <SEP> Other world premieres will be Gardner Reads Third Symphony and Burle Marxs Samba Concertante. Next year we will do -- also a Ford commission -- a piano concerto by Elliott Carter with Jacob Lateiner as soloist. <SEP> Of course I shall conduct Mahler and Bruckner works in the coming season as usual. Well play Bruckners Fifth Symphony in the original version and Mahlers Seventh -- the least accessible known and played of Mahlers works. <SEP> My Pittsburghers have become real addicts to Mahler and Bruckner. He added that he also stresses the works of these favorite masters on tour especially Mahlers First and Fourth symphonies and Das Lied Von der Erde and Bruckners Sixth -- which is rarely played -- and Seventh. <SEP> Bruckners Eighth he refers to as my travel symphony. He recalled that in California after a critic had attacked him for still trying to sell Bruckner to the Americans the publics response at the next concert was a standing ovation. <SEP> Now that Bruno Walter is virtually in retirement and my dear friend Dimitri Mitropoulos is no longer with us I am probably the only one -- with the possible exception of Leonard Bernstein -- who has this special affinity for and champions the works of Bruckner and Mahler. Since he introduces so much modern music I could not resist asking how he felt about it. <SEP> There was always and at all times a contemporary music and it expresses the era in which it was created. I usually stick to the old phrase : Ich habe ein Amt aber keine Meinung -LRB- I hold an office but I do not feel entitled to have an opinion -RRB-. <SEP> I consider it to be my job to expose the public to what is being written today. With all his musical activities did he have the time and inclination to do anything else <SEP> He had just paid a brief visit to the Frick Collection to admire his favorite paintings by Rembrandt and Franz Hals. He was not enthusiastic over the newly acquired Claude Lorrain but reminisced with pleasure over a Poussin exhibit he had been able to see in Paris a year ago. <SEP> How did he feel about modern art Again Steinberg was cautious and replied with a smile that he was not exposed to it enough to hazard comments. <SEP> As my wife puts it he said again with a twinkle in his eyes all you know is your music. After all you never learned anything else <SEP> What did he do for relaxation Like his late colleague Mitropoulos he reads mystery stories in particular Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. <SEP> He cited Heine and Stendhal as favorites in literature. His prime interest apart from music he insisted seriously was his family -- his wife daughter and son. <SEP> At the moment he was excited about his sons having received the Prix De Rome in archaeology and was looking forward to being present this summer at the excavation of an Etruscan tomb. Both children are musical and my wife is a music lover of unfailing instinct and judgement. <SEP> Is the attitude of German youth comparable to that of the angry young men of England Was the topic for a round-table discussion at the Bayerische Rundfunk in Munich. I was chairman the only not youthful participant. <SEP> Since attack serves to stimulate interest in broadcasts I added to my opening statement a sentence in which I claimed that German youth seemed to lack the enthusiasm which is a necessary ingredient of anger and might be classified as uninterested and bored rather than angry. I was far from convinced of the truth of my statement but could not think of anything that might evoke responses more quickly. <SEP> It is easy for you to talk countered a twenty year old law student you travel around the world. We would like to do that too. <SEP> But you want a job guaranteed when you return I continued my attack. You must have some security said a young clerk. <SEP> When I mentioned that for my first long voyage I did not even have the money for the return fare but had trusted to luck that I would earn a sufficient amount the young people looked at me doubtingly. One girl expressed what was obviously in their minds. <SEP> You advise us to act the same way You might have failed. <SEP> I think it is rather foolhardy to trust to luck. Others mentioned that I might have had to ask friends or even strangers for help and that to be stranded in a foreign country without sufficient funds did not contribute to international understanding. <SEP> The debate needed no additional controversy and soon I could ask each individually what he expected from life what his hopes were and what his fears. Though the four boys and two girls the youngest nineteen years of age the oldest twenty-four came from varying backgrounds and had different professional and personal interests there was surprising agreement among them. <SEP> What they wished for most was security what they feared most was war or political instability in their own country. The ideal home they agreed would be a small private house or a city apartment of four to five rooms just enough for a family consisting of husband wife and two children. <SEP> No one wanted a larger family or no children and none hoped for a castle or said that living in less settled circumstances would be satisfactory. All expressed interest in world affairs but no one offered to make any sacrifices to satisfy this interest.
cn29.txt:Then and since the pure grain had gotten him divorced from every decent -- and even indecent -- group from Greenwich Village to the Embarcadero he had become a sucker-rolling freight-jumper. <SEP> There aint nothin faster or lonelier or more direct than a cannonball freight when you wan- na go someplace Feathertop would say. The accommodations may not be the poshest but man There aint nobody askin for your ticket stub neither. <SEP> He had been conning the freights for a long long time now. Ever since the hooch and the trouble with the Quartet and Midge and the child. Ever since all that. It had been a very long time that had no form and no end. <SEP> He was -- as he told himself in the vernacular of a trade no longer his own -- riding the dark train out. Out and out and never to return again. One day the last freight had been jumped the last pint had been killed the last beat had been rapped. <SEP> That was the day it ended. The freight car was cold early in the morning. <SEP> He was pressed far back into the corner of the car on his hay sacks the rattling and tinning of the wheels on the rails almost covering the sound of his ocarina. He held his elbows away from his body and the little sweet potato trilled neatly and sweetly as he tickled its tune-belly. <SEP> The train slowed at a road crossing and the big door slid open at first gratingly caught by grains of corn -- then with a clash into its slot. The boy lifted the girl by the waist and set her on the lip of the floor. <SEP> She pulled her legs up under her to rise her full peasant skirt drawing up her thighs and Feathertops music pfffted away. Now that is a very nice a very nice he murmured to himself back in his corner. A little thing but the right twist for the action that counted. Hot that was the word hot Hair like a morning-frightened sparrows wings with the sun shining down over them. A poet yet <SEP> His thoughts for the swanlike neck the full high breasts the slim waist and the long legs were less than poetic however. Zingggg-O Then the boy straight-armed himself up twisting at the last moment so he landed sitting. <SEP> He was less to see but Feathertop took him in too just to keep the records straight. Curly hair high cheekbones wide gnomelike mouth a pair of drummers blocky hands and a body that said well maybe I can wrestle you for ten minutes -- but then Im finished. We made it Cappy the chick said. <SEP> Yeah seems so dont it the boy laughed hugging her close. Ah-ah Feathertop interrupted standing up brushing the pig offal from his dirty pants. None of that. <SEP> We run a respectable house here. They whirled and saw him standing there dim in the slatted light from the boarded freight wall. <SEP> He was big and filthy and his toes stuck out of the flapping tops of his shoes. He held the black plastic kazoo lightly. <SEP> Come sit said Feathertop motioning them toward him. That crap is softer over here. <SEP> The girl smiled and started forward. The boy yanked her back hard tugging her off her feet and gathered her into the crook of his arm. <SEP> Now stay with me Kitty he snapped irritably. I vowed to take care of you -- and thats what Im gon na do. <SEP> We dont know this guy. Oooo square bit Feathertop screwed his face up. <SEP> This guy was strictly from Outsville. But nowhere What is with this vow jazz Feathertop inquired lounging against the freights vibrating wall. <SEP> We -- we eloped Cappy said. His head came up and he said it defiantly. Well congratulations. <SEP> Feathertop made an elaborate motion with his hand. These two were going to be easy pickins. <SEP> They couldnt have much dough but then none of the freight-bums Feathertop rolled had much. Besides the chick had a little something the others didnt have. <SEP> That was gon na be fun collecting But not just yet. Feathertop was a connoisseur. <SEP> He liked to savor his meat before he tasted it. Come sit he repeated motioning to the piled hay bags over the pig leavings. <SEP> Im just a poor ex-jazz man name of -- uh -- Boyd Smith. He grinned at them wolfishly. <SEP> That aint your name Mister the boy accused. You know -- youre right <SEP> Feathertop aimed a finger at him. Oh come on Cappy the girl chided. <SEP> Hes okay. Hes a nice guy. <SEP> She started to move toward the hay bags dragging the reluctant Cappy behind her. Feathertop watched the smooth scissoring of her slim trim legs as she walked to the bags and tucked them beneath her smoothing the skirt out in a wide circle. <SEP> He cleared his throat it had been a long hot while since hed seen anything as nice as this within grabbin distance. He had it all doped of course. <SEP> Slug the kid grab his dough -- at least enough to get to Philadelphia -- and then have a rockin ball with the doll. Hmm -- diddle Whered you come from Mr. -- uh -- Mr. Smith Kitty inquired politely. <SEP> Where from He mused. Out. I been riding train for a ways now. <SEP> They lapsed into silence and the freight wallowed up a hill scooted down the other side shaking and clanking to itself. After a while Kitty murmured something to Cappy and he held her close answering Well just have to wait till we pull into Philly honey. <SEP> Whats the matter she wan- na go the bathroom Ernie found it immensely funny. <SEP> The boy scowled at him and the girl looked shocked. No Certainly not I mean no that isnt what I said She snapped at him. <SEP> I only said I was hungry. We havent had anything to eat all day. <SEP> Joviality suffused Feathertop Ernie Cargills voice as he reached behind him pulling out a battered carpet bag with leather handles. Whynt ya say so fellow travelers <SEP> Why we got dinner right here. Cmon buddy help me set up the kitchen and well have food in a minute or two. <SEP> Cappy looked wary but he moved off the floorboards and followed the dirty ex-musician to the center of the refuse-littered boxcar. Ernie crouched and opened the carpet bag. <SEP> He took out a small packet filled with bits of charcoal a deep pot of thin metal some sheets of newspaper a book of matches and a wrinkled and many-times folded piece of tin foil with holes in it. He put the charcoal in the pot lit the paper with the matches and carefully stretched the tin foil across the top of the pot. <SEP> A charcoal pit man he said indicating the slightly-smoking makeshift brazier. Fan it he told Cappy handing him a sheet of newspaper. Yeah but whatre we gon na eat Charcoal <SEP> Fella Ernie waggled a dirty finger at the younger man you try my ever-lovin patience. He reached once more into the carpet bag and brought up a package of wieners. Hot dogs man. Not the greatest but they stick to your belly insides. <SEP> He ripped down the cellophane carefully and laid three dogs on the tin foil. Almost immediately they began to sizzle. <SEP> He looked up and grinned. A Krogers self-serve he explained. <SEP> I self-served. When they had licked the last of the wieners taste from their fingers they settled back and Cappy offered Ernie a cigarette. Nice kid Ernie thought too bad. <SEP> How come youre riding the rods kids like you Ernie asked. Cappy looked down at his wide hands and did not reply. <SEP> Surprisingly Kittys face came up and she said My father. He didnt want us to get married. <SEP> We ran away. Why didnt he want you to get hitched <SEP> This time even she did not answer. She looked down at her hands too. <SEP> After a few seconds she said Dad didnt like Cappy. It was my fault. <SEP> Cappys head came around sharply. Your fault hell It was all my fault. <SEP> If Id been careful it never woulda -- he stopped abruptly. Ernies eyebrows went up. <SEP> Whats the matter The girl still did not raise her eyes but she added simply Im pregnant. <SEP> Cappy raged at himself. Oh he was stupid her old man <SEP> You never heard nothin like it : Kittys gon na go have an abortion and Kittys gon na go away to a convent and Kittys this and Kittys that like he was nuts or somethin y know Ernie nodded. <SEP> This was a slightly different matter. He remembered Midge and the child. <SEP> That had been a time before all this a time he didnt think about. A time before the white lightning and the bumming had turned him inside out. These kids werent like him. Oh crap <SEP> He thought Pull out of it old son. These are just another couple of characters to roll. <SEP> What they got you get. Now forget all this other. <SEP> Wann- a drink Ernie offered taking the pint of sweet lucy from his jacket pocket. Yeah. Now that you offer. The answer came from the open door of the boxcar. From the man who had leaped in from the high bank outside as the train had slowed on the grade. <SEP> Ernie stared at the man. He was big. Real big with shoulders out to here and hair all over him like a grizzly. <SEP> Road gang Ernie thought. You gon na give me a drink fella <SEP> The big man asked again taking a step into the boxcar. Ernie hesitated a moment. <SEP> This character could break him in half. Sure he said and lifted the pint to his own lips. <SEP> He guzzled down three-quarters of the strong home-blend and proffered the remainder. The man stalked toward them his big boots heavy on the wooden flooring. <SEP> He took the bottle with undue belligerence and making sucking noises with his thick lips drained it completely. He threw his head back closed his eyes and belched ferociously. <SEP> He belched again and opening his eyes threw the bottle out the open door. Well now he said and reached into his pocket. <SEP> I didnt know I was gon na have company in this car. Were going to Philadelphia Kitty said pulling her skirt down around her legs all the more. <SEP> No I dont think so said the big man and it was the final clincher for Ernie. He had suspected this guy was trouble and now he was sure of it. <SEP> Maybe you and me will girlie but these two aint goin nowhere. He advanced on them and abruptly there was a shocked electricity in the car. <SEP> Ernie was screaming inside himself : No damn you you aint gon na take my meal ticket away from me The newcomer stalked toward them and Kitty shied back her hand to her mouth. <SEP> Her scream split up the silence of the car accompanied by the rattling of the freight and then Cappy came off the floor his legs driving him hard. The kid hit the bigger man with an audible thwump <SEP> carried him backward in a footballers tackle. They went down in a heap and for a long minute there was nothing to see but flailing arms and legs. <SEP> The kid showed for an instant and his arm was cocked back. The fist went down into the pile of flesh and Ernie heard the bigger mans deeper voice go Aaawww <SEP> Then they were tumbling again and the big man reached into the same pocket he had gone for earlier and came up with a vicious switchblade. He held the knife aloft an instant -- an instant enough to press the stud. <SEP> The blade came out with a snick He fisted the knife overhand and drew back to plunge it into the kids throat. <SEP> Kitty screamed insanely and her face was white. She grabbed at Feathertops sleeve and shrieked Help him <SEP> Help him Do something
cf28.txt:Replied punctually and enthusiastically : Rest assured that your accompanying Letter of Instructions shall be in the Letter and Spirit strictly complied with and most particularly in regard to that part of them relative to the completion of your noble and humane views. <SEP> Giffen lost no time in visiting the plantation. The slaves appeared to be in good health and at work under John Palfreys overseer. <SEP> An excellent crop was expected that year. William who lived in neighboring St. Marys parish had taken charge and decided that it would be best for all if the plantation were operated for another year. <SEP> Giffen advised acceptance of this plan citing the depressed market for land then prevailing and the large stock of provisions at the plantation. If sold then the land and improvements might bring only $ U. <SEP> Early in January he had a conference with Henry and William in New Orleans and upon learning of Gorhams intention Henry remonstrated calmly but firmly with his brother. The emancipation plan would not only be injurious to all the heirs he contended but would be a form of cruelty perpetrated on the hapless Negroes. <SEP> They were not capable of supporting themselves off the plantation and Louisiana law required their removal from the state. Gorham refused to accept money for slave property but did he realize how much expense and trouble the transportation of his Negroes to the North involved <SEP> The suggestion that Giffen hire out the slaves was not realistic since no planter would take the risk of having Negroes who knew they were to be free living with his own slaves. Henry hid his annoyance although both he and William were furious with their Yankee brother. <SEP> William who did not write to Gorham told Giffen that unless he could operate the plantation as usual for a year he would sue amicably to protect his interests. Palfrey was determined that his portion of the slaves be converted to wage laborers during the transition period before emancipation. <SEP> If William wished to continue operations for a year why not simply leave the Negroes undisturbed and pay them as high wages to remain there as are ever paid the labor of persons of their sex & age. A disposition to exert themselves for my benefit would perhaps be a motive with some of them to come into the scheme. <SEP> Their having family ties on our plantation & the adjoining one would be a stronger inducement. When he heard of his brothers anger Palfrey was still hopeful that they could be persuaded to accept his notion of paying wages. <SEP> If not he was willing to accede to Williams wishes in any way that did not block his ultimate aim. William was adamant on one point : under no circumstances would he allow the Negroes to remain on the plantation with his and Henrys slaves if they were told of their coming freedom. <SEP> Knowing the antipathy that existed in Louisiana against increasing the number of free Negroes Giffen suggested that Palfrey bring them to Boston at once and then send them on to Liberia. Lacking specific instructions he agreed to Williams condition. <SEP> In March there was a division of the slaves and Giffen carried out his instructions as nearly as possible. Of the fifty-two slaves Giffen succeeded in getting a lot of twenty twelve of whom were females. <SEP> I considered that your views would be best carried out he explained by taking women whose progeny will of course be free & more fully extend the philantrophy of Emancipation. I have also taken the old servants of your father as a matter of Conscience & Justice. <SEP> The ages of the slaves ranged from sixty-five for an old house servant to an unnamed newborn child. If Palfrey ever had any doubts about the wickedness of slavery they were put aside after he received an inventory of the slave property he had inherited. <SEP> This cold reckoning of human worth in a legal paper devoid of compassion or humanity was all he needed. Each human being known only by a given name had a cash value. <SEP> Old Sams sixty-five years had reduced his value to $ U Rose a twelve-year-old with child-bearing potential was worth $ U. In rejecting any claim to the value of the slave property Palfrey was giving up close to $ U. <SEP> Palfreys brothers each received lots of sixteen Negroes and for bookkeeping purposes it was agreed that all lots were to be valued at $. U. Thus twenty black souls were to remain ignorant of their imminent journey to the land of free men. <SEP> Giffen extracted one concession from William : the house servants could be free at any time Gorham thought expedient. Despite Giffens warning Palfrey still had plans for freeing his slaves in Louisiana. <SEP> Yet even if he could get the necessary approval fourteen of his Negroes could not be manumitted without special permission. According to state law a slave had to be at least thirty years old before he could be freed. <SEP> Palfrey petitioned the state legislature to waive the requirement. Otherwise freedom would mean removal from the state in which as the place of their past residence from birth or for many years it would be materially for their advantage to be at liberty to remain. <SEP> On March the Louisiana legislature voted unanimously to table the petition. News of the legislative veto appeared in the New Orleans papers and Henry and William became incensed by the fact that they had not been told of the attempt in advance. <SEP> Henry stormed into Giffens office waving a copy of the New Orleans Courier shouting that the emancipation scheme had become a public affair and that it would reach the Ears of the People on the Plantation and make them restless & unhappy. His brothers anger caused Palfrey genuine concern for he had imposed a dual mission upon himself : to free his slaves and to keep the family from falling apart over the issue. <SEP> When Giffen decided to charge him interest on the loan from John Palfrey Gorham readily assented vowing that in a matter of dollars and cents his brothers would never have any cause to complain of him. In view of these difficulties Palfrey decided to go to Louisiana. <SEP> Giffen had already urged him to journey south if only for a few days to clear up matters. His duties as Massachusetts Secretary of State obliged him to wait until the adjournment of the legislature in mid-April. <SEP> Palfrey told his wife of his intentions for the first time and left for New Orleans apprehensively invoking a special blessing of Providence that he might be allowed to see his family again. During his journey Palfrey stopped off to see two abolitionists. <SEP> In both cases he desired information about placing the freedmen in homes once they arrived in the North. In New York Lydia Maria Child welcomed him enthusiastically : I have lately heard of you from the Legislature of Louisiana and felt joy at your public recognition of the brotherhood of man. <SEP> Mrs. Child who had once apologized for sending editor Palfrey a book on slavery now confided that she had helped one of Henry Palfreys slaves escape to Canada some years before but asked him not to advertise the fact in Louisiana. She agreed to take charge of five or six of the Negroes should Palfrey decide to send them north immediately. <SEP> At Lexington Kentucky Palfrey consulted with Cassius M. Clay on the same subject but with no apparent result. Despite his apprehensions about his personal safety Palfreys reception in New Orleans was more than cordial. <SEP> Instead of the expected annoyances due to the nature of his mission he received many calling cards and invitations from gentlemen of mark on whom I had no sort of claim & have had many more invitations than I could accept. He later told abolitionist Edmund Quincy of the marked attention and civility with which the New Orleans gentlemen and the upriver planters greeted him. <SEP> The memory of this southern hospitality did not survive the trials of coming antislavery years and Civil War. Palfreys autobiography contains a melodramatic account of two perilous days spent among the planters of Attakapas many of whom were coarse & passionate people much excited by what they heard of my plans. <SEP> He proceeded with his task bravely -- in his memoirs at least -- before the passions of my neighbors should have time to boil too high. Palfrey had already made up his mind that he would allow the men but not the women to choose freely whether or not to go North for freedom. <SEP> The women by remaining behind condemned their children born and unborn to bondage. He had a short private talk with each adult slave. <SEP> Only one objected but Palfrey soon convinced him that he ought to go with the others. All the slaves joined in requesting that they be allowed to delay their departure until the end of the planting season so that they could get in their own little produce. <SEP> Palfrey agreed the slaves were to remain as wage laborers for his account. Williams threat that under no conditions would he allow freedom-conscious slaves to mix with his own was not carried out for the plantation continued in operation as before. <SEP> Palfrey returned to Massachusetts greatly relieved to have made an arrangement so satisfactory to my judgment & my conscience. From Cambridge Palfrey maintained a close interest in the welfare of his slaves. <SEP> In fact as the time for their departure approached his solicitousness increased. Should any slave change his mind and request to leave earlier Giffen was to provide passage at once. <SEP> When a sailing date of March was finally established Palfrey made sure that the Negroes would have comfortable quarters in New Orleans and aboard ship. Giffen assured him that the captain and his mate had personally promised to treat the Negroes with consideration. <SEP> Palfrey was also concerned about the question of what wage to pay for their labor throughout. The plantation was sold in January and Palfrey thought the new owner ought to pay his people two months wages. <SEP> Giffen suggested fifty dollars as fair compensation for a years work the new owner at Attakapas declined to enter into any philanthropic arrangement. On March the bark Bashaw weighed anchor at New Orleans while on the levee Henry and William Palfrey waved farewell to their fathers former chattels who must have looked back at the receding shore with mingled regret and jubilation. <SEP> Not all of Palfreys slaves were aboard the Bashaw. Giffen had advised that it would not be too difficult to obtain freedom locally for the old house servants. <SEP> Two of these were included in Palfreys lot. Giffen filed a petition for permission to emancipate four slaves -LRB- all more than fifty years old -RRB- with the St. Martins Parish Police Jury. <SEP> After an initial rejection which he attributed to a general Excitement against Abolition and Emancipation Giffen bribed the right individuals on the jury and got the permission without further delay. When the Negroes landed at Boston a month later they were of course no longer slaves. <SEP> Slavery was prohibited in Massachusetts by the terms of the constitution of which declared all men are born free and equal. Nevertheless Palfrey arranged a religious ceremony at Kings Chapel to formalize the emancipation. <SEP> An eyewitness recalled how awkward the red-turbaned colored women appeared as they curtseyed in the church doorway and the diffidence the former slaves displayed while they listened to the few words that declared them free. Once the question of emancipation was settled to Palfreys satisfaction he faced a real problem in placing the freedmen in suitable homes as servants. <SEP> Palfrey tried fruitlessly to place a Negro boy in the Hopedale Community but he had better luck in his other attempts. Mrs. Child true to her word helped place Anna and her four children with a Quaker family named Hathaway near Canandaigua New York. <SEP> This group had been Palfreys greatest worry since Anna was in bad health and her children were too young to work for their keep.
cg10.txt:North and the South were in greater agreement on sovereignty through all their dispute about it than were the Founding Fathers. <SEP> The truth in their conflicting concepts was expounded by statesmen of the calibre of Webster and Calhoun and defended in the end by leaders of the nobility of Lincoln and Lee. The people everywhere had grown meanwhile in devotion to basic democratic principles in understanding of and belief in the federal balance and in love of their Union. <SEP> Repeated efforts -- beginning with the Missouri Compromise of -- were made by such master moderates as Clay and Douglas to resolve the difference peacefully by compromise rather than clear thought and timely action. Even so confusion in this period gained such strength -LRB- from compromise and other factors -RRB- that it led to the bloodiest war of the Nineteenth century. <SEP> Nothing can show more than this the immensity of the danger to democratic peoples that lies in even relatively slight deviation from their true concept of sovereignty. The present issue in Atlantica -- whether to transform an alliance of sovereign nations into a federal union of sovereign citizens -- resembles the American one of - rather than the one that was resolved by Civil War. <SEP> And so I would only touch upon it now -LRB- much as I have long wanted to write a book about it -RRB-. I think it is essential however to pinpoint here the difference between the two concepts of sovereignty that went to war in -- if only to see better how imperative is our need today to clarify completely our far worse confusion on this subject. <SEP> The difference came down to this : The Southern States insisted that the United States was in last analysis what its name implied -- a Union of States. To their leaders the Constitution was a compact made by the people of sovereign states who therefore retained the right to secede from it. <SEP> This right of the State its upholders contended was essential to maintain the federal balance and protect the liberty of the people from the danger of centralizing power in the Union government. The champions of the Union maintained that the Constitution had formed fundamentally the united people of America that it was a compact among sovereign citizens rather than states and that therefore the states had no right to secede though the citizens could. <SEP> Writing to Speed on August Lincoln made the latter point clear. In homely terms whose timeliness is startling today he thus declared his own right to secede. <SEP> We began by declaring that all men are created equal. We now practically read it all men are created equal except Negroes. <SEP> When the Know-nothings get control it will read All men are created equal except Negroes and foreigners and Catholics. When it comes to this I shall prefer emigrating to some country where they make no pretence of loving liberty -- to Russia for instance where despotism can be taken pure without the base alloy of hypocrisy -LRB- His emphasis -RRB-. When the Southern States exercised their right to secede they formed what they officially styled The Confederate States of America. <SEP> Dictionaries as we have seen still cite this government along with the Articles of Confederation of as an example of a confederacy. The fact is that the Southern Confederacy differed from the earlier one almost as much as the Federal Constitution did. <SEP> The Confederate Constitution copied much of the Federal Constitution verbatim and most of the rest in substance. It operated on by and for the people individually just as did the Federal Constitution. <SEP> It made substantially the same division of power between the central and state governments and among the executive legislative and judicial branches. The difference between confederacy and federal union in Many believe -- and understandably -- that the great difference between the Constitution of the Southern Confederacy and the Federal Constitution was that the former recognized the right of each state to secede. <SEP> Though each of its members had asserted this right against the Union the final Constitution which the Confederacy signed on March -- nearly a month before hostilities began -- included no explicit provision authorizing a state to secede. Its drafters discussed this vital point but left it out of their Constitution. <SEP> Their President Jefferson Davis interpreted their Constitution to mean that it admits of no coerced association but this remained so doubtful that there were frequent demands that the right to secede be put into the Constitution. The Constitution of the Southern Confederation differed from that of the Federal Union only in two important respects : It openly defiantly recognized slavery -- an institution which the Southerners of even though they continued it found so impossible to reconcile with freedom that they carefully avoided mentioning the word in the Federal Constitution. <SEP> They recognized that slavery was a moral issue and not merely an economic interest and that to recognize it explicitly in their Constitution would be in explosive contradiction to the concept of sovereignty they had set forth in the Declaration of that all men are created equal that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights that among them are life liberty and the pursuit of happiness. The other important difference between the two Constitutions was that the President of the Confederacy held office for six -LRB- instead of four -RRB- years and was limited to one term. <SEP> These are not however differences in federal structure. The only important differences from that standpoint between the two Constitutions lies in their Preambles. <SEP> The one of made clear that in making their government the people were acting through their states whereas the Preamble of - expressed as clearly as language can the opposite concept that they were acting directly as citizens. Here are the two Preambles : Federal Constitution we the People of the United States in order to form a more perfect Union establish Justice insure domestic Tranquility provide for the common Defence promote the general Welfare and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America. Confederate Constitution We the people of the Confederate States each state acting in its sovereign and independent character in order to form a permanent federal government establish justice insure domestic tranquility and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity -- invoking the favor and the guidance of Almighty God -- do ordain and establish this Constitution for the Confederate States of America. <SEP> One is tempted to say that on the difference between the concepts of sovereignty in these two preambles the worst war of the Nineteenth century was fought. Though the Southern States when drafting a constitution to unite themselves narrowed the difference to this fine point by omitting to assert the right to secede the fact remained that by seceding from the Union they had already acted on the concept that it was composed primarily of sovereign states. <SEP> If the Union conceded this to them the same right must be conceded to each remaining state whenever it saw fit to secede : This would destroy the federal balance between it and the states and in the end sacrifice to the sovereignty of the states all the liberty the citizens had gained by their Union. Lincoln saw that the act of secession made the issue for the Union a vital one : Whether it was a Union of sovereign citizens that should continue to live or an association of sovereign states that must fall prey either to anarchy or despotism. <SEP> Much as he abhorred slavery Lincoln was always willing to concede to each slave state the right to decide independently whether to continue or end it. Though his election was interpreted by many Southerners as the forerunner of a dangerous shift in the federal balance in favor of the Union Lincoln himself proposed no such change in the rights the Constitution gave the states. <SEP> After the war began he long refused to permit emancipation of the slaves by Union action even in the Border States that stayed with the Union. He issued his Emancipation Proclamation only when he felt that necessity left him no other way to save the Union. <SEP> In his Message of December he put his purpose and his policy in these words -- which I would call the Lincoln Law of Liberty-and-Union : In giving freedom to the slave we assure freedom to the free. What Lincoln could not concede was that the states rather than the people were sovereign in the Union. <SEP> He fought to the end to preserve it as a government of the people by the people for the people. The truth on each side won in the civil war <SEP> The fact that the Americans who upheld the sovereignty of their states did this in order to keep many of their people more securely in slavery -- the antithesis of individual liberty -- made the conflict grimmer and the greater. Out of this ordeal the citizen emerged in the South as in the North as Americas true sovereign in a new birth of freedom as Lincoln promised. <SEP> Before this came about Americans had given their lives in battle for the two concepts of the sovereign rights of men and of states. On their decisive battlefield Lincoln did not distinguish between them when he paid tribute to the brave men living and dead who fought here. <SEP> He understood that both sides were at fault and he reached the height of saying so explicitly in his Second Inaugural. To my knowledge Lincoln remains the only Head of State and Commander-in-Chief who while fighting a fearful war whose issue was in doubt proved man enough to say this publicly -- to give his foe the benefit of the fact that in all human truth there is some error and in all our error some truth. <SEP> So great a man could not but understand too that the thing that moves men to sacrifice their lives is not the error of their thought which their opponents see and attack but the truth which the latter do not see -- any more than they see the error which mars the truth they themselves defend. It is much less difficult now than in Lincolns day to see that on both sides sovereign Americans had given their lives in the Civil War to maintain the balance between the powers they had delegated to the States and to their Union. <SEP> They differed in the balance they believed essential to the sovereignty of the citizen -- but the supreme sacrifice each made served to maintain a still more fundamental truth : That individual life liberty and happiness depend on a right balance between the two -- and on the limitation of sovereignty in all its aspects which this involves. The Americans who gave the last full measure of devotion to prevent disunion preserved individual freedom in the United States from the dangers of anarchy inherent in confederations which throughout history have proved fatal in the end to all associations composed primarily of sovereign states and to the liberties of their people. <SEP> The fact that other Americans gave the same measure of devotion to an opposing concept served Liberty-and-Union in other essential ways. Its appeal from ballots to bullets at Fort Sumter ended by costing the Southerners their right to have slaves -- a right that was even less compatible with the sovereignty of man. <SEP> The very fact that they came so near to winning by the wrong method war led directly to their losing both the war and the wrong thing they fought for since it forced Lincoln to free their slaves as a military measure. There was a divine justice in one wrong thus undoing another. <SEP> There was also a lesson one that has served ever since to keep Americans in their conflicts with one another from turning from the ballot to the bullet. Though the Southern States lost the worst errors in their case they did not lose the truth they fought for. <SEP> The lives so many of them gave to forestall what they believed would be a fatal encroachment by the Union on the powers reserved to their states have continued ever since to safeguard all Americans against freedoms other foe.
cl09.txt:Long nose unexpectedly wrinkled up. <SEP> Happened to be in the hall Happened to hear you quarrel about her <SEP> Oh well you cant really blame Lolotte. She lost her beau to you. <SEP> But she was talking of Emile when she saw the black line of the open door Sarah remembered it clearly. Maude went on. <SEP> Ive got to get busy. Miss Celies taken to her bed with the door locked. <SEP> She opened it an inch and poked out the keys for me to give you. Here -- She thrust a bundle of keys strung on a thick red cord into Sarahs hand. Not that theres much use in locking up the smokehouse and the storehouse now. Drink your coffee -- coffee. <SEP> Its -- cold. Maude suddenly looked quite capable of pouring it down her throat. <SEP> I dont want it Sarah said firmly. Oh. Well -- Ill take it down with me as I go. <SEP> Maude swooped up the cup and hiked up her top hoop as if about to take off with a racing start. At the door she turned back her Roman nose looking very long now and satiric. <SEP> I forgot. Ben and Lucien have gone after them. <SEP> Its just like that book your Northern friend wrote -- except there arent any ice floes to cross and no bloodhounds. I dont know Mrs. Stowe. <SEP> What can they do if they find them They cant do anything. <SEP> Its silly childish running after them like that. I told Ben so. <SEP> Of course the paterollers wont be of any help not with everything so upset and that Yankee cavalry outfit they say is running around God knows where. She had swished away she had been gone for a long time probably when Sarah suddenly realized that she ought to stop her pour out the coffee so no one would drink it. <SEP> Then the so-called coffee was bad enough at best cold it was all but undrinkable -- especially that cup She was deeply horribly sure that Lucien had filled it with opium. <SEP> She had quarreled with Lucien she had resisted his demands for money -- and if she died by the provisions of her marriage contract Lucien would inherit legally not only the immediate sum of gold under the floorboards in the office but later when the war was over her fathers entire estate. She felt cold and hot sticky and chilly at the same time. <SEP> Now wait a minute she told herself think about it Lucien is not the only person in this house who could have put opium in that coffee. She had lost a bottle of opium -- but that was on the trip from New Orleans. <SEP> Someone had taken it during her first day at Honotassa. Yes she had missed it after her talk with Emile after dinner just before Emile was shot. <SEP> Rilly or Glendora had entered her room while she slept bringing back her washed clothes. Somebody else could have come in too -- then or later while she was out of the room. <SEP> It would have been easy to identify as opium by its odor. It was not very reasonable to believe that Lucien had procured unprocurable opium and come back to Honotassa with a formed plan to murder her. <SEP> He didnt even know that she was there. And he certainly couldnt have guessed that she would resist his demand for the gold or that she was not the yielding -- yes and credible fool he had every right to expect. <SEP> No he had been surprised unpleasantly surprised but surprised. Then somebody else Dont question Rev had said dont invite danger. <SEP> Her skin crawled : Lolotte had told Maude that she was in the hall and the door was open. Sarah had begun to tell Lucien of Emile she had begun to question and a little draft had crept across the room from the bedroom door open barely enough to show a rim of blackness in the hall. <SEP> Lolotte -- or anybody -- could have listened and that somebody could have already been supplied with the missing bottle of opium. That was not reasonable either. <SEP> The opium had disappeared before Emiles death and whoever shot him could not by any stretch of the imagination have foreseen Sarahs own doubts and suspicions -- and questions. She began to doubt whether there had been in fact a lethal dose of opium in the cup. <SEP> Suppose somebody only wished to frighten her so she would leave Honotassa That made a certain amount of logic. <SEP> Added to the argument was the fact that while she might have tasted the coffee if it had been still hot she might even have drunk some of it she wouldnt have taken enough to kill her for she would have been warned by its taste. No. It was merely an attempt to frighten her. <SEP> She wouldnt go back to New York as Maude suggested she wouldnt run like a scared cat. Well shed be very careful. <SEP> She dressed and the accustomed routine restored to her a sense of normal everyday life. But before she left her room she dug into her big moire bag took out the envelope holding her marriage contract and the wax seal had been broken. <SEP> Somebody else knew what would happen to her fathers money if she died. Rev had known all along. <SEP> Rev didnt need to break the wax seal read the contract and find out. He could conceivably have wished to make sure Rev loved Honotassa it was like a part of his breath and body Rev had stressed the need for money. <SEP> Rev would never have tried to give her poison She thrust the envelope back in the bag there was no point in locking it up in the armoire now it was like locking the barn after the horse was stolen. <SEP> In all likelihood by now there was more than one person in the house who knew the terms of her marriage contract. There was no point either in telling herself again what a fool shed been. <SEP> She went downstairs and received another curious shock for when Glendora flapped into the dining room in her homemade moccasins Sarah asked her when she had brought coffee to her room and Glendora said she hadnt. Too much work this morning Miss Sarah -- everybody gone like that -- Sarah swallowed past another kind of constriction in her throat. <SEP> Well then who brought it Miss Maude. She come to the kitchen and say she take it up to you. <SEP> Glendora put down a dish of lukewarm rice. Not much breakfast this morning. I dont know what were going to do Miss Sarah. <SEP> Weve got to eat Sarah said curtly because a chill crawled over her again. Maude Glendora flapped away. <SEP> The rice wasnt dosed with opium indeed it had no taste at all not a grain of salt. She ate what she could and went out along the covered passageway with the rain dripping from the vines. <SEP> In the kitchen Glendora was despairingly picking chickens. Get a basket Sarah told her. <SEP> Well go to the storehouse. Glendora dropped a chicken and a flurry of feathers and went with her through the drizzle to the storehouse. <SEP> Sarah found the right key and unlocked the door. It was a long low room like a root cellar for it was banked up with soil and vines had run rampant over that too. <SEP> It was dark but dry and cool. She doled out what Glendora vaguely guessed were the right amounts of dried peas eggs cornmeal a little salt. <SEP> The shelves looked emptier than when Miss Celie had shown her the storeroom and since the men from the Commissary had called there were certainly now fewer mouths to feed but there was less to feed them with. She took Glendora to the smokehouse unlocked it and saw with satisfaction there was still a quantity of hams and sides of bacon hanging from the smoke-stained rafters. <SEP> They wouldnt go hungry not yet. The fields were green and growing. <SEP> You possibly imagine what life is going to be like here Maude had said. Maude. <SEP> She sent Glendora back to the house her basket and her apron laden. She stood for a moment rain dripping from the trees over her head thinking of Maude. <SEP> Maude had the opportunity to take the bottle of opium from Sarahs room. Maude had the cool ruthlessness to do whatever she made up her mind to do. <SEP> She couldnt see how her death could affect Maude. She couldnt see any reason why Maude would attempt to frighten her. <SEP> Besides there was something hysterical and silly something almost childish about an attempt to frighten her. Maude was neither hysterical nor silly and Sarah rather doubted if she had ever been childish. <SEP> Yet Maude had suggested that Sarah return to New York. Maude could have shot Emile -- if shed had a reason to kill him. <SEP> There was no use in standing there in the drizzle trying to find a link between Emiles murder and opium in a cup of coffee. She started back for the house saw a light in the office opened the door and surprised a domestic little scene which was far outside the dark realm of murder or attempted murder. <SEP> Rev George and Lolotte were mending shoes. A lighted lamp stood on the table that dusky drizzling day. <SEP> They were all three bent over a shabby riding boot George had a tack hammer. Lolotte held a patch of leather Rev steadied something a tiny brad waiting for Georges poised hammer. <SEP> George said First thing I do when I get to Vicksburg again is get me a Yankee -- With boots on Lolotte laughed softly. Rev looked up and saw her. <SEP> Lolotte looked up and stiffened. George didnt look up at all. <SEP> There was no way to know no way to guess whether any one of them was surprised at Sarahs appearance believing her to be drugged and senseless -- and just possibly dead. Rev said Come in Sarah. <SEP> Reckon you know the news. What news Sarah thought as satirically as Maude might have said it. <SEP> Revs face was suddenly a little fixed and questioning. He turned to George and Lolotte. <SEP> Take your cobblers shop somewhere else. I want to talk to Sarah. Everything in the office the spreading circle of lamplight the patch of leather in Lolottes hands. <SEP> George poised with the tack hammer the homely everyday atmosphere all denied an attempt at murder. A rush of panic caught Sarah. No. Not now. <SEP> I mean Ive got to -- to see to the kitchen. Glendora -- Her words jumbled together and she all but ran from the office and from the question in Revs face. <SEP> Now why did I do that She thought as warm drizzling rain touched her face. <SEP> She was no schoolgirl refusing to bear tales. As she reached the kitchen door the answer presented itself if she told anyone of the opium it must be Lucien her husband. <SEP> It might be indeed it had already proved to be a marriage without love but it was marriage. She couldnt choose Rev as a confidant it must be Lucien. <SEP> Always provided that Lucien himself had not dosed her coffee with opium she thought as coldly and sharply again as Maude might have said it. She paused at the kitchen door caught her breath told herself firmly that the opium was only an attempt to frighten her and went into the kitchen where Glendora was eyeing the chickens dismally and Maude was cleaning lamp chimneys. <SEP> Glendora gave a gulp. Miss Sarah I cant cut up no chicken. <SEP> Miss Maude say she wont. Again the homely everyday details of daily living refuted a vicious attempt to frighten her -- or to murder her. <SEP> The homely everyday details of living and domestic requirements also pressed upon her with their immediate urgency. No matter what had happened or hadnt happened somebody had to see about dinner. <SEP> She eyed the chickens with if she had known it something of Glendoras dismal look and thought with a certain fury of the time she had spent on Latin verbs.
cn14.txt:No larger than Dutch Springs this mining supply town had the appearance of being far busier and more prosperous. <SEP> Men crowded the streets and freight rigs and teams were moving about. Although they were forced to maintain a sharper watch this activity enabled them to ride in and rack their broncs without any particular attention being paid them. <SEP> Gypll be holdin forth in some bar if hes here at all Cobb declared glancing along the street as they stretched their legs. There were no less than six or seven saloons in Ganado not counting the lower class dives all vying for the trade of celebrating miners and teamsters. <SEP> Pat only nodded. Take one side of the street and Ill take the other he proposed. <SEP> If you spot Carmer give a yell before you move in. Cobbs assent was tight. <SEP> You do the same. Its all I ask Stevens. <SEP> Separating they took different sides of the main drag and systematically combed the bars. Russ visited two places without result and his blood pressure was down to zero. <SEP> Suddenly it seemed to him insane that they might hope to locate Gyp Carmer so casually even were he to prove the thief. He tramped out of the Miners Rest with his hopes plummeting and headed doggedly for the Palace Saloon the last place of any consequence on this side of the street. <SEP> The Palace was an elaborate establishment built practically on stilts in front with long flights of wooden steps running up to the porch. Behind its ornate facade the notorious dive clung like a birds nest to the rocky ribs of the canyonside. <SEP> Russ ran up the steps quickly to the plank porch. The front windows of the place were long and narrow reaching nearly to the floor and affording an unusually good view of the interior. <SEP> Heading for the batwings Cobb glanced perfunctorily through the nearest window and suddenly dodged aside. Nerves tight as a bowstring he paused to gather his wits. <SEP> Against all expectation Carmer was inside clearly enjoying himself to the hilt and already so tipsy that it seemed unlikely he was bothering to note anything or anyone about him. Fierce anger surged through Russ. <SEP> He fought down the impulse to rush in and collar the vicious puncher on the spot. Reaching the porch rail beyond view of the bar windows he feverishly scanned the busy street below. <SEP> Stevens was nowhere in sight. Muffling an exclamation Russ sprang to the nearest steps and ran down. <SEP> As luck had it he had not gone twenty feet in the street before Pat appeared. What luck Cobb He said swiftly. <SEP> Russ pointed upward. Hes there he got out tersely curbing his rising excitement. <SEP> Hitching his cartridge belt around Pat glanced upward briefly at the Palace and started that way with Cobb at his side. Climbing the steps steadily they reached the top and headed for the door. <SEP> Pat pushed through first. Forced behind him momentarily Russ followed at once and halted two steps inside. <SEP> His eyes widened. While five minutes ago the place had presented a scene of easy revelry with Gyp Carmer a prominent figure it was now as somnolent and dull as the day before payday. <SEP> Carmer himself was nowhere to be seen. A man knocked the roulette ball about idly in its track and another dozed at one of the card tables. <SEP> Two men murmured with their heads together at the end of the bar while the sleek-headed bartender absently polished a glass. Looking the setup over Stevens started coolly for the rear of the place. <SEP> Where yuh goin It was the barkeep. <SEP> Halting Pat turned to survey him deliberately. He did not reply going on toward the back. <SEP> Less assured than the tall wide-shouldered man in the lead Cobb followed alertly a hand on his gun butt. The bartender measured this situation with heavy eyes and decided he wanted no part of it. <SEP> He said no more. A hall opened in back of the bar running toward an ell. <SEP> Pat moved into it. Small rooms probably for cards opened off on either side. <SEP> All the doors were open at this hour except one and it was toward this that Stevens made his way with Russ close at his shoulder. The door was locked. <SEP> A single kick made it spring open shuddering. Pat saw Gyp Carmer staggering forward a half-filled bottle upraised as if to strike. <SEP> Russ sprang through to bat it nimbly aside. With a bellow Carmer lunged at him. <SEP> But he was more than half-drunk and his faculties were dulled. Cobb unleashed a single powerful jab that sent Gyp reeling wildly and crashing down with a whining groan. <SEP> He started to struggle up heaving desperately. Russ gave him a brutal thrust that tumbled him over flat on his stomach. <SEP> Kneeling Cobb planted a sturdy knee in the small of his back holding him pinned. Okay Stevens. Ive drawn his fangs he snapped. <SEP> Go through his pockets will you If we have to well take him apart and see what hes made of <SEP> Complying methodically Pat pulled pocket after pocket inside out without finding a thing. Cobb watched this with hunted eyes his desperate hope waning by the moment. <SEP> Stevens was grunting over the last empty pocket when Russ abruptly rose and lunged toward Carmers hat which had tumbled half-a-dozen feet away when he first fell. Cobb got it. <SEP> Straightening up his eyes ablaze he held out the battered Stetson. Look at this <SEP> Inside the crown stuffed behind the stained sweatband could be seen thin crumpled wads of currency. Carmers ingenious cache for his loot had been found. <SEP> By golly Stevens You were right Russ exclaimed tearing the loose bills out of Carmers hat. That is if we can be sure this is Colcords money -- Pat grunted. <SEP> Where else would he get it Count what youve got there Cobb. <SEP> We can soon tell. Russ ran through the bills and named an amount it was highly unlikely any cowpuncher would come by honestly. <SEP> Pat nodded. Its within a hundred of what Crip had he declared. <SEP> We know Penny spent some -- and Carmer must have dropped a few dollars getting that load on. Handing the money over Russ wiped his hands on his pants-legs as if ridding himself of something unclean. <SEP> His glance at Gyp Carmer was disdainful. We get out of here <SEP> Leaving the card room they moved back through the Palace the way they had come. Glowering looks met them in the bar but there was no attempt to halt them. <SEP> Pausing in the outside door to glance behind him Pat looked his unspoken warning and stepped out. He and Cobb clattered down the high steps to the street. <SEP> Neither spoke till they reached their horses. Pat paused there looking across at the young fellow. <SEP> Itll be a pleasure for you to return this money to Colcord and tell him about it Russ. He started to return it. <SEP> To his faint surprise Russ held up his hand. Not me he ruled decidedly. <SEP> Ive had enough. It was you that tracked it down anyway Stevens he pursued strictly. <SEP> Ill shove along home. Whatever you say. <SEP> Pat swung into the saddle yet still he delayed his brows puckered. You owe it to Penny to give her a chance to explain that she was defending you really he observed mildly. <SEP> Old Crip wasnt retorted Cobb tartly. Hell know when you tell him. <SEP> I want this to sink in awhile. Then maybe next time he wont be so quick on the trigger. <SEP> Pat had never pretended to give advice in such affairs. Youre the doctor he returned with a smile. <SEP> I still think Pennys an awful nice girl Russ -- You dont have to tell me flashed Cobb. <SEP> Giving the other a dark look he hauled his bronc around and trotted down off the street. Pat let him go following more leisurely. <SEP> At the first restaurant he sensibly pulled up to go in for his dinner and as a consequence did not see Cobb strike the open range at the mouth of the canyon and head straight across the swells for Antler. The truth was the puncher was both bewildered and dismayed by his own mixed luck. <SEP> Pennys always glad to see me over there he mused bleakly. Yet had he not visited the girl at Saw Buck he would never have been involved in this latest tangle. <SEP> Over and above that however was his growing suspicion of Chuck Stobers part in recent events. Gyp Carmer couldnt have known about Colcords money unless he was told -- and who else would have told him He asked himself. <SEP> Its the second time War Ax hands made a play for that money. How much of an accident could that be <SEP> Nearing home he jerked to attention at the distant crack of a gun. In town no one paid much attention to an occasional shot but on the range gunfire had a meaning. <SEP> Hauling up Russ listened carefully. Two minutes later it came again -- a double explosion followed by a third sounding more distant. <SEP> As near as Cobb could determine the shots came from the direction of the Antler ranch house. He tightened up in a twinkling. <SEP> So far as he knew only his father could be there. What did it mean <SEP> Clapping spurs to the bronc he set off at a sharp canter with growing alarm. His first glimpse of the ranch house across the brushy swells told him nothing. <SEP> Still a quarter-mile away the fresh clap of guns only served to increase his speed. Setting a course straight for the house he was covering ground fast when an angry bee buzzed past close to his face. <SEP> When it was followed by a second whining even closer Cobb swerved sharply aside into a depression. He knew now what he was up against. <SEP> Whoever was out there hiding in the brushy cover was besieging the Antler house and having spotted his approach was determined to drive him off before he could get into the fight. Cursing himself for having ridden out the last few days without a rifle in his saddle boot Russ drew his Colt and examined it briefly. <SEP> If he wondered whether the attackers would allow him to pull away unmolested he had his answer a moment later. Over this way He aint gone far <SEP> A harsh cry floated to him across the brush. A carbine cracked more loudly and a slug clipped fragments from the brush off at one side. <SEP> The would-be assassin had his position figured pretty close. Dismounting Russ looked about hastily. <SEP> Toward the west this depression led toward a draw. Leading his pony he hurried that way not remounting till he was well below the level of the surrounding range. <SEP> Swinging up then and bending forward over the horn he urged his mount down the meandering draw. He had not covered a hundred yards before a gun crashed from somewhere behind. He had been sighted and his attacker pumping shot after shot. <SEP> A shot or two went wild before Cobb felt something tug at his foot. A slug had torn half of his stirrup-guard away. <SEP> A second twitched his shirtsleeve and he felt a brief burn on his upper arm. Another snarled close overhead. Jumping Jerusalem <SEP> Lets get out of here At the first shot Russ had hurled his mount to the left toward the side of the winding draw. <SEP> The long minute before he reached effective cover seemed endless. Sweeping a look around he saw that he was safe for the moment. <SEP> He heard cries from behind him but he could make out no words. He dashed madly for the next elbow turn in the draw and made it. <SEP> Recklessly hurling the bronc sidewise into an intersecting draw he plunged forward with undiminished speed. Gradually the wash climbed upward forcing him toward open range. <SEP> Yet he must chance it. He clambered out of the dwindling wash the loose dirt flying behind him and flashed a look about.
cf16.txt:April the sturdy little three-masted bark Discovery weighed anchor in St. Katherines Pool London and floated down the Thames toward the sea. <SEP> She carried besides her captain a crew of twenty-one and provisions for a voyage of exploration of the Arctic waters of North America. Seventeen months later on September an Irish fishing boat sighted the Discovery limping eastward outside Galway Bay. <SEP> When she reached port she was found to have on board only eight men all near starvation. The captain was gone and the mate was gone. <SEP> The man who now commanded her had started the voyage as an ordinary seaman. What disaster struck the Discovery during those seventeen months <SEP> What happened to the fourteen missing men These questions have remained one of the great sea mysteries of all time. <SEP> For hundreds of years the evidence available consisted of -LRB- -RRB- the captains fragmentary journal -LRB- -RRB- a highly prejudiced account by one of the survivors -LRB- -RRB- a note found in a dead mans desk on board and -LRB- -RRB- several second-hand reports. All told they offered a highly confused picture. <SEP> Since researchers digging into ancient court records and legal files have been able to find illuminating pieces of information. Not enough to do away with all doubts but sufficient to give a fairly accurate picture of the events of the voyage. Historians have had two reasons for persisting so long in their investigations. <SEP> First they wanted to clarify a tantalizing bizarre enigma. Second they believed it important to determine the fate of the captain -- a man whose name is permanently stamped on our maps on American towns and counties on a great American river and on half a million square miles of Arctic seas. The name : Henry Hudson. <SEP> This is the story of his last tragic voyage as nearly as we are able -- or ever probably will be able -- to determine : The sailing in the spring of was Hudsons fourth in four years. Each time his objective had been the same -- a direct water passage from Western Europe to the Far East. <SEP> In and the English Muscovy Company had sent him northward to look for a route over the North Pole or across the top of Russia. Twice he had failed and the Muscovy Company indicated it would not back him again. <SEP> In the Dutch East India Company hired Hudson gave him two learned geographers fitted him out with a ship called the Half Moon and supplied him with Dutch sailors. This time he turned westward to the middle Atlantic coast of North America. <SEP> His chief discovery was important -- the Great North -LRB- later the Hudson -RRB- River -- but it produced no northwest passage. When the Half Moon put in at Dartmouth England in the fall of word of Hudsons findings leaked out and English interest in him revived. <SEP> The government forbade Hudson to return to Amsterdam with his ship. He thereupon went to London and spent the winter talking to men of wealth. <SEP> By springtime he was supported by a rich merchant syndicate under the patronage of Henry Prince of Wales. He had obtained and provisioned a veteran ship called the Discovery and had recruited a crew of twenty-one the largest he had ever commanded. <SEP> The purpose of this fourth voyage was clear. A century of exploration had established that a great land mass North and South America lay between Europe and the Indies. <SEP> One by one the openings in the coast that promised a passage through had been explored and discarded. In fact Hudsons sail up the Great North River had disposed of one of the last hopes. <SEP> There remained one mysterious unexplored gap far to the north. Nearly twenty-five years before Captain John Davis had noted as he sailed near the Arctic Circle a very great gulf the water whirling and roaring as it were the meeting of tides. <SEP> He named this opening between Baffin Island and Labrador the Furious Overfall. -LRB- Later it was to be called Hudson Strait. -RRB- In George Waymouth in the same little Discovery that Hudson now commanded had sailed miles up the strait before his frightened men turned the ship back. <SEP> Hudson now proposed to sail all the way through and test the seas beyond for the long-sought waterway. Even Hudson experienced in Arctic sailing and determined as he was must have had qualms as he slid down the Thames. <SEP> Ahead were perilous ice-filled waters. On previous voyages it had been in precisely such dangerous situations that he had failed as a leader and captain. <SEP> On the second voyage he had turned back at the frozen island of Novaya Zemlya and meekly given the crew a certificate stating that he did so of his own free will -- which was obviously not the case. On the third voyage a near-mutiny rising from a quarrel between Dutch and English crew members on the Half Moon had almost forced him to head the ship back to Amsterdam in Mid-Atlantic. <SEP> Worse his present crew included five men who had sailed with him before. Of only one could he be sure -- young John Hudson his second son. <SEP> The mate Robert Juet who had kept the journal on the Half Moon was experienced -- but he was a bitter old man ready to complain or desert at any opportunity. Philip Staffe the ships carpenter was a good worker but perversely independent. <SEP> Arnold Lodley and Michael Perse were like the rest -- lukewarm ready to swing against Hudson in a crisis. Men willing to sail at all into waters where wooden ships could be crushed like eggs were hard to find. <SEP> Hudson knew he had to use these men as long as he remained an explorer. He refused to be anything else. <SEP> It is believed that Hudson was related to other seafaring men of the Muscovy Company and was trained on company ships. He was a Londoner married with three sons. -LRB- The common misconception that he was Dutch and that his first name was Hendrik stem from Dutch documents of his third voyage. -RRB- <SEP> In Hudson was probably in his early forties a good navigator a stubborn voyager but otherwise fatally unsuited to his chosen profession. Hudsons first error of the fourth voyage occurred only a few miles down the Thames. <SEP> There at the rivers edge waited one Henry Greene whom Hudson listed as a clerk. Greene was in actuality a young ruffian from Kent who had broken with his parents in order to keep the company he preferred -- pimps panders and whores. <SEP> He was not the sort of sailor Hudson wanted his backers to see on board and he had Greene wait at Gravesend where the Discovery picked him up. For the first three weeks the ship skirted up the east coast of Great Britain then turned westward. <SEP> On May she reached Iceland. Poor winds and fog locked her up in a harbor the crew called Lousie Bay. <SEP> The subsequent two-weeks wait made the crew quarrelsome. With Hudson looking on his protege Greene picked a fight with the ships surgeon Edward Wilson. <SEP> The issue was settled on shore Greene winning and Wilson remaining ashore determined to catch the next fishing boat back to England. With difficulty Hudson persuaded him to rejoin the ship and they sailed from Iceland. <SEP> Early in June the Discovery passed Desolation -LRB- southern Greenland -RRB- and in mid-June entered the Furious Overfall. Floating ice bore down from the north and west. <SEP> Fog hung over the route constantly. Turbulent tides rose as much as fifty feet. <SEP> The ships compass was useless because of the nearness of the magnetic North Pole. As the bergs grew larger Hudson was forced to turn south into what is now Ungava Bay an inlet of the Great Strait. <SEP> After finding that its coasts led nowhere however he turned north again toward the main ice-filled passageway -- and the crew at first uneasy then frightened rebelled. The trouble was at least partly Juets doing. <SEP> For weeks he had been saying that Hudsons idea of sailing through to Java was absurd. The great crushing ice masses coming into view made him sound like the voice of pure reason. <SEP> A group of sailors announced to Hudson that they would sail no farther. Instead of quelling the dissension as many captains of the era would have done -LRB- Sir Francis Drake lopped a mans head off under similar circumstances -RRB- Hudson decided to be reasonable. <SEP> He went to his cabin and emerged carrying a large chart which he set up in view of the crew. Patiently he explained what he knew about their course and their objectives. <SEP> When Hudson had finished the town meeting broke down into a general wordy argument. One man remarked that if he had a hundred pounds he would give ninety of them to be back in England. <SEP> Up spoke carpenter Staffe who said he wouldnt give ten pounds to be home. The statement was effective. <SEP> The meeting broke up. Hudson was free to sail on. <SEP> All through July the Discovery picked her way along the -mile-long strait avoiding ice and rocky islands. On August two massive headlands reared out of the mists -- great gateways never before so far as Hudson knew seen by Europeans. <SEP> To starboard was a cape a thousand feet high patched with ice and snow populated by thousands of screaming sea birds. To port was a point feet high rising behind to a precipice of feet. <SEP> Hudson named the capes Digges and Wolstenholme for two of his backers. Hudson pointed the Discovery down the east coast of the newly discovered sea -LRB- now called Hudson Bay -RRB- confident he was on his way to the warm waters of the Pacific. <SEP> After three weeks swift sailing however the ship entered an area of shallow marshes and river deltas. The ship halted. <SEP> The great sea to the westwards was a dead end. This must have been Hudsons blackest discovery. <SEP> He seemed to sense at once that before him was no South Sea but the solid bulk of the North American continent. This was the bitter end and Hudson seemed to know he was destined to failure. <SEP> Feverishly he tried to brush away this intuition. North and south east and west back and forth he sailed in the land-locked bay plowing furiously forward until land appeared then turning to repeat the process day after day week after week. <SEP> Hundreds of miles to the north the route back to England through the Furious Overfall was again filling with ice. The men were at first puzzled then angered by the aimless tacking. <SEP> Once more Juets complaints were the loudest. Hudsons reply was to accuse the mate of disloyalty. <SEP> Juet demanded that Hudson prove his charges in an open trial. The trial was held September. <SEP> Hudson presiding heard Juets defense then called for testimony from crew members. Juet had made plentiful enemies several men stepped forward. <SEP> Hands on Bible seaman Lodley and carpenter Staffe swore that Juet had tried to persuade them to keep muskets and swords in their cabins. Cook Bennett Mathues said Juet had predicted bloodshed on the ship. <SEP> Others added that Juet had wanted to turn the ship homeward. Hudson deposed Juet and cut his pay. <SEP> The new mate was Robert Bylot talented but inexperienced. There were other shifts and pay cuts according to the way individuals had conducted themselves. <SEP> The important result however was that Juet and Francis Clemens the deposed boatswain became Hudsons sworn enemies. As Hudson resumed his desperate criss-crossing of the little bay every incident lessened the crews respect for him. <SEP> Once after the Discovery lay for a week in rough weather Hudson ordered the anchor raised before the sea had calmed. Just as it was being hauled inboard a sea hit the ship. <SEP> Michael Butt and Adame Moore were thrown off the capstan and badly injured. The anchor cable would have been lost overboard but Philip Staffe was on hand to sever it with his axe.
cg18.txt:The recipients of the Nobel Prize for Literature more than half are practically unknown to readers of English. <SEP> Of these there are surely few that would be more rewarding discoveries than Verner Von Heidenstam the Swedish poet and novelist who received the award in and whose centennial was celebrated two years ago. Equally a master of prose and verse he recreates the glory of Sweden in the past and continues it into the present. <SEP> In the following sketch we shall present a brief outline of his life and let him as much as possible speak for himself. Heidenstam was born in of a prosperous family. <SEP> On his fathers side he was of German descent on his mothers he came of the old Swedish nobility. The family estate was situated near Vadstena on Lake Vattern in south central Sweden. <SEP> It is a lonely rather desolate region but full of legendary and historic associations. As a boy in a local school he was shy and solitary absorbed in his fondness for nature and his visions of Swedens ancient glory. <SEP> He liked to fancy himself as a chieftain and to dress for the part. Being somewhat delicate in health at the age of sixteen he was sent to Southern Europe for which he at once developed a passion so that he spent nearly all of the following ten years abroad at first in Italy then in Greece Egypt Asia Minor and Palestine. <SEP> In one of his summers at home he married to the great disapproval of his father who objected because of his extreme youth. Deciding to become a painter he entered the studio of Gerome in Paris where he enjoyed the life of the artists but soon found that whatever talent he might have did not lie in that direction. <SEP> He gives us an account of this in his lively and humorous poem The Happy Artists. I scanned the world through printed symbol swart And through the beggars rags I strove to see The inner man. <SEP> I looked unceasingly With my cold mind and with my burning heart. In this final line we have the key to his nature. <SEP> Few writers have better understood their deepest selves. Heidenstam could never be satisfied by surface. <SEP> It may however be noted that his gift for color and imagery must have been greatly stimulated by his stay in Paris. The first result of Heidenstams long sojourn abroad was a volume of poems Pilgrimage And Wander-Years -LRB- Vallfart och Vandringsar -RRB- published in. <SEP> It was a brilliant debut so much so indeed that it aroused a new vitality in the younger poets as did Byrons Childe Harold. Professor Fredrik Book Swedens foremost critic of the period acclaims it as follows : In this we have the verse of a painter strongly colorful plastic racy vivid. <SEP> In a bold sometimes careless form there is nothing academic all is seen and felt and experienced the observation is sharp and the imagination lively. The young poet-painter reproduces the French life of the streets he tells stories of the Thousand and One Nights and conjures up before us the bazaars of Damascus. <SEP> In the care-free indolence of the East he sees the last reflection of the old happy existence and for that reason he loves it. And yet amid all the gay hedonism in Pilgrimage And Wander-Years is a cycle of short poems Thoughts In Loneliness filled with brooding melancholy and sombre longing. <SEP> Of the longer pieces of the volume none is so memorable as Nameless And Immortal which at once took rank among the finest poems ever written in the Swedish language. It celebrates the unknown architect who designed the temple of Neptune at Paestum next to the Parthenon the noblest example of Grecian classic style now in existence. <SEP> On the eve of his return to their native Naxos he speaks with his wife of the masterpiece which rises before them in its completed perfection. The supreme object of their lives is now fulfilled says the wife her husband has achieved immortality. <SEP> Not so he answers it is not the architect but the temple that is immortal. The mans true reputation is his work. <SEP> The short poems grouped at the end of the volume as Thoughts in Loneliness is as Professor Book indicated in sharp contrast with the others. It consists of fragmentary personal revelations such as The Spark : There is a spark dwells deep within my soul. <SEP> To get it out into the daylights glow Is my lifes aim both first and last the whole. It slips away it burns and tortures me. <SEP> That little spark is all the wealth I know That little spark is my lifes misery. A dominant motive is the poets longing for his homeland and its boyhood associations : Not men-folk but the fields where I would stray The stones where as a child I used to play. <SEP> He is utterly disappointed in himself and in the desultory life he has been leading. What he really wants is to find a sacred cause to which he can honestly devote himself. <SEP> This restless individualism found its answer when he returned to live nearly all the rest of his life in Sweden. His cause was to commemorate the glory of her past and to incite her people to perpetuate it in the present. <SEP> He did not however find himself at once. His next major work completed in was a long fantastic epic in prose entitled Hans Alienus which Professor Book describes as a monument on the grave of his carefree and indolent youth. <SEP> The hero who is himself is represented as a pilgrim in the storied lands of the East a sort of Faustus type who to quote from Professor Book again even in the pleasure gardens of Sardanapalus can not cease from his painful search after the meaning of life. He is driven back by his yearning to the wintry homeland of his fathers in the forest of Tiveden. <SEP> From this time on Heidenstam proceeded to find his deeper self. By the death of his father in he had come into possession of the family estate and had re-assumed its traditions. <SEP> He did not however settle back into acquiescence with things as they were. Like his friend and contemporary August Strindberg he had little patience with collective mediocrity. <SEP> He saw Sweden as a country of smug and narrow provincialism indifferent to the heroic spirit of its former glory. Strindbergs remedy for this condition was to tear down the old structures and build anew from the ground up. <SEP> Heidenstams conception on the contrary was to revive the present by the memories of the past. Whether in prose or poetry all of Heidenstams later work was concerned with Sweden. <SEP> With the first of a group of historical novels The Charles Men -LRB- Karolinerna -RRB- published in - he achieved the masterpiece of his career. In scope and power it can only be compared to Tolstoys War And Peace. <SEP> About one-third as long it is less intimate and detailed but better coordinated more concise and more dramatic. Though it centers around the brilliant and enigmatic figure of Charles the true hero is not finally the king himself. <SEP> Hence the title of the book referring to the soldiers and subjects of the king on the fatal battlefield of Poltava to quote from the novel the wreath he twined for himself slipped down upon his people. The Charles Men consists not of a connected narrative but of a group of short stories each depicting a special phase of the general subject. <SEP> Somewhat uneven in interest for an average reader eight or ten of these are among the finest of their kind in literature. They comprise a great variety of scene and interest : grim episodes of war idyllic interludes superb canvases of world-shaking events and delightfully humorous sketches of odd characters. <SEP> The general effect is tragic. Almost nothing is said of Charles spectacular victories the central theme being the heroic loyalty of the Swedish people to their idolized king in misfortune and defeat. <SEP> To carry out this exalted conception the author has combined the vivid realism and imaginative power we have noticed in his early poetry and carried them out on a grand scale. His peculiar gift as had been suggested before is his intensity. <SEP> George Meredith has said that fervor is the core of style. Of few authors is this more true than of Heidenstam. <SEP> The Charles Men has a tremendous range of characters of common folk even more than of major figures. The career of Charles is obviously very similar to that of Napoleon. <SEP> His ideal was Alexander of Macedon as Napoleons was Julius Caesar. His purpose however was not to establish an empire but to assert the principle of divine justice. <SEP> Each aspired to be a god in human form but with each it was a different kind of god. Each failed catastrophically in an invasion of Russia and each brought ruin on the country that worshipped him. <SEP> Each is still glorified as a national hero. The first half of The Charles Men ending on the climax of the battle of Poltava in is more dramatically coherent than the second. <SEP> After the collapse of that desperate and ill-fated campaign the character of the king degenerated for a time into a futility that was not merely pitiable but often ridiculous. Like Napoleon he was the worst of losers. <SEP> There are however some wonderful chapters at the beginning of the second part concerning the reactions of the Swedes in adversity. Then more than ever before did they show their fortitude and patient cheerfulness. <SEP> This comes out in When The Bells Ring which describes the rallying of the peasants in southern Sweden to repel an invasion by the Danes. In The Kings Ride Charles breaks out of a long period of petulance and inertia regains his old self escapes from Turkey and finally reaches his own land after an absence of eighteen years. <SEP> He finds it in utter misery and desolation. All his people ask for is no more war. <SEP> He plunges into yet another this time with Norway and is killed in an assault on the fortress of Fredrikshall being only thirty-six years of age when he died. He had become king at fifteen. <SEP> Then suddenly there was a tremendous revulsion of popular feeling. From being a hated tyrant and madman he was now the symbol of all that was noblest and best in the history of Sweden. <SEP> This is brought out in the next to last chapter of the book A Heros Funeral written in the form of an impassioned prose poem. Slowly the procession of warriors and statesmen passes through the snow beside the black water and into the brilliantly lighted cathedral the shrine of so many precious memories. <SEP> The guns are fired the hymns are sung and the body of Charles is carried down to the vault and laid beside the tombs of his ancestors. As he had longed to be he became the echo of a saga. <SEP> Heidenstam wrote four other works of fiction about earlier figures revered in Swedish memory. Excellent in their way they lack the wide appeal of The Charles Men and need not detain us here. <SEP> It is different with his volume The Swedes And Their Chieftains -LRB- Svenskarna och deras Hovdingar -RRB- a history intended for the general reader and particularly suited for high school students. Admirably written it is a perfect introduction to Swedish history for readers of other countries. <SEP> Some of the earlier episodes have touches of the supernatural as suited to the legendary background. These are suggestive of Selma Lagerlof. <SEP> Especially touching is the chapter The Little Sister about a kings daughter who became a nun in the convent of St. Birgitta. The record teems with romance and adventure. <SEP> Gustaf Vasa is a superb example and Charles the conqueror of Denmark hardly less so. Of Gustavus Adolphus and Charles it is unnecessary to speak.
cf03.txt:Is a pause in the merriment as your friends gaze at you wondering why you are staring open-mouthed in amazement. <SEP> You explain I have the strangest feeling of having lived through this very same event before. I cant tell when but Im positive I witnessed this same scene of this particular gathering at some time in the past <SEP> This experience will have happened to many of you. Emerson in his lecture refers to the startling experience which almost every person confesses in daylight that particular passages of conversation and action have occurred to him in the same order before whether dreaming or waking a suspicion that they have been with precisely these persons in precisely this room and heard precisely this dialogue at some former hour they know not when. <SEP> Most psychiatrists dismiss these instances of that weird feeling as the deja vue -LRB- already seen -RRB- illusion just as they dismiss dream previsions as coincidences. In this manner they side-step the seemingly hopeless investigation of the greater depths of mystery in which all of us grope continually. <SEP> When a man recognizes a certain experience as the exact pattern of a previous dream we have an instance of deja vue except for the fact that he knows just why the experience seems familiar. Occasionally there are examples of pre-vision which can not be pushed aside without confessing an unscientific attitude. <SEP> One day Maeterlinck coming with a friend upon an event which he recognized as the exact pattern of a previous dream detailed the ensuing occurrences in advance so accurately that his companion was completely mystified. Rudyard Kiplings scorn for the jargon of psychical research was altered somewhat when he wondered how or why had I been shown an unreleased roll of my life film <SEP> The famous author tells us of the strange incident in Something About Myself. One day when he attended a war memorial ceremony in Westminster Abbey his view was obstructed by a stout man on his left his attention turned to the irregular pattern of the rough slab flooring and someone clasping him by the arm whispered I want a word with you please. <SEP> At that moment Kipling was overwhelmed with awed amazement suddenly recalling that these identical details of scene action and word had occurred to him in a dream six weeks earlier. Freud probably contributed more than anyone else to the understanding of dreams enabling us to recognize their equivalents in our wakeful thoughts. <SEP> However readers who accept Freuds findings and believe that he has solved completely the mystery of dreams should ponder over the following words in his Interpretation Of Dreams Chapter : : As a matter of fact no such complete solution of the dream has ever been accomplished in any case and what is more every one attempting such solution has found that in most cases there have remained a great many components of the dream the source of which he has been unable to explain nor is the discussion closed on the subject of the mantic or prophetic power of dreams. Dreams present many mysteries of telepathy clairvoyance prevision and retrovision. <SEP> The basic mystery of dreams which embraces all the others and challenges us from even the most common typical dream is in the fact that they are original visual continuities. I recall the startling vivid realism of a dream in which I lived through the horror of the bombing of a little Korean town. <SEP> I am sure that nothing within me is capable of composing that life-like sequence so complete in detail from the hodge-podge of news pictures I have seen. When psychology explains glibly but the subconscious mind is able to produce it it refers to a mental region so vaguely identified that it may embrace the entire universal mind as conceivably as part of the individual mind. <SEP> Skeptics may deny the more startling phenomena of dreams as things they have never personally observed but failure to wonder at their basic mystery is outright avoidance of routine evidence. The question becomes What is a dream <SEP> a dream simply a mental or cerebral movie Every dream and this is true of a mental image of any type even though it may be readily interpreted into its equivalent of wakeful thought is a psychic phenomenon for which no explanation is available. <SEP> In most cases we recognize certain words persons animals or objects. These are dreamed in original action in some particular continuity which we dont remember having seen in real life. <SEP> For instance the dreamer sees himself seated behind neighbor Smith and with photographic realism sees Smith driving the car whereas it is a matter of fact that Smith can not drive a car. There is nothing to suggest that the brain can alter past impressions to fit into an original realistic and unbroken continuity like we experience in dreams. <SEP> The entire concept of cerebral imagery as the physical basis of a mental image can find no logical support. A mental image subconsciously impressing us from beneath its language symbols in wakeful thought or consciously in light sleep is actually not an image at all but is comprised of realities viewed not in the concurrent sensory stream but within the depths of the fourth dimension. <SEP> Dreams that display events of the future with photographic detail call for a theory explaining their basic mystery and all its components including that weird feeling of deja vue inevitably fantastic though that theory must seem. As in the theory of perception established in psycho-physiology the eye is recognized as an integral part of the brain. <SEP> But then this theory confesses that it is completely at a loss as to how the image can possibly be received by the brain. The opening paragraph of the chapter titled The Theory Of Representative Perception in the book Philosophies Of Science by Albert G. Ramsperger says passed on to the brain and there by some unexplained process it causes the mind to have a perception. <SEP> Why is it necessary to reproduce the retinal image within the brain As retinal images are conceded to be an integral function of the brain it seems logical to suppose that the nerves between the inner brain and the eyes carry the direct drive for cooperation from the various brain centers -- rather than to theorize on the transmission of an image which is already in required location. <SEP> Hereby the external object viewed by the eyes remains the thing that is seen not the retinal image the purpose of which would be to achieve perceptive cooperation by stirring sympathetic impulses in the other sensory centers motor tensions associated word symbols and consciousness. Modern physics has developed the theory that all matter consists of minute waves of energy. <SEP> We know that the number of radio and television impulses sound waves ultra-violet rays etc. That may occupy the very same space each solitary upon its own frequency is infinite. We may conceive the coexistence of the infinite number of universal apparently momentary states of matter successive one after another in consciousness but permanent each on its own basic phase of the progressive frequencies. <SEP> This theory makes it possible for any event throughout eternity to be continuously available at any moment to consciousness. Space in any form is completely measured by the three dimensions. <SEP> If the fourth dimension is a physical concept and not purely metaphysical through what medium does it extend It is not through space nor time that the time machine most approved by science fiction must travel for a visit to the permanent prehistoric past or the ever-existent past-fantasy future. <SEP> Three seconds flat is the usual time and the space is crossed by moderate mileage while the overwhelming immensity of such journeys must be conceived as a static pulsation through an enormous number of coexistent frequencies which perpetuate all events. The body senses and brain in common with all matter have their counterpart on each of a countless number of frequencies. <SEP> The senses in each counterpart bear the impression only of phenomena that share its own frequency whereas those upon all other frequencies are invisible inaudible and intactible to them. Consciousness is the factor that provides the progressive continuity to sensory impressions. <SEP> When consciousness deserts the sleeping body and the wakeful world it continues in the myriad progressions of the ever-present past and future in a life as vibrant and real as the one left when the body tired and required sleep. If the photographically realistic continuity of dreams however bizarre their combinations denies that it is purely a composition of the brain it must be compounded from views of diverse realities although some of them may never be encountered in what we are pleased to call the real life. <SEP> Dr. H.V. Hilprecht Professor of Assyrian at the University of Pennsylvania dreamed that a Babylonian priest associated with the king Kurigalzu -LRB- B.C. -RRB- escorted him to the treasure chamber of the temple of Bel gave him six novel points of information about a certain broken relic and corrected an error in its identification. As a matter of fact the incorrect classification the result of many weeks of labor by Dr. Hilprecht was about to be published by him the following day. <SEP> Some time later the missing part of the relic was found and the complete inscription together with other new evidence fully corroborated the ancient priests information. Dr. Hilprecht was uncertain as to the language used by the ancient priest in his dream. <SEP> He was almost positive it was not Assyrian nor Cassite and imagined it must have been German or English. We may conclude that all six points of information ostensibly given by the dream priest could have been furnished by Dr. Hilprechts subconscious reasoning. <SEP> In denying any physical reality for this dream how could the brain possibly compose that realistic vividly visual continuity uninterrupted by misty fadeout violent break or sudden substitution Which theory is more fantastic :. That the perfect continuity was composed from the joblot of memory impressions in the professors brain or. That the dream was a reality on the infinite progressions of universal gradient frequencies across which the modern professor and the priest of ancient Nippur met The degree of circumstance the ratio of memory to forgetfulness determines whether a dream will be a recognized fulfilled prevision or the vaguely effective source of the weird deja vue feeling. <SEP> No doubt some experiences vanish so completely as to leave no trace on the sleepers mind. Probably less than one percent of our previsions escape final obliteration before we wake. <SEP> When we arrive at the events concerned in the vanished majority they of course can not impress us as anything familiar. Nevertheless there are notably frequent instances of deja vue in which our recognition of an entirely novel event is a feeling of having lived through it before a feeling which though vague withstands the verbal barrage from the most impressive corps of psychologists. <SEP> If deja vue is an illusion then peculiarly it is a most prevalent mental disturbance affecting even the most level-headed people. Chauncey Depew one-time runner-up for the Republican Presidential nomination was attending a convention at Saratoga where he was scheduled to nominate Colonel Theodore Roosevelt for Governor of New York when he noticed that the temporary chairman was a man he had never met. <SEP> After the preliminary business affair was finished Depew arose and delivered the convincing speech that clinched the nomination for Roosevelt. If Depew had told any academic psychologist that he had a weird feeling of having lived through that identical convention session at some time in the past he would have been informed that he was a victim of deja vue. <SEP> The famous orator felt more than vague recognition for the scene. He remembered exactly when he had lived through it before and he had something to prove he had. <SEP> One week before the convention Depew was seated on the porch of a country home on the Hudson gazing at the opposite shore.
cp26.txt:Was thinking of the heat and of water that morning when I was plowing the stubble field far across the hill from the farm buildings. <SEP> It had grown hot early that day and I hoped that the boy my brothers son would soon come across the broad black area of plowed ground carrying the jar of cool water. The boy usually was sent out at about that time with the water and he always dragged an old snow-fence lath or a stick along to play with. <SEP> He pretended that the lath was a tractor and he would drag it through the dirt and make buzzing tractor sounds with his lips. I almost ran over the snake before I could stop the tractor in time. <SEP> I had turned at the corner of the field and I had to look back to raise the plow and then to drop it again into the earth and I was thinking of the boy and the water anyway and when I looked again down the furrow the snake was there. It lay half in the furrow and half out and the front wheels had rolled nearly up to it when I put in the clutch. <SEP> The tractor was heavily loaded with the weight of the plow turning the earth and the tractor stopped instantly. The snake slid slowly and with great care from the new ridge the plow had made into the furrow and did not go any further. <SEP> I had never liked snakes much I still had that kind of quick panic that Id had as a child whenever I saw one but this snake was clean and bright and very beautiful. He was multi-colored and graceful and he lay in the furrow and moved his arched and tapered head only so slightly. <SEP> Go out of the furrow snake I said but it did not move at all. I pulled the throttle of the tractor in and out hoping to frighten him with the noise but the snake only flicked its black forked tongue and faced the huge tractor wheel without fright or concern. <SEP> I let the engine idle then and I got down and went around the wheel and stood beside it. My movement did frighten the snake and it raised its head and trailed delicately a couple of feet and stopped again and its tongue was working very rapidly. <SEP> I followed it looking at the brilliant colors on its tubular back the colors clear and sharp and perfect in orange and green and brown diamonds the size of a babys fist down its back and the diamonds were set one within the other and interlaced with glistening jet-black. The colors were astonishing clear and bright and it was as if the body held a fire of its own and the colors came through that transparent flesh and skin vivid and alive and warm. <SEP> The eyes were clear and black and the slender body was arched slightly. His flat and gracefully tapered head lifted as I looked at him and the black tongue slipped in and out of that solemn mouth. <SEP> You beauty I said I couldnt kill you. You are much too beautiful. <SEP> I had killed snakes before when I was younger but there had been no animal like this one and I knew it was unthinkable that an animal such as that should die. I picked him up and the length of him arched very carefully and gracefully and only a little wildly and I could feel the coolness of that radiant fire-colored body like splendid ice and I knew that he had eaten only recently because there were two whole and solid little lumps in the forepart of him like fieldmice swallowed whole might make. <SEP> The body caressed through my hands like cool satin and my hands usually tanned and dark were pale beside it and I asked it where the fire colors could come from the coolness of that body. I lowered him so he would not fall and his body slid out onto the cool newly-plowed earth from between my pale hands. <SEP> The snake worked away very slowly and delicately and with a gorgeous kind of dignity and beauty and he carried his head a little above the rolled clods. The sharp burning colors of his body stood brilliant and plain against the black soil like a target. <SEP> I felt good and satisfied looking at the snake. It shone in its bright diamond color against the sun-burned stubble and the crumbled black clods of soil and against the paleness of myself. <SEP> The color and beauty of it were strange and wonderful and somehow alien too in that dry and dusty and uncolored field. I got on the tractor again and I had to watch the plow closely because the field was drawn across the long hillside and even in that good soil there was a danger of rocks. <SEP> I had my back to the corner of the triangular field that pointed towards the house. The earth was a little heavy and I had to stop once and clean the plowshares because they were not scouring properly and I did not look back towards the place until I had turned the corner and was plowing across the upper line of the large field a long way from where I had stopped because of the snake. <SEP> I saw it all at a glance. The boy was there at the lower corner of the field and he was in the plowed earth stamping with ferocity and a kind of frenzied impatience. <SEP> Even at that distance with no sound but the sound of the tractor I could tell the fierce mark of brutality on the boy. I could see the hunched-up shoulders the savage determination the dance of his feet as he ground the snake with his heels and the pirouette of his arms as he whipped at it with the stick. <SEP> Stop it I shouted but the lumbering and mighty tractor roared on above anything I could say. I stopped the tractor and I shouted down to the boy and I knew he could hear me for the morning was clear and still but he did not even hesitate in that brutal murdering dance. <SEP> It was no use. I felt myself tremble thinking of the diamond light of that beauty I had held a few moments before and I wanted to run down there and halt if I could that frenetic pirouette catch the boy in the moment of his savagery and save a glimmer a remnant of that which I remembered but I knew it was already too late. <SEP> I drove the tractor on not looking down there I was afraid to look for fear the evil might still be going on. My head began to ache and the fumes of the tractor began to bother my eyes and I hated the job suddenly and I thought there are only moments when one sees beautiful things and these are soon crushed or they vanish. <SEP> I felt the anger mount within me. The boy waited at the corner with the jar of water held up to me in his hands and the water had grown bubbly in the heat of the morning. <SEP> I knew the boy well. He was eleven and we had done many things together. <SEP> He was a beautiful boy really with finely-spun blonde hair and a smooth and still effeminate face and his eyelashes were long and dark and brushlike and his eyes were blue. He waited there and he smiled as the tractor came up as he would smile on any other day. <SEP> He was my nephew my brothers son handsome and warm and newly-scrubbed with happiness upon his face and his face resembled my brothers and mine as well. I saw then too the stake driven straight and hard into the plowed soil through something there where I had been not long before. <SEP> I stopped the tractor and climbed down and the boy came eagerly up to me. Can I ride around with you He asked as he often did and I had as often let him be on the tractor beside me. <SEP> I looked closely at his eyes and he was already innocent the killing was already forgotten in that clear mind of his. No you can not I said pushing aside the water jar he offered to me. <SEP> I pointed to the splintered upright stake. Did you do that I asked. <SEP> Yes he said eagerly beginning a kind of dance of excitement. I killed a snake it was a big one. <SEP> He tried to take my hand to show me. Why did you kill it <SEP> Snakes are ugly and bad. This snake was very beautiful. <SEP> You see how beautiful it was Snakes are ugly he said again. <SEP> You saw the colors of it didnt you you ever seen anything like it around here <SEP> Snakes are ugly and bad and it might have bitten somebody and they would have died. You know there are no poisonous snakes in this area. <SEP> This snake could not harm anything. They eat chickens sometimes the boy said. <SEP> They are ugly and they eat chickens and I hate snakes. You are talking foolishly I said. <SEP> You killed it because you wanted to kill it for no other reason. Theyre ugly and I hate them the boy insisted. <SEP> Nobody likes snakes. It was beautiful I said half to myself. <SEP> The boy skipped along beside me and he was contented with what he had done. The fire of the colors was gone there was a contorted ugliness now the colors of its back were dull and gray-looking torn and smashed in and dirty from the boys shoes. <SEP> The beautifully-tapered head so delicate and so cool had been flattened as if in a vise and the forked tongue splayed out of the twisted torn mouth. The snake was hideous and I remembered even then the cool bright fire of it only a little while before and I thought perhaps the boy had always seen it dead and hideous like that and had not even stopped to see the beauty of it in its life. <SEP> I wrenched the stake out that the boy had driven through it in the thickest part of its body between the colored diamond crystals. I touched it and the coolness the ice-feeling was gone and even then it moved a little perhaps a tiny spasm of the dead muscles and I hoped that it was truly dead so that I would not have to kill it. <SEP> Then it moved a little more and I knew the snake was dying and I would have to kill it there. The boy stood off a few feet and he had the stake again and he was racing innocently in circles making the buzzing tractor sound with his lips. <SEP> Im sorry I thought to the snake for you were beautiful. I took the broken length of it around the tractor and I took one of the wrenches from the tool-kit and I struck its head not looking at it to kill it at last for it could never live. <SEP> The boy came around behind me dragging the stake. Its a big snake isnt it He said. <SEP> Im going to tell everybody how big a snake I killed. Dont you see what you have done I said. <SEP> You see the difference now Its an ugly terrible snake he said. <SEP> He came up and was going to push at it with his heavy shoes. I could see the happiness in the boys eyes the gleeful brutality. <SEP> Dont I said. I could have slapped the boy. <SEP> He looked up at me puzzled and he swayed his head from side to side. I thought you little brute you nasty selfish little beast with brutality already developed within that brain and in those eyes. <SEP> I wanted to slap his face to wipe forever the insolence and brutal glee from his mouth and I decided then very suddenly what I would do.
cn24.txt:The next morning they were anchored at The Elbow and the boat was riding directly over the underwater ledge where the green water turned to deepest blue and the cliff dropped straight down fathoms with the weighted line beside it and Robinson Roy who had gone down this line ten minutes before to set a new depth record for the free dive was already back on the surface. <SEP> He and his safety man Herr Schaffner swam up to the boarding ladder together. The German courteously indicated that Robinson should mount first. <SEP> Robinson clambered heavily into the boat sat down and stripped off his triple-tank assembly. He was frowning. <SEP> He took his mask from his forehead and threw it unexpectedly across the deck. Temper temper Mrs. Forsythe said laughing uneasily. <SEP> A phony blonde hanging onto a bygone youth and beauty but irreparably stringy in the neck she was already working on her second gin and tonic though it was not yet ten A.M. I loused it Rob said with a savage note in his voice. <SEP> All I have to do to set the record is to go on down. Instead I come up. <SEP> Was it my equipment The German asked. It something went bad with the breathing <SEP> The equipment was fine Rob stated standing up. He was a huge young man of twenty-four clothed in muscle immensely strong with a habitual gentleness and diffidence of manner that was submerged under his present agitation. <SEP> He stared stonily at the floor. I was down to. <SEP> Ive been that far half a dozen times. I dont get it why this time I should pull such a stupid trick. <SEP> Well I get it Artie said still on the ladder. You are a big muscle-bound ape and you got this idea about setting a record. <SEP> You also got this little spark in your bird-brain that tells you to turn around before you drown yourself. You turn around. <SEP> No it wasnt that Rob said. A note of awe came into his voice. <SEP> When I came up damnit I thought I was going down. I came up maybe fifty feet before I knew what was happening. <SEP> Pressure-happy Artie said and climbed in. Thats right Robinson said. <SEP> I was expecting it sure. When it happens to you like that I tell you and youre a hundred feet from where you thought you were -- well it makes you think. <SEP> You dont head back down again. Not me anyway. Not right away. He had his voice under control again : no one became aware that he was terrified by what had just happened to him. <SEP> Waddell the newspaperman was a fellow in his middle forties with a graying crewcut heavy-framed glasses and a large jaw padded with fat. Now he was going to show how much he knew. Our boy didnt chicken out no sir. <SEP> He ran into the rapture of the depths. Nitrogen narcosis. It makes the diver feel drunk. <SEP> Well thats the only way to be Mrs. Forsythe said and gave her brassy laugh. Maybe not if youre feet under water Artie said. <SEP> Anyway Waddell went on. Its nothing to fool with. <SEP> It can kill you. Personally I dont blame him for giving up the dive much as I regret losing the story. <SEP> Nobodys giving anything up Robinson said. He stood there towering over them all : gentle mighty determined the moving force in the group and yet like a child among adults. <SEP> You think I got you and Artie and Herr Schaffner all the way out here just for the boat ride Im going down again. <SEP> Thats my boy Mr. Forsythe exclaimed. Robs not going to give up as easy as all that. <SEP> He was a florid puffy man in his early sixties very natty in his yachting cap striped jacket and white flannels. He went to Key West every fall and winter and was the only man in town who did not know that his title of Commodore was never used without irony. Old Commodore Forsythe who had once lost a fifty-dollar bet on whether he could get both motors started and turn on the running lights without accidentally turning on something else first. <SEP> Now it did not occur to him even to wonder whether it was wise for Robinson to dive again : Rob was his boy the kid he had rescued from the streets the object of his pride. Why he went on when Rob asked me if he could make his dive on this trip I didnt think twice about it. <SEP> Ive helped him along ever since he was a youngster hanging around his brothers tackle shop. Hell I gave him the first decent job he ever had six seven -- how many years ago was it Rob <SEP> Seven years ago Commodore Rob said impassively. He was thinking big deal : skipper on his drunken fishing parties for seven years and no better off than when I started. <SEP> Excuse me he said abruptly. He went down the steps to the galley and sleeping quarters went into the forward stateroom and locked the door behind him. <SEP> When you got ta go you got ta go Mrs. Forsythe said. Waddell muttered something about taking a look around and climbed up to the flying bridge. <SEP> He was disturbed by what had happened on the dive and by what he remembered of a conversation he had had the night before with the German who had come out of the head while he was fixing himself a drink in the galley. Hi there Schaffner he had said. <SEP> I make you one No thank you very much Schaffner had answered in his accented English. <SEP> I do not drink so much thank you. Waddell had looked the man over trying to size him up. <SEP> He was in his early forties rather short and very compactly built and with a manner that was reserved and stiff despite his efforts to adapt himself to American ways. His open face seemed to promise a sort of innocence until one looked into his eyes which had no warmth in them but only alert intelligence. <SEP> Waddell had heard that he had been a commando in Rommels Afrika Corps and he said to himself : Id hate to run into him in the desert on a dark night. Aloud he had said making conversation : Rob tells me hes using your Atlantis equipment on the dive. <SEP> Yes Herr Schaffner had said. Hes one hell of a decent boy. <SEP> I like that kid. I agree yes. <SEP> If the dive goes OK he has the exclusive import rights to your line for this country is that right Well no Herr Schaffner said. <SEP> Waddell turned to face him. No He asked. <SEP> Thats what he told me. Why thats his main reason for making the dive. <SEP> Shaffner looked at him altogether without guile and shrugged his shoulders making a little spreading gesture with his two hands. What do you mean Waddell asked frowning. <SEP> Please let me explain the German said earnestly his face still devoid of deceit. I have in Europe a gross business of seven million dollars the year. <SEP> Now I wish to enter the American market where the competition is very strong. I must have a powerful representative here a firm with a national distribution and ten twenty thousand dollars to advertise my products. <SEP> With all respect to a fine young man Mr. Roy is not able to provide these necessaries. Waddell was not an eminently moral person but he did not like what he had just heard. <SEP> Did you tell him all this He asked. Perhaps not in so many words the German said. <SEP> Surely you have misunderstood Mr. Roy. Never never did I offer him the exclusive rights. <SEP> We spoke of the need for advertising and I agreed that the deep dive would be most useful for publicity. He was most eager to make the dive of course I was willing. <SEP> There was no definite agreement about business arrangements. Well damn Waddell said. <SEP> There was the end of his front-page feature story with byline. He started out the door. <SEP> One moment Herr Schaffner said. You intend to speak with Mr. Roy <SEP> What else Waddell asked. If you will pardon I think it would be better if not. <SEP> Mr. Roy is determined to make this dive. Whatever you tell him he will dive. <SEP> I know this from my talks with him. Well lets let him make up his own mind OK Waddell said. On the basis of the facts. <SEP> You will make him unhappy and anxious the German said. At feet under the water when he must be paying very much attention he will be thinking about what you are telling him. <SEP> It is not good Mr. Waddell : you will do him great harm. There was no doubt that Herr Schaffner meant every word of what he said. <SEP> Waddell came back from the door and sat on a bunk. I am an honest man the German said with fervor. <SEP> I will give Mr. Roy his due for this dive. I will make him distributor for all of Florida -- a big market. <SEP> All tourists come to Florida. This will help him to get out of his little tackle shop. Yes <SEP> there is no use causing him to worry at this time. The Germans words worked on the newspaperman like a reprieve from an odious duty. <SEP> He took a big swig of his drink. It would be a colossal shame to throw away a story like this. <SEP> I think maybe youre right Schaffner he said. He has the distributorship for Florida you say <SEP> Yes the German said. At least for South Florida. By God Waddell said we dont want to upset the boy at this time of all times. <SEP> I guess youre right. He sloshed his drink around and drained it in a few large gulps. <SEP> The story was shaping up nicely in his mind : the young pioneer as of old altruistically braving the unknown the rewards prompt and juicy in modern big-business America. Join me in another He had asked. <SEP> Thank you the German had said courteously. I do not drink so much. <SEP> Now in that same cabin Robinson fell to his knees beside a bunk. Fear and relief mingled in his churning emotions. <SEP> He pressed his palms together and addressed himself to the patron saint of divers in a hurried and anxious whisper. Blessed Saint Nicholas I thank thee for getting me out of that mess and sending me up instead of down when I was bewildered. And when I make the dive again -- <SEP> He paused crossed himself said a Hail Mary slowly and with understanding. Folding between his hands the cross that hung from his neck he took his appeal direct to Headquarters. <SEP> Holy Mary Mother of God Star of the Sea stay Thou with me on this next dive. Make it come off all right. <SEP> Let me set the record this time and let me get back OK so the German will give me the exclusive. Make my life different and better from this time on. Amen. <SEP> He crossed himself again and rose. He felt a good deal less shaky. <SEP> As he reached for the door there was a knock on it and when he opened he found Artie who came in and sat down on a bunk. Artie had picked up a snorkle and was twirling it on his forefinger. <SEP> He waited awhile before he said Roy you know your decompression table dont you You know I know it Robinson answered warily. <SEP> You came straight up from without a stop Artie said. Well I was a little bit confused. <SEP> Anyway I wasnt down long enough to matter. You dont see me stretched out on the deck do you <SEP> You know what they say about two deep dives in one day Artie went on still twirling the snorkle and studying it intently. I dont think you should go down again.
ck01.txt:Did not go back to school. <SEP> His parents talked seriously and lengthily to their own doctor and to a specialist at the University Hospital -- Mr. McKinley was entitled to a discount for members of his family -- and it was decided it would be best for him to take the remainder of the term off spend a lot of time in bed and for the rest do pretty much as he chose -- provided of course he chose to do nothing too exciting or too debilitating. His teacher and his school principal were conferred with and everyone agreed that if he kept up with a certain amount of work at home there was little danger of his losing a term. <SEP> Scotty accepted the decision with indifference and did not enter the arguments. He was discharged from the hospital after a two-day checkup and he and his parents had what Mr. McKinley described as a celebration lunch at the cafeteria on the campus. <SEP> Rachel wore a smart hat and because she had been warned recently about smoking puffed at her cigarettes through a long ivory holder stained with lipstick. Scottys father sat sprawled in his chair angular alert as a cricket looking about at the huge stainless-steel appointments of the room with an expression of proprietorship. <SEP> Teachers -- men who wore brown suits and had gray hair and pleasant smiles -- came to their table to talk shop and to be introduced to Scotty and Rachel. Rachel was polite Scotty indifferent. <SEP> They ate the cafeteria food with its orange sauces and Scotty gazed without interest at his food the teachers the heroic baronial windows and the bright ranks of college banners. His father tried to make the food a topic. <SEP> The blueberry pie is good Scotty. I recommend it. <SEP> He looked at his son his face worried. Scotty murmured No thanks so softly his father had to bend his gaunt height across the table and turn a round brown ear to him. <SEP> Scotty regarded the ear and the grizzled hair around it with a moment of interest. He said more loudly Im full old Pop. <SEP> He had eaten almost nothing on the crested three-sectioned plate and had drunk about half the milk in its paper container. Hes all right Craig Rachel said. <SEP> I can fix him something later in the afternoon when we get home. Since his seizure Scotty had had little appetite yet his changed appearance surprisingly was one of plumpness. <SEP> His face was fuller his lips and the usually sharp lines of his jaw had become swollen-looking. He breathed now with his mouth open showing a whitely curving section of lower teeth he kept his eyes with their puffed blurred lids always lowered though not apparently focusing. <SEP> Even his neck seemed thicker and therefore shorter. His hands which had been as quick as a pair of fluttering birds were now neither active nor really relaxed. <SEP> They lay on his lap palms up stiffly motionless the tapered fingers a little thick at the joints. Altogether he had since the seizure the appearance of a boy who overindulged in food and took no exercise. <SEP> He looked lazy spoiled a little querulous. Rachel had little to say. <SEP> She greeted her husbands colleagues with smiling politeness offering nothing. Mr. McKinley for all his sprawling and his easy familiarity was completely alert to his son eyes always on the still face jumping to anticipate Scottys desires. <SEP> It was a strained silent lunch. Rachel said Id better get him to bed. <SEP> The doctors had suggested Scotty remain most of every afternoon in bed until he was stronger. Since Mr. McKinley had to give a lecture Rachel and Scotty drove home alone in the Plymouth. <SEP> They did not speak much. Scotty gazed out at ugly gray slums and said softly Look at those stupid kids. <SEP> It was a Negro section of peeling row houses store-front churches and ragged children. Rachel had to bend toward Scotty and ask him to repeat. <SEP> He said Nothing. And then : There are lots of kids around here. Scotty looked at the children his mouth slightly opened his eyes dull. <SEP> He felt tired and full and calm. Thirty-four the days seemed short perhaps because his routine was each day almost the same. <SEP> He rose late and went down in his bathrobe and slippers to have breakfast either alone or with Rachel. Virginia treated him with attention and tried to tempt his appetite with special food : biscuits cookies candies -- the result of devoted hours in the tiled kitchen. <SEP> She would hover over him and looking like her brother anxiously watch the progress of Scottys fork or spoon. You dont eat enough honey. <SEP> Try to get that down. Rachel observing would say He has to rediscover his own capacity. <SEP> Itll take time. Virginia and Rachel talked to each other quietly now as allies who are political rather than natural might in a war atmosphere. <SEP> Both watched Scotty constantly Rachel without seeming to Virginia openly her eyes filled with concern. Scotty was neutral. <SEP> He did not resent their supervision or Virginias sometimes tiring sympathy. He ate what he felt like slept as much or as little as he pleased and moved about the draughty rooms of the house when he was not in bed with slow dubious steps like an elderly tourist in a cathedral. <SEP> His energy was gone. He was able now to sit for hours in a chair in the living room and stare out at the bleak yard without moving. <SEP> His hands lay loosely yet stiffly -- they were like wax hands : almost lifelike not quite -- folded in his lap his mouth hung slightly open. When he was asked a question or addressed in such a way that some response was inescapable he would answer if as often happened he had to repeat because he had spoken too softly he would repeat his words in the same way without emphasis or impatience only a little louder. <SEP> He had not mentioned Kate. He had not even thought about her much except once or twice at night in bed when his slowly ranging thoughts would abruptly almost accidentally encounter her. <SEP> At these times he felt a kind of pain in his upper chest but it was an objective pain in no way different from others in intensity and not different in kind it was like the bandaged wound on the back of his head which occasionally throbbed it was merely another part of his weakness. He was calm drugged and lazy. <SEP> He did not care. Rachel mentioned Kate. <SEP> She said I notice the girl from across the street hasnt bothered to phone or visit. Scotty said Thats all right. <SEP> Kates all right. He thought about it briefly then deliberately turned the talk to something else. <SEP> Once sitting at the front window in his parents room he saw Kate come out of her house. She was with Elizabeth. <SEP> They were far off and looked tiny. The heavy branches in his front yard would hide and then reveal them. <SEP> They turned at the bottom of Kates steps and moved off in the direction of the park. He thought he saw -- it awakened and for a moment interested him -- that Elizabeth held a leash in her hand and that a round fuzzy puppy was on the end of the leash. <SEP> Then they disappeared and Scotty got up and went into his own room and got into bed. By the time he was under the covers he had forgotten about seeing Kate. <SEP> The doctor since Scotty was no longer allowed to make his regular trips into town to see him came often and informally to the house. He would sit slim-waisted and spare on the edge of Scottys bed his legs crossed so elaborately that the crossed foot could tap the floor. <SEP> Scotty did not mind the doctors unsmiling teasing as he used to. Husky young man he said with mock distaste. <SEP> I imagine youre always battling in school. I dont go to school any more. Pardon <SEP> The doctor had to bend close to hear his delicate hand as veined as a moths wing rested absently on Scottys chest. Scotty said the same words more loudly. Oh. <SEP> Well were taking a little vacation thats all. He turned unsmilingly to Rachel. <SEP> I think by the end of next week he could get out in the air a little. He could now but the weakness is very definite it would exhaust him further and unnecessarily. <SEP> Hell be stronger soon. His stethoscope was on the table by Scottys bed and he picked it up and wagged it at Scotty. <SEP> He said fussily Just keep the cap on those strong emotions. The stethoscope glinted silver in the darkening room. <SEP> Ill drop by again in a few days. Rachel stayed on after the doctor had gone. <SEP> She smoothed the covers on Scottys bed and picked things up from the floor. She did not touch him. <SEP> Scotty watched with disinterest. He did not speak. <SEP> He had no desire to. She said Do you think youll miss school <SEP> He had noticed how formal and irritably exact Rachel had grown. He did not care. <SEP> He felt her irritability did not concern him yet he knew he would not care even if it did. He shook his head. <SEP> Weve had any number of calls about you. You could win a popularity contest at that school without any trouble. <SEP> Miss Estherson called twice. She wants to pay you a visit. <SEP> She says the children miss you. Apparently you were the light of their lives. <SEP> Scotty shrugged slightly. Rachel came close to the bed bent as if she would kiss him then moved away. <SEP> She was frowning. That doctor annoys me. <SEP> She seemed to speak to herself. You suppose his self-consciousness is characteristic of the new Negro professionals or merely of doctors in general <SEP> She turned to him again. Well Mrs. Charles -- Sally -- has phoned too. <SEP> She was very worried. Rachels tone was dry. <SEP> She didnt really say -- She glanced away at the floor then swooped gracefully and picked up one of Scottys slippers. I mean do you feel like seeing Kate <SEP> Scotty said I dont know. It was true. <SEP> He did not. There was the slight pain but it was no different from the throbbing in his head. <SEP> Well theres time in any case. Well wait till youre stronger and then talk about it. <SEP> She put the slipper neatly by its mate at the foot of the bed. Scotty said Okay. <SEP> This time Rachel kissed him lightly on the forehead. Scotty was pleased. <SEP> His father was a constant visitor. Scotty would hear the front door in the evening and then his fathers deep slow voice it floated up the stairs. <SEP> Hows Scotty And Rachels or Virginias reply : better. Hes getting plenty of rest. <SEP> His appetite improved Or : Does he get exercise The exchange was almost invariable and Scotty in his bed could hear every word of it. <SEP> He never smiled. It required an energy he no longer possessed to be satirical about his father. <SEP> His father would come upstairs and stand self-consciously at the foot of the bed and look at his son. After a pause during which he studied Scottys face as if Scotty were not there and could not study him too Mr. McKinley would ask the same questions he had asked downstairs. <SEP> Scotty would reply softly and his father apologetically would ask him to repeat. Im eating more he would say. Or : I walk around the house a lot. <SEP> Perhaps you should get out a little. Im not supposed to yet. <SEP> He was not irritated. He did not mind the useless kindly questions. <SEP> He looked at the lined face with vague interest he felt he was noting it as if it were something he might think about when he grew stronger. Mr. McKinley examined everything with critical care seeking something material to blame for his sons illness. <SEP> You got enough blankets And another time without accusation : You never wore that scarf I bought you.
cg15.txt:Is worth dwelling in some detail on the crisis of this story because it brings together a number of characteristic elements and makes of them a curious riddling compound obscurely but centrally significant for Manns work. <SEP> The wife Amra and her lover are both savagely portrayed she as incarnate sensuality voluptuous and indolent possibly a mischief maker with a kind of luxurious cunning to set against her apparent simplicity her birdlike brain. Lautner for his part belonged to the present-day race of small artists who do not demand the utmost of themselves and the bitter description of the type includes such epithets as wretched little poseurs the devastating indictment they do not know how to be wretched decently and in order and the somewhat extreme prophecy so far not fulfilled : They will be destroyed. <SEP> The trick these two play upon Jacoby reveals their want not simply of decency but of imagination as well. His appearance as Lizzy evokes not amusement but horror in the audience it is a spectacle absolutely painful an epiphany of the suffering flesh unredeemed by spirit untouched by any spirit other than abasement and humiliation. <SEP> At the same time the multiple transvestitism involved -- the fat man as girl and as baby as coquette pretending to be a baby -- touches for a moment horrifyingly upon the secret sources of a life like Jacobys upon the sinister dreams which form the sources of any human life. The music which Lautner has composed for this episode is for the most part rather pretty and perfectly banal. <SEP> It is characteristic of him we are told his little artifice to be able to introduce into a fairly vulgar and humorous piece of hackwork a sudden phrase of genuine creative art. This occurs now at the refrain of Jacobys song -- at the point in fact of the name Lizzy -- a modulation described as almost a stroke of genius. <SEP> A miracle a revelation it was like a curtain suddenly torn away to reveal something nude. It is this modulation which reveals to Jacoby his own frightful abjection and simultaneously his wifes infidelity. <SEP> By the same means he perceives this fact as having communicated itself to the audience he collapses and dies. In the work of every artist I suppose there may be found one or more moments which strike the student as absolutely decisive ultimately emblematic of what it is all about not less strikingly so for being mysterious as though some deeply hidden constatation of thoughts were enciphered in a single image a single moment. So here. <SEP> The horrifying humor the specifically sexual embarrassment of the joke gone wrong the monstrous image of the fat man dressed up as a whore dressing up as a baby the epiphany of that quivering flesh the bringing together around it of the secret liaison between indolent mindless sensuality and sharp shrewd talent cleverness with an occasional touch of genius -LRB- which however does not know how to attack the problem of suffering -RRB- the miraculous way in which music revelation and death are associated in a single instant -- all this seems a triumph of art a rather desperate art in itself beyond itself also it evokes numerous and distant resonances from the entire body of Manns work. When I try to work out my reasons for feeling that this passage is of critical significance I come up with the following ideas which I shall express very briefly here and revert to in a later essay. <SEP> Love is the crucial dilemma of experience for Manns heroes. The dramatic construction of his stories characteristically turns on a situation in which someone is simultaneously compelled and forbidden to love. <SEP> The release the freedom involved in loving another is either terribly difficult or else absolutely impossible and the motion toward it brings disaster. This prohibition on love has an especially poignant relation to art it is particularly the artist -LRB- Tonio Kroger Aschenbach Leverkuhn -RRB- who suffers from it. <SEP> The specific analogy to the dilemma of love is the problem of the breakthrough in the realm of art. Again the sufferings and disasters produced by any transgression against the commandment not to love are almost invariably associated in one way or another with childhood with the figure of a child. <SEP> Finally the theatrical -LRB- and perversely erotic -RRB- notions of dressing up cosmetics disguise and especially change of costume -LRB- or singularity of costume as with Cipolla -RRB- are characteristically associated with the catastrophes of Manns stories. We shall return to these statements and deal with them more fully as the evidence for them accumulates. <SEP> For the present it is enough to note that in the grotesque figure of Jacoby at the moment of his collapse all these elements come together in prophetic parody. Professionally a lawyer that is to say associated with dignity reserve discipline with much that is essentially middle-class he is compelled by an impossible love to exhibit himself dressed up disguised -- that is paradoxically revealed -- as a child and worse as a whore masquerading as a child. <SEP> That this abandonment takes place on a stage during an artistic performance is enough to associate Jacoby with art and to bring down upon him the punishment for art that is he is suspect guilty punishable as is anyone in Manns stories who produces illusion and this is true even though the constant elements of the artist-nature technique magic guilt and suffering are divided in this story between Jacoby and Lautner. It appears that the dominant tendency of Manns early tales however pictorial or even picturesque the surface is already toward the symbolic the emblematic the expressionistic. <SEP> In a certain perfectly definite way the method and the theme of his stories are one and the same. Something of this can be learned from The Way To The Churchyard -LRB- -RRB- an anecdote about an old failure whose fit of anger at a passing cyclist causes him to die of a stroke or seizure. <SEP> There is no more plot than that only slightly more perhaps than a newspaper account of such an incident would give. The artistic interest then lies in what the encounter may be made to represent in the power of some central significance to draw the details into relevance and meaningfulness. <SEP> The first sentence with its platitudinous irony announces an emblematic intent : The way to the churchyard ran along beside the highroad ran beside it all the way to the end that is to say to the churchyard. The action is consistently presented with regard for this distinction. <SEP> The highroad one might say at first belongs to life while the way to the churchyard belongs to death. That is too simple and wont hold up. <SEP> As the first sentence suggests both roads belong to death in the end. The highroad according to the description of its traffic belongs to life as it is lived in unawareness of death while the way to the churchyard belongs to some other sort of life : a suffering form an existence wholly comprised in the awareness of death. <SEP> Thus on the highroad a troop of soldiers marched in their own dust and sang while on the footpath one man walks alone. This mans isolation is not merely momentary it is permanent. <SEP> He is a widower his three children are dead he has no one left on earth also he is a drunk and has lost his job on that account. His name is Praisegod Piepsam and he is rather fully described as to his clothing and physiognomy in a way which relates him to a sinister type in the authors repertory -- he is a forerunner of those enigmatic strangers in Death In Venice for example who represent some combination of cadaver exotic and psychopomp. <SEP> This strange person quarrels with a cyclist because the latter is using the path rather than the highroad. The cyclist a sufficiently commonplace young fellow is not named but identified simply as Life -- that and a license number which Piepsam uses in addressing him. <SEP> Life points out that everybody uses this path and starts to ride on. Piepsam tries to stop him by force receives a push in the chest from Life and is left standing in impotent and growing rage while a crowd begins to gather. <SEP> His rage assumes a religious form that is on the basis of his own sinfulness and abject wretchedness Piepsam becomes a prophet who in his ecstasy and in the name of God imprecates doom on Life -- not only the cyclist now but the audience the world as well : all you light-headed breed. This passion brings on a fit which proves fatal. <SEP> Then an ambulance comes along and they drive Praisegod Piepsam away. This is simple enough but several more points of interest may be mentioned as relevant. <SEP> The season between spring and summer belongs to life in its carefree aspect. Piepsams fatal rage arises not only because he can not stop the cyclist but also because God will not stop him as Piepsam says to the crowd in his last moments : His justice is not of this world. <SEP> Life is further characterized in antithesis to Piepsam as animal : the image of a dog which appears at several places is first given as the criterion of amiable irrelevant interest aroused by life considered simply as a spectacle : a dog in a wagon is admirable a pleasure to contemplate another wagon has no dog and therefore is devoid of interest. Piepsam calls the cyclist cur and puppy among other things and at the crisis of his fit a little fox-terrier stands before him and howls into his face. <SEP> The ambulance is drawn by two charming little horses. Piepsam is not certainly religious in any conventional sense. <SEP> His religiousness is intimately or dialectically connected with his sinfulness the two may in fact be identical. His unsuccessful strivings to give up drink are represented as religious strivings he keeps a bottle in a wardrobe at home and before this wardrobe Praisegod Piepsam had before now gone literally on his knees and in his wrestlings had bitten his tongue -- and still in the end capitulated. <SEP> The cyclist by contrast blond and blue-eyed is simply unreflective unproblematic Life blithe and carefree. He made no claims to belong to the great and mighty of this earth. <SEP> Piepsam is grotesque a disturbing parody his end is ridiculous and trivial. He is a man raving mad on the way to the churchyard. <SEP> He is more interesting than the others the ones who come from the highroad to watch him more interesting than Life considered as a cyclist. If I have gone into so much detail about so small a work that is because it is also so typical a work representing the germinal form of a conflict which remains essential in Manns writing : the crude sketch of Piepsam contains in its critical destructive and self-destructive tendencies much that is enlarged and illuminated in the figures of for instance Naphta and Leverkuhn. <SEP> In method as well as in theme this little anecdote with its details selected as much for expressiveness and allegory as for realism anticipates a kind of musical composition as well as a kind of fictional composition in which as Leverkuhn says there shall be nothing unthematic. It resembles too pictures such as Durer and Bruegel did in which all that looks at first to be solely pictorial proves on inspection to be also literary the representation of a proverb for example or a deadly sin. <SEP> Gladius Dei -LRB- -RRB- resembles The Way To The Churchyard in its representation of a conflict between light and dark between Life and a spirit of criticism negation melancholy but it goes considerably further in characterizing the elements of this conflict. The monk Savonarola brought over from the Renaissance and placed against the background of Munich at the turn of the century protests against the luxurious works displayed in the art-shop of M. Bluthenzweig in particular against a Madonna portrayed in a voluptuous style and modeled according to gossip upon the painters mistress. <SEP> Hieronymus like Piepsam makes his protest quite in vain and his rejection though not fatal is ridiculous and humiliating he is simply thrown out of the shop by the porter. On the street outside Hieronymus envisions a holocaust of the vanities of this world such a burning of artistic and erotic productions as his namesake actually brought to pass in Florence and prophetically he issues his curse : Gladius Dei super terram cito et velociter.
cn06.txt:Was my state of mind that I did not question the possibility of this under the circumstances I was only too willing to confess all. <SEP> I was nearly thirty at the time. I went to the hall in the afternoons only on these preliminary matters. <SEP> It was dark and I sensed very large only the counter at one end was lighted by a long fluorescent tube suspended directly above it. Sometimes I was aware of people moving about in the darkness. <SEP> I would turn away from my writing in the hope of getting a good look at them but I never quite succeeded. A glimpse of three of four vague figures at the most. Drifting here and there. <SEP> Squatting as if waiting. The pulsing glow of a cigarette. Since they could see me but I not them their presence in the hall disturbed me. <SEP> The clerk paid them no attention. This impressed me until I realized how limited was his sphere of influence. <SEP> His job simply consisted in registering new men. When the phone rang he answered it. <SEP> His authority extended to the far edge of the counter no further. None of the men hanging around the hall bothered to speak to him. <SEP> Baldness was attacking his pate. He spoke to me in a gruff voice an affectation which quite belied his personality. <SEP> He wore his white shirt open at the neck revealing a bit of scrawny pale chest underneath. It was obvious that he wished himself different from the sort of person he thought he was. <SEP> It was not easy for him and he often slipped. When one of the men in the hall behind us spat on the floor and scraped his boot over the gob of spittle I noticed how the clerk winced. <SEP> I felt certain he was really a spineless little man. His hat -LRB- the cause of his baldness -RRB- hung on a hook on the wall and underneath it I could see his tie knotted ready to be slipped over his head a black badge of frayed respectability that ought never to have left his neck. <SEP> The mornings tabloids were on the counter and a stack of dog-eared mens magazines. On a shelf in the office behind the counter was a small radio dialed permanently on a station which broadcast only vulgar commercials and cheap popular music. <SEP> Everything about the clerk was trivial. Once pressing him I learned that his job was only part-time in the afternoons when nothing went on in the hall. <SEP> Noticing my disappointment he attempted to salvage what scraps and shreds of authority he felt might still be clinging to his person. With distaste I saw him assume a pompous air. <SEP> When he saw me coming he turned his radio off. He made a show of rearranging my forms on the shelf. <SEP> He would pick up the ringing phone with studied negligence then bark into it with gruff importance. What limited knowledge he possessed he forced upon me. <SEP> In the mornings I was informed fluorescent tubes similar to the one above the counter illuminated the entire hall. They and the two large fans which I could dimly see as daylight filtered through their vents down at the far end of the hall could be turned on by a master switch situated inside the office. <SEP> He pointed out the switch to me and for a moment I foolishly believed that he would let deed follow words. I was shown instead a batch of white tickets of the sort handed out he told me every morning. <SEP> Now here was something of obvious importance to me yet when I reached for the tickets he snatched them away from my hand. He couldnt afford to have anyone mess around with them he said. <SEP> Each of those tickets was of great value to its rightful recipient. I withdrew my hand. <SEP> Later I would remember what this pompous little man had told me about the worth of a ticket. Having nothing else to do except wait for my forms to be processed I gave myself over to speculations concerning the hall itself. <SEP> When suitably lighted what would it look like The presence of the two exhaust fans seemed to indicate that the hall could become crowded for air. <SEP> One afternoon upon receiving permission and the necessary instructions from the clerk I had visited the toilet adjoining the hall. By counting the number of stalls and urinals I attempted to form a loose estimate of how many men the hall would hold at one time. <SEP> Although I had crossed a corner of the hall on my way to the toilet I still could not tell for sure how far to the rear the darkness extended. I could observe the two fans down at the end but their size in themselves meant nothing to me as long as I had no measure of comparison. <SEP> I had for some time been hoping in vain for one of the dim figures to pass between the fan vents and myself. I knew that three or four of them were almost always present in the hall but what they were doing and exactly where I could not tell. <SEP> It was I felt possible that they were men who having received no tickets for that day had remained in the hall to sleep perhaps in the corners farthest removed from the counter with its overhead light. This light did not penetrate very far back into the hall and my eyes were hindered rather than aided by the dim daylight entering through the fan vents when I tried to pick out whatever might be lying or squatting on the floor below. <SEP> Also the clerk appeared to disapprove of my frequent curious glances back over my shoulder. No sooner would I turn my head away from the counter before he would address me at times quite sharply in order to bring back my attention. <SEP> I had hardly finished my business in the toilet on the aforementioned occasion when the lights in that place like the hall lights controlled from the switch in the office flicked off and on impatiently. This sort of petty vigilance annoyed me. <SEP> I felt certain it was self-appointed. It sprang from a type of mentality Id encountered often enough but certainly had not expected to find here. <SEP> I decided to see no more of the clerk until the processing of my papers was completed. I felt strongly attached to the hall however and hardly a day passed when I did not go to look at it from a distance. <SEP> I lived in a state of suspense because of it. I could not cling to my past nor did I wish to. <SEP> I had signed it off on the forms. My future lay solely with the hall yet what did I know about the hall at this point <SEP> Although I had been inside it I had not yet seen it functioning. I wished to prepare myself but did not even know what sort of clothes I ought to be wearing. I did not despair however far from it <SEP> I was constantly searching for clues around the neighborhood of the hall. Though only a relatively short walk separated it from my own part of town its character was wholly foreign to me. <SEP> Large warehouses flanked the street on which the hall fronted. The river was only a few blocks away but an unbroken line of piers prevented me from seeing it. <SEP> Sometimes I noticed the tops of ships masts and funnels reaching above the pier roofs. The sounds issuing from beyond -- winches whirring men shouting -- indicated great activity and excited me. <SEP> The hall on the other hand appeared lifeless and deserted on these long waterfront afternoons. It resembled nothing Id ever seen before. <SEP> Its front was windowless but irregularities in the masonry might be an indication that windows now blinded had once looked out upon the street. I kept circling the block hoping to see from the street behind it the rear of the hall. <SEP> But it was not a tall structure and other buildings concealed it. For weeks I wandered about this neighborhood of warehouses and garages truck terminals and taxi repair shops gasoline pumps and longshoremens lunch counters yet never did I cease to feel myself a stranger there. <SEP> I returned to the hall despite my dislike for the clerk. As I had expected he insisted that my visits to the hall would do nothing to further the process of my application. <SEP> Meanwhile spring had passed well into summer. At last when I put it to him directly the clerk was forced to admit that the delay in my case was unusual. <SEP> When I asked him what if anything I could do about it he surprised me by referring me to the director of the hall. I could consult this personage on any weekday morning though not before ten oclock. <SEP> The clerk impressed this upon me : that I should not arrive in the hall before ten oclock. When I went for my interview with the director I saw why. <SEP> Although it was dark as usual I could see that the hall had only recently contained a great many people. Cigarette butts littered the floor. <SEP> The big fans were going drawing from the large room the remnants of stale smoke which drifted about in pale strata underneath the ceiling. I had felt the draft they were making while mounting the stairs. <SEP> The staircase itself seemed still to be echoing the heavy footfalls of many men. I stopped by the counter. <SEP> No one was behind it but in the rear wall of the office I noticed for the first time a door which had been left partially open. Past it I could see part part of a desk a flag in a corner a rug on the floor. The directors office. <SEP> I rapped my knuckles on the counter. The director came to the door. <SEP> I was at once disappointed although just what I had expected him to look like I could not have explained. He was a man in his late forties with graying hair of medium height he looked dapper in a lightweight summer suit brown silk tie and green-tinted soft collar. <SEP> He wore perforated white-topped shoes they somehow made me expect to see him launch into a vaudeville tapdance routine any moment. He came toward me sedately enough showed me around the counter offered me a seat inside his office then walked to a file cabinet and got out my application. <SEP> I had the impression that he had read my forms perhaps several times. He did not look at them now. <SEP> As he lowered himself on the chair behind his desk I wondered what this dapper slightly ridiculous man could possibly have to do with the workings of the hall. He spoke in a voice as immaculate as his appearance. <SEP> Why had I registered Begging my pardon he must express his astonishment over seeing a person of my background applying at the hall. <SEP> He had looked over my forms and was impressed by what he had seen there indeed my scholastic qualifications were such that he a college graduate himself must envy me them. I sure he asked that I knew what I was applying for <SEP> What sort of men I would come into contact with at the hall These questions did not surprise me I felt certain that the director like the afternoon clerk seldom moved beyond the counter that the hall to them was a jungle a dark and unwelcome place. <SEP> Though I doubted that he would understand me I told the director my motives for applying. I had always I said hankered after working hard with my hands. <SEP> This desire I went on growing voluble as my conviction was aroused had mounted at such a rate recently that I now found its realization necessary not only to my physical but also to my spiritual wellbeing. To this effect I had already severed all connections which bound me to my former existence.
cn27.txt:Several months now Jack Carter a big overgrown boy of fifteen with a fuzzy pimpled face and greenish catlike eyes with a lot of red in them had been haunted by a dream a vision of a Woman. <SEP> This Woman had no distinct shape or size and no particular face but she radiated warmth a sweet warmth she would talk to him in a soothing voice about things his mother would have said were not nice and put her hands on him and kiss him passionately. When she would do these things he would turn blind for an instant and become sick at his stomach. <SEP> Then he would run to the toilet behind the house. Sometimes he did this three or four times a day for this Woman was almost always with him. <SEP> He would feel ashamed each time and wonder whether his mother and father knew -- thinking they might see it in his eyes or smell it on him. But they never said anything so he figured it was all right. <SEP> And so when Miss Langford came to teach at the one-room Chestnut school where Jack was a pupil in the eighth grade the Woman of Jacks mind assumed the teachers face and figure. He could not keep his eyes off her when at school when he went home at night he took her with him in his mind and she did the things the anonymous Woman used to do and he did the thing afterwards each time as he used to do. <SEP> When he awoke in the mornings she was in his mind and he could hardly wait to get to school to be near her in the flesh. Miss Langford -LRB- her first name was Evelyn -RRB- was an attractive girl. <SEP> Tall blonde blue-eyes fair buxom without being heavy she cut a fine figure of budding womanhood as she swished among the pupils in her fresh starched summer dress. Something was beginning to stir and come alive in her too -LRB- it may have been there for a good while since she was twenty now but if it had been it had been smothered until now by fear -RRB- : you could tell it by the way she watched the older bigger boys like Jack. <SEP> She would look at Jack with that hidden something in her eyes and Jack would see the Woman and become breathless and a little sick. School began in August the hottest part of the year and for the first few days Miss Langford was very lenient with the children letting them play a lot and the new ones sort of get acquainted with one another. <SEP> The first two or three days they went home early. All that is except Jack. He hung around the schoolhouse watching through a window from outside while Miss Langford straightened desks and put the room in order. <SEP> Once -LRB- this was on the third day of school -RRB- she kneeled down to pick up some books where theyd dropped on the floor and Jack looked up her dress -- at the bare expanse of incredibly white leg. He thought for a moment his heart had stopped beating. <SEP> About that time Miss Langford straightened up and looked out the window directly at him he thought although probably she didnt even see him. He jumped back ducked and ran crouching down the hill away from the school. <SEP> He didnt look back and he ran until he was out of sight of the schoolhouse and out of breath then he slowed to a walk. The vision became even stronger now. <SEP> Ill get her yet he muttered to himself. Ive got to get her. <SEP> That night he dreamed a dream violent with passion in which he and the Woman now the teacher did everything except engage in the act -LRB- and this probably only because he had never engaged in the act in reality -RRB- and when he awoke the next morning his heart was afire. He ate litle that morning and his mother became concerned inasmuch as he usually ate heartily. <SEP> Whats the matter honey She said with the solicitude of a middle-aged woman for her only child. You hungry <SEP> No Im not hungry he said pushing back the bacon and eggs. Outside it was already hot at : A.M. And it was getting hot in the kitchen. <SEP> He felt a little sick at his stomach. You sick <SEP> No he said. Ill be all right. <SEP> I guess its this hot weather. You play hard today then. <SEP> If you get sick ask the teacher to let you come home early. Daddy left the car for me and Im going to town this afternoon. <SEP> OK. I wont play hard he promised. Just then Charles Lever yelled Hey Jack from the quarry road which ran behind the Carter house and Jack grabbed the lunch from the table and darted out the kitchen door yelling Good-bye Mom over his shoulder. <SEP> Wha dd ya say boy Charles said grinning showing his huge yellow teeth. Charles also fifteen was tall and skinny scraggly with straight black hair like an Indians and sharp brown eyes. <SEP> He considered himself handsome and seemed to think all the girls were after him. You know what I done last night Charles said as they picked their way over the rocky road which led up the hill away from the Dixie Highway through a corn field and a patch of woods to the school. <SEP> Jack knew of course that the tale to be unfolded would involve a girl and probably be dirty because girls were Charles only apparent interest. But Jack always derived vicarious sensual thrills from Charles revelations -LRB- even when he suspected his friend of exaggeration or invention -RRB- so he usually invited them as he did now. No. What <SEP> I got Margaret Rider in one of them old box cars down there by the quarry. A nude imaginary picture of Miss Langford flashed across Jacks mind. <SEP> His heart beat faster. Hell you say He said lapsing into the profanity he often used when away from his parents and especially when he was with Charles. <SEP> Howd you do it Hell I jist got on top of -- <SEP> No I mean howd you get her to do it Hell I jist ask her. Jist like that Hell yes. <SEP> Shes been hangin around me a lot here lately and I figgered I might as wells try it. Besides I heard her old uncle that stays there has been doin it. <SEP> I never heard that. Its all over Branchville. <SEP> If youd get out of your back yard once in a while you might even get her your ownself. I might try it one of these days Jack said wonderingly thinking of Miss Langford. <SEP> When they reached the school a gang of boys and girls were already there playing crack the whip in front of the schoolhouse. Miss Langford in a fresh white dress and low-heeled white sandals without socks was out there with them trying to get them inside. <SEP> Time for books she yelled jingling a little five-and-dime store bell in her right hand. Lets go inside. <SEP> Oh come on Miss Langford play with us just onct one of the little girls begged smiling wistfully. No not now said the teacher. Maybe at dinner time. <SEP> Come inside now. The children grudgingly stopped playing then and straggled into the schoolhouse. <SEP> Jack watched Miss Langford all morning. He could think of nothing else save his mental image of her nude figure and what Charles had said that morning about Margaret Rider. <SEP> Occasionally he would look across the aisle at Margaret fourteen and demure in a fresh green organdy dress sitting in the sixth-grade row and he could hardly believe she would do what Charles had said she did. At noontime remembering what the teacher had said about maybe playing with the kids Jack stayed close to the schoolhouse while all the other big boys except Charles went off out the road to play ball. <SEP> Why aint you playin ball He asked Charles suspiciously as they sat in the well-house shade watching the girls congregate in front of the schoolhouse. Miss Langford come out and play with us like you promised several of the little girls called. <SEP> Id druther stay here and watch the girls Charles grinned. Maybe some ofem will fall down and well see up their dress. <SEP> Maybe Jack said idly watching for Miss Langford. Presently she came out of the schoolhouse. <SEP> When she appeared two or three of the little girls jumped up and down yelling Goody goody. Lets play withem Jack said rising from where he sat on the ground and dusting off his overall pants. O.K. <SEP> Charles rose also and the two of them moved over to join the girls. They played crack the whip a few minutes without mishap. <SEP> Then when Miss Langford was on the end of the line of girls Jack in the middle of the line gave an extra hard pull and the young teacher sprawled backwards sitting down hard her dress flying over her head. While she was struggling to get her skirt down and get on her feet again Jack ran over offered her his hand and said Gosh Im sorry Miss Langford. <SEP> I didnt mean to pull so hard. Thats all right she said tossing her head back to get the hair out of her eyes. <SEP> It was my fault. With one hand she held her skirt down while she took Jacks extended hand with the other. <SEP> When her hand touched his fire went through Jack and he felt weak but he managed somehow to get her on her feet. He thought she gave him that look with the hidden something in it as he let her hand go. <SEP> Thank you she said dusting herself off. Will you play with us again Miss Langford One of the little girls said. No more today. Maybe some other day. <SEP> Oh shucks the girl said. I dont believe Ill play any more neither. <SEP> Me neither others said and soon the game broke up the children going off in pairs in larger groups and alone. Jack walked off alone out the road in the searing midday sun past Robert Allens three-room tarpapered house toward the field where the other boys were playing ball thinking of what he would do in order to make Miss Langford have him stay in after school -- because this was the day he had decided when he thought he saw the look in her eyes. <SEP> When he came back to the schoolhouse his mind was made up. He simply would not work his arithmetic problems when the teacher held his class. <SEP> That should do it he thought because Miss Langford had said she was going to be strict about school work. He had considered throwing erasers or flipping paperwads at someone or pulling the hair of the girl sitting in front of him but he couldnt take a chance on either of these possibilities : the teacher probably would make him stand face-to-wall in a corner instead of stay in after school. <SEP> The only drawback now to the plan hed decided on was that someone else might fail to do his work too and the teacher would have that person stay late along with Jack. But Ive got to take a chance on it he told himself desperately. <SEP> To his surprise his plan worked perfectly. All right if you cant do your arithmetic during school hours you can do it after school is out Miss Langford said firmly not smiling. <SEP> You will stay here thirty minutes after the others go home this afternoon and work your problems. And so when the others stampeded out that afternoon Jack remained docilely in his seat near a window looking out in what he hoped was a pitiable manner while the other kids laughed and yelled in at him and made faces as they dispersed going home. <SEP> He scarcely saw them. His heart was pounding like a mighty dynamo and he was trying to think his mind seeming to scream at him like a hurt or frightened child How will I do it
cg16.txt:Reality to which they respond is rationally empty and their art is an imitation of the inescapable powerfulness of this unknown and empty world. <SEP> Their artistic rationale is given to the witness of unreason. These polar concerns -LRB- imitation vs. Formalism -RRB- reflect a philosophical and religious situation which has been developing over a long period of time. <SEP> The breakdown of classical structures of meaning in all realms of western culture has given rise to several generations of artists who have documented the disintegrative processes. Thus the image of man has suffered complete fragmentation in personal and spiritual qualities and complete objectification in sub-human and quasi-mechanistic powers. <SEP> The image of the world tends to reflect the hostility and indifference of man or else to dissolve into empty spaces and overwhelming mystery. The image of God has simply disappeared. <SEP> All such imitations of negative quality have given rise to a compensatory response in the form of a heroic and highly individualistic humanism : if man can neither know nor love reality as it is he can at least invent an artistic reality which is its own world and which can speak to man of purely personal and subjective qualities capable of being known and worthy of being loved. The person of the artist becomes a final bastion of meaning in a world rendered meaningless by the march of events and the decay of classical religious and philosophical systems. <SEP> Whatever pole of this contrast one emphasizes and whatever the tension between these two approaches to understanding the artistic imagination it will be readily seen that they are not mutually exclusive that they belong together. Without the decay of a sense of objective reference -LRB- except as the imitation of mystery -RRB- the stress on subjective invention would never have been stimulated into being. <SEP> Although these insights into the nature of art may be in themselves insufficient for a thoroughgoing philosophy of art their peculiar authenticity in this day and age requires that they be taken seriously and gives promise that from their very substance new and valid chapters in the philosophy of art may be written. For better or worse we can not regard imitation in the arts in the simple mode of classical rationalism or detached realism. <SEP> A broader concept of imitation is needed one which acknowledges that true invention is important that the artists creativity in part transcends the non-artistic causal factors out of which it arises. On the other hand we can not regard artistic invention as pure uncaused and unrelated to the times in which it occurs. <SEP> We need a doctrine of imitation to save us from the solipsism and futility of pure formalism. Accordingly it is the aim of this essay to advance a new theory of imitation -LRB- which I shall call mimesis in order to distinguish it from earlier theories of imitation -RRB- and a new theory of invention -LRB- which I shall call symbol for reasons to be stated hereafter -RRB-. The mimetic imagination in the arts <SEP> The word mimesis -LRB- imitation -RRB- is usually associated with Plato and Aristotle. For Plato imitation is twice removed from reality being a poor copy of physical appearance which in itself is a poor copy of ideal essence. <SEP> All artistic and mythological representations therefore are imitations of imitations and are completely superseded by the truth value of dialectic the proper use of the inquiring intellect. In Platos judgment the arts play a meaningful role in society only in the education of the young prior to the full development of their intellectual powers. <SEP> Presupposed in Platos system is a doctrine of levels of insight in which a certain kind of detached understanding is alone capable of penetrating to the most sublime wisdom. Aristotle also tended to stratify all aspects of human nature and activity into levels of excellence and like Plato he put the pure and unimpassioned intellect on the top level. <SEP> The Poetics in affirming that all human arts are modes of imitation gives a more serious role to artistic mimesis than did Plato. Aristotle kept the principle of levels and even augmented it by describing in the Poetics what kinds of character and action must be imitated if the play is to be a vehicle of serious and important human truths. <SEP> For both Plato and Aristotle artistic mimesis in contrast to the power of dialectic is relatively incapable of expressing the character of fundamental reality. The central concern of Erich Auerbachs impressive volume called Mimesis is to describe the shift from a classic theory of imitation -LRB- based upon a recognition of levels of truth -RRB- to a Christian theory of imitation in which the levels are dissolved. <SEP> Following the theme of Incarnation in the Gospels the Christian artist and critic sees in the most commonplace and ordinary events figures of divine power and reality. Here artistic realism involves the audience in an impassioned participation in events whose overtones and implications are transcendent. <SEP> Artistic mimesis under Christian influence records the involvement of all persons however humble in a divine drama. The artist unlike the philosopher is not a removed observer aiming at neutral and rarified high levels of abstraction. <SEP> He is the conveyor of a sacred reality by which he has been grasped. I have chosen to use the word mimesis in its Christian rather than its classic implications and to discover in the concrete forms of both art and myth powers of theological expression which as in the Christian mind are the direct consequence of involvement in historical experience which are not reserved as in the Greek mind only to moments of theoretical reflection. <SEP> In the first instance mimesis is here used to mean the recalling of experience in terms of vivid images rather than in terms of abstract ideas or conventional designations. By image is meant not only a visual presentation but also remembered sensations of any of the five senses plus the feelings which are immediately conjoined therewith. <SEP> This is the primary function of the imagination operating in the absence of the original experiential stimulus by which the images were first appropriated. Mimesis is the nearest possible thing to the actual re-living of experience in which the imagining person recovers through images something of the force and depth characteristic of experience itself. <SEP> The images themselves like their counterparts in experience are not neutral qualities to be surveyed dispassionately they are fields of force exerting a unique influence on the sensibilities and a unique relatedness to one another. They bring an inextricable component of value within themselves with attractions and repulsions native to their own quality. <SEP> As in experience one is seized by given entities and their interrelations and is forced to respond in value feelings to them so one is similarly seized in the mimetic presentation of images. Mimesis here is not to be confused with literalism or realism in the conventional sense. <SEP> A word taken in its dictionary meaning a photographic image of a recognizable object the mere picturing of a scene tends to lose experiential vividness and to connote such conventional abstractions as to invite neutral reception without the incitement of value feelings. Similarly experience itself can be conventionalized so that people react to certain preconceived clues for behavior without awareness of the vitality of their experiential field. <SEP> A truly vivid imagination moves beyond the conventional recollection to a sense of immediacy. The mimetic character of the imaginative consciousness tends to express itself in the presentation of artistic forms and materials. <SEP> When words can be used in a more fresh and primitive way so that they strike with the force of sights and sounds when tones of sound and colors of paint and the carven shape all strike the sensibilities with an undeniable force of data in and of themselves compelling the observer into an attitude of attention all this imitates the way experience itself in its deepest character strikes upon the door of consciousness and clamors for entrance. These are like the initial ways in which the world forces itself upon the self and thrusts the self into decision and choice. <SEP> The presence of genuine mimesis in art is marked by the persistence with which the work demands attention and compels valuation even though it is but vaguely understood. Underlying these conceptions of mimesis are certain presuppositions concerning the nature of primary human experience which require some exposition before the main argument can proceed. <SEP> Experience is not seen as it is in classical rationalism as presenting us initially with clear and distinct objects simply located in space and registering their character movements and changes on the tabula rasa of an uninvolved intellect. Neither is primary experience understood according to the attitude of modern empiricism in which nothing is thought to be received other than signals of sensory qualities producing their responses in the appropriate sense organs. <SEP> Primary feelings of the world come neither as a collection of clearly known objects -LRB- houses trees implements etc. -RRB- nor a collection of isolated and neutral sensory qualities. In contrast to all this primary data are data of a self involved in environing processes and powers. <SEP> The most primitive feelings are rudimentary value feelings both positive and negative : a desire to appropriate this or that part of the environment into oneself a desire to avoid and repel this or that other part. These desires presuppose a sense of causally efficacious powers in which one is involved some working for ones good others threatening ill. <SEP> Gone is the tabula rasa of the mind. In its place is a passionate consciousness grasped and molded to feelings of positive or negative values even as the actions of ones life are determined by constellations of process in which one is caught. <SEP> The principal defender of this view of primary experience as causal efficacy is Alfred North Whitehead. Our most elemental and unavoidable impressions he says are those of being involved in a large arena of powers which have a longer past than our own which are interrelated in a vast movement through the present toward the future. <SEP> We feel the quality of these powers initially as in some degree wholesome or threatening. Later abstractive and rational processes may indicate errors of judgment in these apprehensions of value but the apprehensions themselves are the primary stuff of experience. <SEP> It takes a great deal of abstraction to free oneself from the primitive impression of larger unities of power and influence and to view ones world simply as a collection of sense data arranged in such and such sequence and pattern devoid of all power to move the feelings and actions except in so far as they present themselves for inspection. Whitehead is here questioning David Humes understanding of the nature of experience he is questioning also every epistemology which stems from Humes presupposition that experience is merely sense data in abstraction from causal efficacy and that causal efficacy is something intellectually imputed to the world not directly perceived. <SEP> What Hume calls sensation is what Whitehead calls perception in the mode of presentational immediacy which is a sophisticated abstraction from perception in the mode of causal efficacy. As long as perception is seen as composed only of isolated sense data most of the quality and interconnectedness of existence loses its objectivity becomes an invention of consciousness and the result is a philosophical scepticism. <SEP> Whitehead contends that the human way of understanding existence as a unity of interlocking and interdependent processes which constitute each other and which cause each other to be and not to be is possible only because the basic form of such an understanding for all its vagueness and tendency to mistake the detail is initially given in the way man feels the world. In this respect experience is broader and full of a richer variety of potential meanings than the mind of man or any of his arts or culture are capable of making clear and distinct. <SEP> A chief characteristic of experience in the mode of causal efficacy is one of derivation from the past. Both I and my feelings come up out of a chain of events that fan out into the past into sources that are ultimately very unlike the entity which I now am.
cg13.txt:Hemingway for all his efforts to formulate a naturalistic morality in The Sun Also Rises and A Farewell To Arms never maintained that sex was all. <SEP> Hemingways fiction is supported by a moral backbone and in its search for ultimate meaning hints at a religious dimension. D.H. Lawrence in Fantasia Of The Unconscious protested vehemently against the overestimation of the sexual motive. <SEP> Though sex in some form or other enters into all human activity and it was a good thing that Freud emphasized this aspect of human nature it is fantastic to explain everything in terms of sex. All is not sex declared Lawrence. <SEP> Man is not confined to one outlet for his vital energy. The creative urge for example transcends the body and the self. <SEP> For the beat generation all is sex. Nothing is more revealing of the way of life and literary aspirations of this group than their attitude toward sex. <SEP> The beatnik like the hipster is in opposition to a society that is based on the repression of the sex instinct. He has elevated sex -- not Eros or libido but pure spontaneous uninhibited sex -- to the rank of the godhead it is Astarte Ishtar Venus Yahwe Dionysus Christ the mysterious and divine orgone energy flowing through the body of the universe. <SEP> Jazz is sex marijuana is a stimulus to sex the beat tempo is adjusted to the orgiastic release of the sexual impulse. Lawrence Lipton in The Holy Barbarians stresses that for the beat generation sex is more than a source of pleasure it is a mystique and their private language is rich in the multivalent ambiguities of sexual reference so that they dwell in a sexualized universe of discourse. <SEP> The singular uncompromising force of their revolt against the cult of restraint is illustrated by their refusal to dance in a public place. The dance is but a disguised ritual for the expression of ungratified sexual desire. <SEP> For this reason too their language is more forthright and earthy. The beatniks crave a sexual experience in which their whole being participates. <SEP> It is therefore not surprising that they resist the lure of marriage and the trap of domesticity for like cats they are determined not to tame their sexual energy. They withdraw to the underground of the slums where they can defy the precepts of legalized propriety. <SEP> Unlike the heroes and flappers of the lost generation they disdain the art of necking and petting. That is reserved for the squares. <SEP> If they avoid the use of the pungent outlawed four-letter word it is because it is taboo it is sacred. As Lipton the prophet of the beat generation declares : In the sexual act the beat are filled with mana the divine power. <SEP> This is far from the vulgar leering sexuality of the middle-class square in heat. This is the Holy Grail these knights of the orgasm pursue this is the irresistible cosmic urge to which they respond. <SEP> If Wilhelm Reich is the Moses who has led them out of the Egypt of sexual slavery Dylan Thomas is the poet who offers them the Dionysian dialectic of justification for their indulgence in liquor marijuana sex and jazz. In addition they have been converted to Zen Buddhism with its glorification of all that is natural and mysteriously alive the sense that everything in the world is flowing. <SEP> Thus paradoxically the beat writers resort to religious metaphors : they are in search of mana the spiritual the numinous but not anything connected with formal religion. What they are after is the beatific vision. <SEP> Zen Buddhism though it is extremely difficult to understand how these internal contradictions are reconciled helps them in their struggle to achieve personal salvation through sexual release. The style of life chosen by the beat generation the rhythm and ritual they have adopted as uniquely their own is designed to enhance the value of the sexual experience. <SEP> Jazz is good not only because it promotes wholeness but because of its decided sexual effect. Jazz is the musical language of sex the vocabulary of the orgasm indeed it is maintained that the sexual element in jazz by freeing the listener of his inhibitions can have therapeutic value. <SEP> That is why the argument runs the squares are so fearful of jazz and yet perversely fascinated by it. Instead of giving themselves spontaneously to the orgiastic release that jazz can give them they undergo psychoanalysis or flirt with mysticism or turn to prostitutes for satisfaction. <SEP> Thus jazz is transmuted into something holy the sacred road to integration of being. Jazz like sex is a mystique. <SEP> It is not a substitute for sex but a dynamic expression of the creative impulse in unfettered man. The mystique of sex combined with marijuana and jazz is intended to provide a design for living. <SEP> Those who are sexually liberated can become creatively alive and free their instincts put at the service of the imagination. Righteous in their denunciation of all that makes for death the beat prophets bid all men become cool cats let them learn to swing freely to let go to become authentically themselves and then perhaps civilization will be saved. <SEP> The beatnik seceding from a society that is fatally afflicted with a deathward drive is concerned with his personal salvation in the living present. If he is the child of nothingness if he is the predestined victim of an age of atomic wars then he will consult only his own organic needs and go beyond good and evil. <SEP> He will not curb his instinctual desires but release the energy within him that makes him feel truly and fully alive even if it is only for this brief moment before the apocalypse of annihilation explodes on earth. That is why the members of the beat generation proudly assume the title of the holy barbarians they will destroy the shrines temples museums and churches of the state that is the implacable enemy of the life they believe in. <SEP> Apart from the categorical imperative they derive from the metaphysics of the orgasm the only affirmation they are capable of making is that art is their only refuge. Their writing born of their experiments in marijuana and untrammeled sexuality reflects the extremity of their existential alienation. <SEP> The mind has betrayed them reason is the foe of life they will trust only their physical sensations the wisdom of the body the holy promptings of the unconscious. With lyrical intensity they reveal what they hate but their faith in love inspired by the revolutionary rhythms of jazz culminates in the climax of the orgasm. <SEP> Their work mirrors the mentality of the psychopath rootless and irresponsible. Their rebellion against authoritarian society is not far removed from the violence of revolt characteristic of the juvenile delinquent. <SEP> The life they lead is undisciplined and for the most part unproductive even though they make a fetish of devoting themselves to some creative pursuit -- writing painting music. They are non-conformists on principle. <SEP> When they express themselves it is incandescent hatred that shines forth the rage of repudiation the ecstasy of negation. It is sex that obsesses them sex that is at the basis of their aesthetic creed. <SEP> What they discuss with dialectical seriousness is the degree to which sex can inspire the Muse. Monogamy is the vice from which the abjectly fearful middle class continue to suffer whereas the beatnik has the courage to break out of that prison of respectability. <SEP> One girl describes her past her succession of broken marriages the abortions she has had and finally confesses that she loves sex and sees no reason why she must justify her passion. If it is an honest feeling then why should she not yield to it <SEP> Most often she says its the monogamous relationship that is dishonest. There is nothing holy in wedlock. <SEP> This girl soon drops the bourgeois pyschiatrist who disapproves of her life. She finds married life stifling and every prolonged sex relationship unbearably monotonous. <SEP> This confession serves to make clear in part what is behind this sexual revolution : the craving for sensation for its own sake the need for change for new experiences. Boredom is death. <SEP> In the realm of physical sensations sex reigns supreme. Hence the beatniks sustain themselves on marijuana jazz free swinging poetry exhausting themselves in orgies of sex some of them are driven over the borderline of sanity and lose contact with reality. <SEP> One beat poet composes a poem Lines On A Tijuana John which contains a few happy hints for survival. The new fact the initiates of this cult have to learn is that they must move toward simplicity. <SEP> The professed mission of this disaffiliated generation is to find a new way of life which they can express in poetry and fiction but what they produce is unfortunately disordered nourished solely on the hysteria of negation. Who are the creative representatives of this movement Nymphomaniacs junkies homosexuals drug addicts lesbians alcoholics the weak the frustrated the irresolute the despairing the derelicts and outcasts of society. <SEP> They embrace independent poverty usually with a shack-up partner who will help support them. They are full of contempt for the institution of matrimony. <SEP> Their previous legalized marriages do not count for they hold the laws of the state null and void. They feel they are leagued against a hostile persecutory world faced with the concerted malevolent opposition of squares and their hirelings the police. <SEP> This is the rhetoric of righteousness the beatniks use in defending their way of life their search for wholeness though their actual existence fails to reach these religious heights. One beatnik got the woman he was living with so involved in drugs and self-analysis and all-night sessions of sex that she was beginning to crack up. <SEP> What obsessions had she picked up during these long nights of talk Sex as the creative principle of the universe the secret of primitive religion the life of myth. Everything in the final analysis reduced itself to sexual symbolism. <SEP> In his chapter on The Loveways Of The Beat Generation Lipton spares the reader none of the sordid details. No one asks questions about the free union of the sexes in West Venice so long as the partners share the negative attitudes of the group. <SEP> The women who come to West Venice having forsaken radicalism are interested in living only for the moment in being constantly on the move. Others who are attracted to this Mecca of the beat generation are homosexuals heroin addicts and smalltime hoodlums. <SEP> Those who are sexual deviants are naturally drawn to join the beatniks. Since the homosexuals widely use marijuana they do not have to be initiated. <SEP> Part of the ritual of sex is the use of marijuana. As Lipton puts it : The Eros is felt in the magic circle of marijuana with far greater force as a unifying principle in human relationships than at any other time except perhaps in the mutual metaphysical orgasms. <SEP> The magic circle is in fact a symbol of and preparation for the metaphysical orgasm. Under the influence of marijuana the beatnik comes alive within and experiences a wonderfully enhanced sense of self as if he had discovered the open sesame to the universe of being. <SEP> Carried high on this charge he composes magical poetry that captures the organic rhythms of life in words. If he thus achieves a lyrical dreamlike drugged intensity he pays the price for his indulgence by producing work -- Allen Ginsbergs Howl is a striking example of this tendency -- that is disoriented Dionysian but without depth and without Apollonian control. <SEP> Drugs are in themselves no royal road to creativity. How is the beat poet to achieve unity of form when he is at the same time engaged in a systematic derangement of senses. <SEP> If love reflects the nature of man as Ortega Y Gasset believes if the person in love betrays decisively what he is by his behavior in love then the writers of the beat generation are creating a new literary genre.
cf04.txt:Food is wonderful and it is a lot of fun to be here <SEP> So wrote a ten year old student in a letter to his parents from North Country School Lake Placid New York. In this one sentence he unwittingly revealed the basic philosophy of the nutrition and psychological programs in operation at the school. <SEP> Because the food is selected with thought for its nutritional value care for its origin and prepared in a manner that retains the most nutrients the food does taste good. When served in a psychological atmosphere that allows young bodies to assimilate the greatest good from what they eat because they are free from tension a foundation is laid for a high level of health that releases the children from physical handicaps to participate with enjoyment in the work assignments the athletic programs and the most important phase the educational opportunities. <SEP> Situated in a region of some of the loveliest mountain scenery in the country the school buildings are located amid open fields and farm lands. These contemporary structures beautifully adapted to a school in the country are home to children ages eight to fourteen grades four through eight. <SEP> From fourteen states and three foreign countries they come to spend the months from mid-September to June. The Director Walter E. Clark believes that a school with children living full time in its care must take full responsibility for their welfare. <SEP> To him this means caring for the whole child providing basic nutrition and a spiritual attitude that lends freedom for the development of the mind. Improved farming methods The concept of good nutrition really began with the garden. <SEP> The school has always maintained a farm to supply the needs of the school. In a climate hostile to agriculture Mr. Clark has had to keep alert to the most productive farm techniques. <SEP> Where a growing season may with luck allow days without frost and where the soil is poor sandy quick-drying and subject to erosion many farmers fail. Throughout the Adirondack region abandoned farm homes and wild orchards bear ghostly testimony that their owners met defeat. <SEP> Mr. Clark found that orthodox procedures of deep plowing use of chemical fertilizers and insecticides plus the application of conservation principles of rotation and contouring did not prevent sheet erosion in the potato fields and depreciation of the soil. To give up these notions required a revolution in thought Mr. Clark said in reminiscing about the abrupt changes in ideas he experienced when he began reading Organic Gardening And Modern Nutrition in a search for help with his problems. <SEP> Louis Bromfields writings excited me as a conservationist. By he was convinced he would no longer spray. <SEP> He locked his equipment in a cabinet where it still remains. After reading Plowmans Folly by Edward H. Faulkner he stopped plowing. <SEP> The basis for compost materials already existed on the school farm with a stable of animals for the riding program poultry for eggs pigs to eat garbage a beef herd and wastes of all kinds. Separate pails were kept in the kitchen for coffee grounds and egg shells. <SEP> All these materials and supplementary manure and other fertilizers from neighboring dairy and poultry farms made over tons of finished compost a year. It was applied with a compost shredder made from a converted manure spreader. <SEP> Years of patient application of compost and leaf mulching has changed the structure of the soil and its water-holding capacity. Soon after the method changed visitors began asking how he managed to irrigate his soil to keep it looking moist when in reality it was the soil treatment alone that accomplished this. <SEP> To demonstrate the soil of his vegetable gardens as it is today Mr. Clark stooped to scoop up a handful of rich dark earth. Sniffing its sweet smell and letting it fall to show its good crumbly consistency he pointed to the nearby driveway and said This soil used to be like that hard packed road over there. <SEP> People and soils respond slowly says Walter Clark but the time has now come when the gardens produce delicious long-keeping vegetables due to this enrichment program. No chemical fertilizers and poisonous insecticides and fungicides are used. <SEP> The garden supplies enough carrots turnips rutabagas potatoes beets cabbage and squash to store for winter meals in the root cellar. The carrots sometimes dont make it through the winter the cabbage and squash keep until March or April. <SEP> There is never enough corn peas or strawberries. Mr. Clark still has to use rotenone with potatoes grown on the least fertile fields but he has watched the insect damage decrease steadily and hopes that continued use of compost and leaf mulch will allow him to do without it in the future. <SEP> A new project planned is the use of Bio-Dynamic Starter. New ideas for improving nutrition came with the study of soil treatment. <SEP> After the soil the kitchen says Mr. Clark. The first major change was that of providing wholewheat bread instead of white bread. <SEP> Adults take a long time to convince and you are thwarted if you try to push. At first the kitchen help was tolerant but ordered their own supply of white bread for themselves. <SEP> You cant make French toast with whole-wheat bread was an early complaint. Of course they learned in time that they not only could use whole-wheat bread but the children liked it better. Homemade bread <SEP> Mrs. Clark as house manager planned the menus and cared for the ordering. Then Miss Lillian Colman came from Vermont to be kitchen manager. <SEP> Today whole grains are freshly ground every day and baked into bread. Mr. Clarks studies taught him that the only way to conserve the vitamins in the whole grain was prompt use of the flour. <SEP> Once the grains are ground vitamin E begins to deteriorate immediately and half of it is lost by oxidation and exposure to the air within one week. A mill stands in a room off the kitchen. <SEP> Surrounding it are metal cans of grains ordered from organic farms in the state. Miss Colman pours measures of whole wheat oats and soy beans and turns on the motor. <SEP> She goes on about her work and listens for the completion of the grinding. The bread baked from this mixture is light in color and fragrant in aroma. <SEP> It is well liked by the children and faculty. There is one problem with the bread. <SEP> Lillians bread is so good and everything tastes so much better here that it is hard not to eat too much said the secretary ruefully eyeing her extra pounds. Hot freshly-ground cereal The school has not used cold prepared cereals for years though at one time that was all they ever served. <SEP> When the chance came they first eliminated cold cereal once a week then gradually converted to hot fresh-ground cereal every day. They serve cracked wheat oats or cornmeal. <SEP> Occasionally the children find steamed whole-wheat grains for cereal which they call buckshot. At the beginning of the school year the new students dont eat the cereal right away but within a short time they are eating it voraciously. <SEP> When they leave for vacations they miss the hot cereal. The school has received letters from parents asking What happened to Johnny <SEP> He never used to like any hot cereal now thats the only kind he wants. Where can we get this cereal he likes so much Body-building foods <SEP> Salads are served at least once a day. Vegetables are served liberally. <SEP> Most come from the root cellar or from the freezer. Home-made sauerkraut is served once a week. <SEP> Sprouted grains and seeds are used in salads and dishes such as chop suey. Sometimes sprouted wheat is added to bread and causes the children to remark Lillian did you put nuts in the bread today <SEP> Milk appears twice a day. The school raises enough poultry pigs and beef cattle for most of their needs. <SEP> Lots of cheese made from June grass milk is served. Hens are kept on the range and roosters are kept with them for their fertility. <SEP> Organ meats such as beef and chicken liver tongue and heart are planned once a week. Also salt water fish is on the table once a week. <SEP> For deserts puddings and pies are each served once a week. Most other desserts are fruit in some form fresh fruits once daily at least sometimes at snack time. <SEP> Dried fruits are purchased from sources where they are neither sulphured nor sprayed. Apples come from a farm in Vermont where they are not sprayed. <SEP> Oranges and grapefruit are shipped from Florida weekly from an organic farm. Finding sources for these high quality foods is a problem. <SEP> Sometimes the solution comes in unexpected ways. Following a talk by Mr. Clark at the New York State Natural Food Associates Convention a man from the audience offered to ship his unsprayed apples to the school from Vermont. <SEP> Wheat-germ brewers yeast and ground kelp are used in bread and in dishes such as spaghetti sauce meat loaves. Miss Colman hopes to find suitable shakers so that kelp can be available at the tables. <SEP> Raw wheat-germ is available on the breakfast table for the children to help themselves. Very few fried foods are used and the use of salt and pepper is discouraged. <SEP> Drinking with meals is also discouraged pitchers of water merely appear on the tables. Nothing is peeled. <SEP> The source is known so there is no necessity to remove insecticide residues. The cooking conserves a maximum of the vitamin C content of vegetables by methods which use very little water and cook in the shortest time possible. Wholesome snacks no candy <SEP> Since Mr. Clark believes firmly that the chewing of hard foods helps develop healthy gums and teeth raw vegetables and raw whole-wheat grains are handed out with fresh fruit and whole-wheat cookies at snack time in the afternoons. To solve the problem of the wheat grains spilling on the floor and getting underfoot a ball of maple syrup boiled to candy consistency was invented to hold the grains. <SEP> On their frequent hikes into the nearby mountains the children carry whole grains to munch along the trail. They learn to like these so well that it isnt surprising to hear that one boy tried the oats he was feeding his horse at chore time. <SEP> They tasted good to him so he brought some to breakfast to eat in his cereal bowl with milk and honey. Maple syrup is made by the children in the woods on the school grounds. <SEP> This and raw sugar replace ordinary refined sugar on the tables and very little sugar is used in cooking. Candy is not allowed. <SEP> Parents are asked in the bulletin to send packages of treats consisting of fruit and nuts but no candy. Nourishing meals Mr. Clark believes in a good full breakfast of fruit hot cereal milk honey whole-wheat toast with real butter and eggs. <SEP> The heavy meal comes in the middle of the day. Soup is often the important dish at supper. <SEP> Homemade of meat bones and vegetables it is rich in dissolved minerals and vitamins. The school finds that the children are satisfied with smaller amounts of food since all of it is high in quality. <SEP> The cost to feed one person is just under one dollar a day. Outdoor exercises Even before he saw the necessity of growing better food and planning good nutrition Mr. Clark felt the school had a good health program. <SEP> Rugged outdoor exercise for an hour and a half every day in all kinds of weather was the rule. A vigorous program existed in skiing skating sports and overnight hiking. Healthier children <SEP> Since the change to better nutrition he feels he can report on improvements in health though he considers the following statements observations and not scientific proof. Visitors to the school ask what shampoo they use on the childrens hair to bring out the sheen. <SEP> The ruddy complexion of the faces also brings comment.
cl17.txt:Safe at Ingleside District Station stands next to the gum machine in a narrow passageway that leads to Captain Harriss office -LRB- to the left -RRB- the lieutenants office -LRB- farther along and to the left -RRB- and the janitors supply closet -LRB- straight ahead -RRB-. <SEP> The safe is a repository for three dead flashlight batteries a hundred and fifty unused left-hand fingerprint cards a stack of unsold Policemens Ball tickets from last year and thirty-seven cents in coins and stamps. Gun set the captains fifth of Hiram Walker inside the safe before he reported to Lt. Killpath though he knew that Killpaths ulcer prevented him from making any untoward incursion on Herman Wolffs gift. <SEP> It was more a matter of tact and also it was none of Killpaths goddam business. He walked up to the lieutenants office leaned wearily against the gun rack that housed four rifles and a gas gun nobody remembered having used and a submachine gun that was occasionally tried out on the Academy Range. <SEP> He stared at the clerk who sat at a scarred and ancient fumed-oak desk stuffing envelopes. Wheres the Lieut <SEP> The clerk wagged his head toward the captains office. Gun went to the connecting door which was open and stood at attention while Orville Torrence Killpath in full uniform finished combing his hair. <SEP> The lieutenants sparse brown hair was heavily pomaded and as Killpath raked the comb through it it stuck together in thatches so that it looked like umbrella ribs clinging to his pink skull. The lieutenant eyed Guns reflection in the mirror over the washbowl and then glanced back at his own face moving the comb methodically around his head. <SEP> Leave me alone Gun thought. Fight with Sam Schaeffer fight with the whole damned Bureau. <SEP> Leave me alone. Im looking for the son of a bitch that killed that old man and Im going to get him. <SEP> You just leave me to hell alone Lieutenant. Killpath peered through half-closed lids at his reflection thrust up his chin in a gesture of satisfaction and about-faced. <SEP> Gun waited for Killpath to sit down behind the desk near the window. He sat stiff-backed in a chair that did not swivel though it was obvious to Gun that Killpath felt his position as acting captain plainly merited a swivel chair. <SEP> The desk before him was in no better repair than the rest of the furniture crowded into the room including wooden file cabinets with some of their pulls yanked off and a wardrobe stained with the roof seepage of countless seasons. Killpath pulled one thin leg up clamping his arms around the shinbone to press his knee into an incredibly scrawny gut. <SEP> It was the posture which the men had come to recognize as that of Killpath defying his ulcer. He put his chin on his kneecap stretching his neck like that of a turkey on a chopping block and stared wordlessly at his sergeant. <SEP> Gun waited. The : bell rang and he could hear the outside doors bang shut closing in the assembled day watch. <SEP> Finally Orville intoned through his hawk nose We cant have people running in any time they please Sergeant. No sir. Running in running out. <SEP> Cant have it. Makes for confusion and congestion. <SEP> He rocked back in the chair knee locked against stomach his beady eyes fixed on Matson. He was silent again possibly listening to the sounds in the squadroom. <SEP> Roll was being called. Gun cleared his throat. <SEP> Killpath said You were expected to report to my office twenty minutes ago Sergeant. Thats not getting all the juice out of the orange now is it No sir. <SEP> Then Killpath smiled. Gun knew that nothing but aces back to back would give the lieutenant an ulcer and a smile at the same time. <SEP> The day-watch platoon commander Lt. Rinker was calling out the beat assignments but Matson couldnt make the names mean anything. I called the station at three this morning Killpaths nasal voice pronounced. <SEP> You have any idea who might have been in charge at the time Sergeant Vaughn sir. Now now youre just guessing Sergeant. <SEP> He smiled thinly savoring his joke. What if I said nobody was here but a couple of patrolmen Sir Vaughn knows better than to leave the station without a relief. <SEP> He must have -- He let a patrolman take over the duties of the station keeper. <SEP> Now thats not regulation is it No sir. But you didnt know a thing about it did you <SEP> Killpath leaned forward his foot slipped off the chair and he put it back again frowning now. Thats not taking ones command with a responsible attitude Matson. <SEP> Gun told himself that the old bastard was a fool. Stupidity was no consolation when it had rank. <SEP> I was out in the district sir. Oh yes. So I have heard. <SEP> He stretched a pale hand out to the scattered papers on his desk. I might point out that your inability to report to my office this morning when you were instructed to do so has not ah limited my knowledge of your activities as you may have hoped. <SEP> He took up a white sheet of paper dark with single-spaced data. A car pulled into the driveway outside the window. <SEP> Gun knew it was Car the wagon returned from delivering Inglesides drunk-and-disorderlies to the City Jail. For some fool reason he couldnt remember which men hed put on the transfer detail. <SEP> He stared at the report in Killpaths hand sure it was written by Accacia -- just as sure as if hed submitted it in his scrawled longhand. He sucked in his breath and kept quiet while Killpath laid down the sheet again wound the gold-wire stems of his glasses around his ears and then eying the report as it lay before him on the desk intoned Acting Lieutenant Gunnar Matson one failed to see that the station keeper was properly relieved two absented himself throughout the entire watch without checking on the stations activities or the whereabouts of his section sergeants three permitted members of the Homicide Detail of the Inspectors Bureau to arrogate for their own convenience a patrolman who was thereby prevented from carrying on his proper assignment four failed to notify the station commander Acting Captain O.T. Killpath of a homicide occurring in the district five frequented extralegal establishments known as after-hours spots for purposes of an unofficial and purportedly social nature and six -- he leaned back and peeled off his glasses -- failed to co-operate with the Acting Captain by returning promptly when so ordere <SEP> What have you to say to that Sergeant Killpath sailed the paper across the desk but Matson didnt pick it up or even glance at it. Well <SEP> I didnt think Accacia knew so many big words Lieutenant. Killpath licked his lips. <SEP> Patrolman Accacia is an alert and conscientious law-enforcement officer. I dont think his diligence mitigates your negligence Matson. Negligence hell <SEP> Gun held his breath a moment pushing the volume and pitch of his voice down under the trapdoor in his throat. Sir. I would have been negligent and a goddam lousy cop to boot if Id sat around this station all night when somebody got away with murder in my district. <SEP> Its too bad I didnt call you and its too bad I let Schaeffer use Accacia when he could have had a boy whod be glad to learn something of Homicide procedure. Im not one damned bit sorry I went out to question the people I know in the places they hang around and -- <SEP> Lets not push our patience beyond the danger line Sergeant Killpath nasaled. I shouldnt like to have to write you up for insubordination as well as dereliction of duty. <SEP> Gun stiffened his hands balling into fists at his sides. He clamped his jaws to keep the fury from spilling out. <SEP> An argument with Orville Torrence Killpath was as frustrating and as futile as a cap pistol on a firing range. Killpath leaned forward again rocked comfortably with his arms still wrapped around one knee. <SEP> Lets just remember Sergeant that we must all carry our own umbrella. A district station cant run smoothly unless -- <SEP> He interrupted himself looking around Gun at the doorway. Morning Lieutenant Rinker. Sorry Orville. I thought you hadnt come in yet. <SEP> Ive been here for some time. He stood up cocked his head and eyed Gun coldly. <SEP> The sergeant is just leaving. It had come as no great surprise to Matson that the hot water in the showers didnt work that Loren Severe had thrown up all over the stairs or that some thieving bastard of a cop had walked off with his cigarettes. <SEP> It was the best he could hope for on a watch that had ended with a session in Killpaths office. Now as he passed the open counter that divided the assembly room from the business office he nodded and said good night to the station keeper and his clerks not stopping to hear the day-watch playback of his chewing out. <SEP> He gave a damn what the grapevine sent out about Killpaths little speech on the comportment of platoon commanders. He just didnt want to talk about it. <SEP> If the acting captain wanted his acting lieutenant to sit on his ass around the station all night Killpath would just have to go out and drag Gun back by the heels once an hour because hed be damned if he was going to be a mid-watch pencil-pusher just to please his ulcerated pro-tem captain. At the doorway he squinted up at the gray morning overcast and patted his jacket pockets for the cigarettes remembering then that hed left them at the Doughnuttery. <SEP> He could pick up another pack on his way home if he were going home. Even before he started across the oiled road to his Plymouth parked in the lot under the cypress trees across from the station he knew that he wasnt going home. Not yet. <SEP> It was nine oclock in the morning : the hour which like a spade turning clods of earth exposed to the day a myriad of busy creatures that had lain dormant in the quiet night. Mission Street at this hour was populated by a whole community that Gun could not have seen on his tour of duty -- the neighborhood that had known Urbano Quintana by day. <SEP> Then Sol Phillips had purchased the Alliance Furniture Mart seventeen years ago. It was professedly worth three thousand dollars in stock and good will and the name was written in gold in foot-high letters across each of the two display windows. <SEP> On the right window at eye level in smaller print but also in gold was Gonzalez Prop. And under that Se Habla Espanol. Mr. Phillips took a razor to Gonzalez Prop. But left the promise that Spanish would be understood because he thought it meant that Spanish clientele would be welcome. <SEP> Language was no problem anyway Mr. Phillips had only to signal from his doorway to summon aid from the ubiquitous bilingual children who played on the sidewalks of Mission Street. Aside from the fact that business was slow this time of year and his one salesgirl was not the most enterprising Mr. Phillips had no worries at all and he said as much to Gun Matson who sat across from him in civilian clothes on a Jiffy-Couch-a-Bed mauve velour $. U nothing-down special <SEP> Shes honest as the day Mr. Phillips said and added Mr. Gunnar I can say this to you : Beebe is a little too honest. You cant tell a customer how much its going to cost him to refinance his payments before he even signs for a loan on the money down <SEP> A time plan is a mere convenience you understand and when -- He interrupted himself smiling. <SEP> I put her in lamps. That way I dont lose so much. <SEP> Why dont you just hire somebody else
