In the Lions first 2017 preseason game, Hyder suffered a torn Achilles, ending his 2017 season.
Foveated imaging is a gaze - contingency paradigm form you know so well okay I mean you know you know uh so so of digital image processing in which the image resolution, so um uh um um like like uh so well or amount of detail, varies across the image according to so okay okay I mean you know so okay like you know well one or more 'points of gaze' or 'regions of interest'.
In terms of cognitive psychology, it refers to a decision I mean so okay I mean like um you know okay well okay - maker's dynamic knowledge and understanding, or mental model, of like I mean like you know I mean like like you know so um a complex and evolving task situation, its purpose being to enable rapid and appropriate decisions and support effective actions.
The school was established at São João del I mean um uh like okay okay you know well um so Rei, Minas Gerais, on 1 May 1909, by Order okay so uh uh you know okay like you know I mean I mean of Friars Minor and solidified itself as a benchmark in education, welcoming students from all over the country.
The match has previously been played in Cardiff Arms Park I mean I mean okay like you know well so I mean well uh and St Helens, returning to Cardiff Arms Park well you know well okay like you know so like um uh for the 2007, 2008 and 2009 matches, while the 2010 match like like um okay like so so you know well okay will be played at Swansea's Liberty Stadium for the first time.
It is the world's largest retail property group by equity well you know uh uh um I mean so you know you know uh market capitalisation, yet it is still chaired by Frank Lowy, one of its founders.
Ivan Reitman, OC (born October 27, 1946) is okay well like well so um okay uh you know you know a Canadian film producer and director, best known for his comedy work, especially in the 1980s and 1990s.
Utkal Deepika owed its birth to the upsurge of nationalism playing a significant role in sociopolitical life of Orissa.
The danger arises from the airport's physical position, covered by so like uh you know you know uh uh like well okay two side hills, with both ends of the runway leading to the sea.
Zander first gained attention after uploading his composition, 'Epic Love' onto um like I mean uh I mean I mean well you know um okay YouTube in 2008; the video, featuring extensive use of I mean okay you know um um you know uh uh like okay tapping and harmonics, has since garnered over 380, 000 views.
Several restaurants and bars are also located in The Octagon, um you know you know so you know like so I mean you know um and in fine weather there is a considerable amount of open - air dining.
In July 1986, 'Hot Mix' received a permanent uh well I mean uh like okay you know like you know so spot on KZZP on Fridays and used the recording studios at KZZP to mix and record their show.
All but one tirailleurs fell into captivity and the prisoners were taken to Culiacan prison.
The Rolling Stones covered the song on their second well okay I mean like like so like I mean like uh US album '12 X 5' in 1964 and performed it you know like uh you know um like like so um uh as part of their first, October 1964, appearance on the Ed Sullivan Show.
Dittrich was vice president of Liberal International until October 2007 I mean uh so uh so well like you know I mean so but he now works for Human Rights Watch in you know okay okay so so so well okay well you know New York City, as Advocacy Director of the Lesbian Gay Bisexual & Transexual rights program.
The Constanţa metropolitan area, founded in 2007, comprises 14 localities so I mean I mean like okay well like you know well well located at a maximum distance of from the city, and um okay well I mean uh so so I mean well okay with 446, 595 inhabitants it is the second largest metropolitan area in Romania, after Bucharest.
Bedford is a local prison holding Category B I mean um I mean uh like so well so uh well male prisoners who have been remanded from Luton Crown Court and all magistrates' courts in Bedfordshire.
She becomes attracted to him and the next day they share a private walk on the beach.
Realizing the dog is not alive, and that it like okay I mean so so I mean well okay um um is possessed, the father finally makes a special trip to Ecuador to determine how to destroy the animal.
The Archaeological Museum of Cherchell is located in the center like um um okay okay well well okay okay like of the seaport town of Cherchell in Algeria's Tipaza Province, the well okay okay like I mean um so you know um well Cherchell Museum houses what are widely considered to be well I mean I mean uh uh um well I mean like okay the some of the best examples of Roman and Greek antiquities on the African continent.
The later deposits from the Tertiary, however, are of um uh you know um like uh you know so uh okay lesser importance, with only small amounts of sand and gravel being quarried near the Villmarer Galgenberg.
But when Ryad is kidnapped by the drug dealer uh um well well I mean I mean so uh uh like Latif, Malik tracks down Latif's partner inside the prison, kidnaps his family, and forces Latif's gang to release Ryad.
'For All Time' was formally released to radio on February 12, 2002.
In the following week, J and Linda get well like well um well um like I mean uh uh married in Mexico, and on the day of their wedding they come back to their house.
The early missionaries who arrived in Lahaina in 1823 explained so you know uh okay so um so so well okay to the Hawaiian Royalty the importance of an educational institution, I mean um um I mean I mean so so you know well okay a number of which are buried in a small grave yard.
Public Administration Review, 2010: pg. 681 - 690 James Perry like well you know well like like so okay you know uh is one such scholar whose research reveals that public um you know uh um like I mean so well like so servants tend to be more intrinsically motivated, and thus, are prone to have a negative reaction to monetary incentives.
Proto - prog is the advanced music that slightly okay well so okay okay like well okay like uh predates the post- 1969 prog era, a time when 'progressive rock' constituted a a diversity of loosely associated style codes.
Burgoyne had gained the field of battle, but suffered like so um so um well like well I mean like nearly 600 casualties, mostly in Hamilton's centre so okay uh you know like uh so um okay you know column, where the 62nd was reduced to the size um uh uh so like um so you know um uh of a single company and three quarters of the artillery men were killed or wounded.
If the train must continue a journey after calling uh um uh you know I mean you know well well like um at a terminal station, the train may not continue in uh so you know okay um so I mean uh I mean so a straight line through the station, it must reverse out of the station.
There are numerous engineers from Amraha, such as Nehal, Shakir, Nurul.
She co-wrote the film with Gia and Tim Grace, and also starred in the movie.
In 1929, he isolated and crystallized the gastric enzyme pepsin and I mean um so like so so so you know like um determined that it was a protein and in 1938 uh you know okay uh you know I mean um uh okay you know he isolated and crystallized the first bacteriophage (a small virus that attacks bacteria), and determined that it was a nucleoprotein.
According to legend, William II de Soules, who you know you know um um well I mean I mean so um I mean was lord of Hermitage Castle, was arrested and boiled alive by uh so um well well well uh okay like uh his tenants at the site in 1320 in a cauldron I mean okay so I mean um okay well okay well okay suspended from the two large stones, on account of being a particularly oppressive and cruel landlord.
Khmer and Mon - Khmer make up approximately 6 %, um um you know so like well like so so I mean the Malays of Southern Thailand make up around you know I mean so uh you know so you know um okay well 3 %, hill tribes like Hmong (Mien), Karen and other small hill tribes make up around 1 %.
Many celebrate on the 21st since many early Wiccan okay so so so I mean I mean okay like you know okay and Neopagan sources reference this date although due to global warming it no longer falls that early.
In law, a precedent that is on all fours with the so um okay like like you know so uh like uh case at hand is one that almost exactly tracks it, sharing near - identical facts and issues.
George Gideon Oliver Osborne, (born Gideon Oliver Osborne; 23 May well so you know so I mean okay uh you know like well 1971) is a British Conservative Party politician, who has been Member of Parliament (MP) for Tatton since June 2001.
The generic military history stubs are and; for a complete list of stubs, see and.
If there is no article, or an article without so you know uh uh um you know okay um so okay sources, please do not add t not add links to firms' web sites.
He became ruler in June 530 after deposing his so so okay okay um um uh like you know um first cousin, two generations removed, Hilderic, who had angered well well so like well I mean like well um well the Vandal nobility by converting to Catholic Christianity, most of um uh okay I mean okay you know um you know um like the Vandals at this time being fiercely devoted to Arian Christianity.
Darnall is an suburb eastern Sheffield, it was initially a small hamlet usually included with Attercliffe.
Born in Ingham, Queensland, Copley moved to Brisbane at a young okay okay okay like well okay you know okay so okay age, Copley played his junior rugby league for the I mean like so uh so you know well uh well like Aspley Devils and attended Wavell State High School before being signed by the Brisbane Broncos.
They built a large palace on the hill so so um so um like like um okay uh of Bribir, an ideal place to control the surrounding territory, okay so uh I mean I mean uh well um you know so overseeing all roads and approaches from the sea to the hinterland.
In 1995, developer Geary Simon renovated the streetcar I mean um I mean okay you know you know okay uh I mean I mean station as a food court called 'Dupont Down Under'; so so I mean okay like I mean um um so uh the project ultimately failed and shut down a year later.
Most bluetooth keyboards, except a few, are not well okay um um like I mean well uh uh I mean compatible across operating systems, so compatibility of the so you know um um I mean you know well uh so I mean keyboard needs to be checked before purchasing one; this is um well so I mean I mean like so uh you know like because of the special function keys which differ between Android and iOS.
He made his debut with the crime film 'Nayakan' (2010), well I mean like well um okay uh like you know I mean following it up with 'City of God' (2011) and 'Amen' like so uh so well so you know okay uh uh (2013), the latter being a big commercial success at the box - office.
According to historian Stevan K. Pavlowitch, the bombing of um uh so you know well like you know okay okay so Belgrade lasted for three days, other sources state so okay um well I mean okay so I mean uh so the air battle over Belgrade lasted just two days owing to poor flying weather on 8 April.
Most flatcars can not carry more than one well um um uh uh I mean um um okay well standard 40 foot container, but if the rail line has been well you know you know like uh like well um like so built with sufficient vertical clearance, a double - stack car can well uh well okay so I mean I mean so I mean okay accept a container and still leave enough clearance for another container on top.
The league also said there would be television coverage uh well well okay you know um um um like so of its matches in the United States, the United Kingdom, well like um uh like uh okay well um I mean France, the Czech Republic, Serbia, Southeast Asia, the Middle I mean um well okay so you know you know I mean uh like East, Sub-Saharan Africa and countries worldwide and reach over 300 million households.
Anna's hummingbirds can shake their bodies 55 times per second well um you know like okay okay uh um um um to shed rain while in flight or, in dry weather, to remove pollen or dirt from feathers.
Like Dieckhoff, he sent warnings to the German government advising um okay I mean uh um uh uh okay um okay them of President Roosevelt's hostility, and was also involved in several uh like so uh well like uh I mean well okay attempts to drum up American isolationist opinion, including efforts to get um um well um uh um like well uh well American authors to write in opposition to American involvement in the War.
The club joined the Northern Amateur League in um um like uh uh you know well well okay like 1994, entering in Division 2C, and winning five trophies, including the 2C championship in their first season.
Cardiac magnetic resonance may also be used as a like uh um like uh so okay um like like diagnostic tool, and finally, cardiac catheterization may determine the extent of the regurgitation.
The episode was a watershed moment in the labor I mean um um like okay uh like um you know well movement; its annual commemoration later became known as May Day, a celebration of labor.
He has hoodwinked the media into accepting him as so okay okay like okay well like you know so I mean the go to person for comment on issues concerning the um so well you know okay okay so like um um Muslim community even though he has no official standing within the um so um you know uh so well okay I mean okay community as any elected or appointed person by the community he speaks for.
The Buzz Feiten Tuning System is factory - okay you know you know okay so uh you know uh you know you know installed on several well - known brands and qualified luthiers who are able to incorporate Feiten's formula into their instruments.
At 6: 00 PM the troops were ordered to retreat, and within uh I mean I mean uh um um you know well you know like two hours the mob was moving about the city, sacking well okay I mean well I mean I mean well you know I mean I mean shops and breaking into armories and a local gun factory to procure arms.
The writers of 'The Simpsons' know about the okay okay you know I mean you know so like you know like well forum and have on several occasions read the comments made you know um uh um um I mean you know so you know uh on it; the character Comic Book Guy is often okay I mean you know uh okay I mean okay you know you know I mean used in the show to lampoon and respond to the newsgroups fans.
Jainism is a minority religion in Thailand, Malaysia, Singapore etc. However, uh so well well um okay well well like okay the civilisation of India in general, has influenced well okay well so you know um so okay I mean like the languages, scripts, calendars, and artistic aspects of these people and nations.
Proletarian nation (, ) was a concept that fascism, especially Mussolini like like like like well okay so well okay so used for referring to Italy and other poorer countries, subjugated by the imperialist powers, of occident.
It is backed by Lions Gate Entertainment and um uh um you know I mean uh like well uh um Televisa and made theatrical, relationships with movie exhibition chains including Regal Entertainment Group, AMC Theatres, cinemex, and Cinemark.
The episode continues from the previous episode Guess What's well like so well I mean uh so uh okay okay Coming to Dinner? with the mortally injured Cylon Natalie I mean so okay like well like uh like okay uh being taken to the sickbay where, after seeing visions of green trees, she dies.
Marilyn Monroe was found dead on August 5, 1962, at her so um so uh uh I mean like like like so 12305 Fifth Helena Drive home in Polk County of um so well so okay I mean I mean so you know you know a top - billed actress for a decade, and her films grossed $ 200 million by 1962.
Faizi goes to Switzerland to study hotel management at you know uh uh I mean okay uh okay you know okay so the University of Lausanne and when he returns with much I mean well so okay like so uh like so like fanfare after the course, it is revealed that he uh uh like okay um you know well well well well has secretly studied to become a chef and not hotel management.
Kobach is currently of counsel with IRLI, the legal arm uh um I mean so well um like okay uh I mean of FAIR, which is described as a 'hate group,' by the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC).
People began to socialize at ceremonial, deep pit - houses that um uh so so you know well you know so well you know evolved into kivas and developed rituals for rain, sunshine and a successful harvest.
In 2009 Alyssa choose to played as Marissa (the like uh um so so well well well I mean so Flora Venom) one of the Darna's enemy as the story you know so I mean you know like I mean well like um so continue she got her power with Lucefera (Ang Babaeng Tuod) whom portrayed by Francine Prieto.
Several years before her death she moved to I mean you know I mean well like so uh um um like Bethesda, Wales with her younger son, Michael Wormald, a Labour councillor on Arfon District for 12 years.
He got his revenge in the following Tuesday, and was I mean I mean you know so okay so um you know I mean so given the key to his legitimate hometown of Plovdiv, Bulgaria, as I mean um well uh well like you know okay okay okay the mayor, Ivan Totev granted him the key to the city, as witnessed by Aiden English.
Maria João Mira is a Portuguese screenwriter who authored several successful telenovelas.
The bank remains locally owned and operated in Ogden well okay okay I mean so um you know uh I mean um and holds approximately $ 950 million in assets with approximately 300 employees.
However, in a result that far exceeded the most optimistic projections, the uh you know uh okay so well I mean okay um um NDP took every seat in the city, in most cases by very large margins (4, 000 votes or more).
The Urchin Software Configuration Management system is an free I mean I mean well I mean um like well well uh so and open source initiative to provide an enterprise scale I mean you know uh like like um um so I mean so solution to managing the configuration of many software applications running on many servers across an enterprise.
This means that the energy requirement and the use of you know you know you know uh um so um well uh okay primary energy can be considered the same, which is not the so uh like so um I mean I mean I mean like you know case for industrial - size, common desalination plants, which are dependent on power - plants, working with fossil fuels.
She was a journalist with the Nine Network there before joining you know um um so you know well okay so well um the ABC and is a graduate of Deakin University (Master of International Relations) and Queensland University of Technology (Bachelor of Journalism).
It was built in 1893 and was designed well okay well well so you know um you know like so by noted architect Wilson Eyre to be the home you know uh um uh okay um I mean like well you know of Joseph Leidy (1823 -- 1891), a noted American I mean well you know well uh um uh uh well well paleontologist, and sit next door to the Clarence B. Moore House, which was designed by Eyre in 1890.
If the subtrahend, 'y', has fewer digits I mean you know uh uh you know well I mean well uh um than the minuend, 'x', leading zeros must be added, which will become leading nines when the complement is taken.
Meanwhile, Harry and Marv realize that Kevin is home uh okay uh you know so uh okay like well um alone, and on Christmas Eve, Kevin overhears them discussing plans to breaking into his house that night.
The race moved to Leopardstown from the Curragh as a so okay you know like uh okay um okay I mean I mean Group 3 race in 2002, and it has been um you know well uh you know like I mean you know okay okay upgraded twice since - to Group 2 in 2003 and to Group 1 in 2004.
The Wenzao Ursuline Junior College of Modern Languages so like um I mean I mean like okay like okay well was named after Wenzao Lo, the first Chinese Catholic so uh like uh like uh uh I mean I mean I mean Bishop and founded as an all - female school by the Ursulines in 1966.
John Thomas Wilder (January 31 1830 -- October so I mean like like I mean you know well so um okay 20 1917) was an officer in the Union Army during I mean um um okay I mean like you know uh well like the American Civil War and an industrialist who was instrumental um you know I mean like you know so well you know so um in developing the natural resources of the State of Tennessee.
It organizes the football league, the Faroese Formuladeildin well um okay um well okay uh okay so okay (the Faroese First Division), and the Faroe Islands national football team.
The Red Bull RB5 was a Formula One racing car so I mean um uh so well uh like uh I mean designed by the Red Bull Racing team for the 2009 I mean like okay okay okay I mean well well okay uh Formula One season, and was driven by Sebastian um um um well uh well um uh you know uh Vettel, who drove for Red Bull's sister team Toro Rosso in the 2008 season, and Mark Webber.
Despite the king's repeated efforts, luck each time saves you know so well well well well uh I mean well you know the boy, who ultimately exiles the king who ends uh so okay uh uh um okay you know so you know up in a cursed life as a ferryman uh well um okay so um uh so uh you know when he grabs the cursed ferryman's oar freeing the previous ferryman.
Its administrative headquarters are located in the town hall uh so I mean I mean you know so um um um uh of Weston - super - Mare, and has a resident population of 202, 566.
Ivanović scored his first international goal on 12 September you know I mean I mean so you know uh um so I mean so 2007 in a UEFA Euro 2008 qualifying match so I mean well so like like I mean uh like well against Portugal in Lisbon; following a Dejan Stanković in - well well uh so I mean uh I mean you know uh um swinging freekick, he scored with two minutes remaining to seal a 1 -- 1 draw.
Clothing is viewed as a mean of expression -- making all I mean you know you know um uh I mean like okay so I mean students wear the same clothes or limit so like so I mean well well you know like um uh them to what they can wear can disrupt their sense of identity.
Later, he led a division of the XVI Corps uh like you know like you know well like well well well in the Red River Campaign of Maj. Gen. Nathaniel uh um so um so um okay well um um Banks, and received the brevet rank of colonel in the like um I mean well okay you know I mean um I mean well regular army for his services at the action of Pleasant Hill.
Francis Kahata (born 7 June 1991) is a Kenyan I mean okay so um I mean so okay you know I mean okay footballer who played for Kenya national football team at the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifiers.
Zelchenko is an associate professor of Saint Petersburg you know okay um well you know okay you know okay uh I mean State University; he is also a translator from Ancient Greek, concentrating on newly discovered texts.
The present spire was added in the late fifteenth century, replacing one blown down in 1362.
Phillips performed in a variety of genres, including bebop, well um you know um like okay well um uh well mainstream jazz, swing, jump blues and East Coast blues.
Healey is a rural estate and civil parish in Northumberland, so well okay okay okay you know well so well so England, situated between Riding Mill to the north and Slaley to the south.
This version also appeared on Sebadoh's 1992 compilation album 'Smash so so okay I mean so I mean um like I mean um Your Head on the Punk Rock' as well as um uh I mean uh well um I mean uh okay like a number of various artist compilations, including the City Slang compilation 'Slanged!', and the Eurostar compilation 'Going Underground Vol. II'.
In one of Warrington's earliest studies, she investigated eighty right so so so okay well you know I mean uh um so - handed patients who showed signs of a unilateral cerebral lesion resulting from problems such as a stroke or tumor.
An important crossroads throughout its early history, the village of so you know like so well I mean uh I mean um I mean Hawleyville briefly emerged as a railroad center, and the town's population grew to over 4, 000 circa 1881.
The film released on 4 July 2008 with you know okay um well okay um um so okay okay 540 plus prints (including 200 digital screens) and approximately 200 prints overseas.
Jennifer J. Arroyo (Born March 20 in Staten Island, you know you know so I mean um uh um uh okay well New York) is an American bassist best known for her tenure in the Canadian alternative metal group Kittie.
The song was removed from YouTube because it uh okay I mean okay I mean uh so you know well um was tagged as a YouTube policy violation that forbids hate speech, but copies of it were uploaded to the site.
Horowitz's book, ' (2006), criticizes individual professors for, as he so so I mean okay uh so okay okay like uh alleges, engaging in indoctrination rather than a disinterested pursuit of knowledge.
His Kogigaku school rejected the Neo-Confucianism of Zhu Xi and I mean so uh you know okay uh you know you know well like instead advocated looking to the original works, his well um well like um like you know so like um school is considered part of a larger school, Kogaku, led by scholars such as Yamaga Sokō and Ogyū Sorai.
He was a controlling and abusive man with many other lovers, like um um okay so you know uh like so you know who once shot her in the leg when she tried to leave him.
They also wear a Loki head and I mean well you know so okay okay well I mean you know I mean a MF patch only the club know what those are like you know you know uh like I mean you know you know I mean so used for or signify law enforcement theorizes with uh like okay you know okay I mean okay I mean so you know the help of informants and through interrogations but really in the end the club are the people that know.
He is one of the pioneers of Turkish literature uh like so um you know okay okay well well um who aims at bridging traditional Islamic beliefs and modern poetic techniques.
When Teth - Adam says the magic word 'Shazam', he well so you know so um you know uh so I mean uh is transformed into a super-powered being possessing the same powers like like you know like so uh well uh well like that Captain Marvel would later be granted; however, Mighty Adam is soon corrupted by the vastness of his powers.
Production of the film started in 2004 as a personal project you know you know uh well you know uh so you know like um by Thai businesswoman Wallapa Phimtong, who was beset by financial difficulties and delays.
The album was released on July 15, 2014 for free as okay well so so okay okay so okay uh uh an early birthday gift from Kevin to his fans and uh um well like okay uh so um um okay was met with positive praise from numerous music sites such as Billboard, Complex, SPIN Pigeons & Planes, and 2DopeBoyz.
The eastern half of the country, on the other um so okay um like okay like so I mean I mean hand, was once a British protectorateno clothesion and spoken domestically along with Spanish and indigenous languages.
This was also supposed to be Derek Bell's swansong like I mean I mean you know uh okay okay I mean um I mean Le Mans, driving a Porsche - powered Kremer with Gulf you know uh uh I mean so well I mean uh okay you know sponsorship; the lure of driving a McLaren F1 GTR with son Justin the following year proved too strong.
Succeeding Pope John XXIII, he continued the Second Vatican Council and well so I mean um you know well you know um I mean you know fostered improved ecumenical relations with Orthodox and Protestants, which resulted in many historic meetings and agreements.
Cromwell had eight or nine of the more truculent okay well well okay like um I mean so you know I mean of Lilburne's troopers arrested, tried at an improvised court - martial, and found guilty of mutiny.
James Curran was a native of The Liberties, Dublin, an area uh um I mean um um I mean you know so uh well which had experienced severe drug abuse problems since the early okay um I mean uh okay well so uh you know you know 1980s, and gave Curran a disgust both for drugs and those who profited by it.
At length, after seven years of strenuous like like like like okay okay okay okay you know well labour, Dalhousie, on 6 March 1856, set sail for England so I mean I mean okay like um like well so I mean on board the Company's 'by the' Tribune' to Spithead, which he reached on 11 May.
The lawsuit states that the Executive Order is unconstitutional because the well um I mean you know well you know like okay like uh Trump Administration is overstepping the authority allowed under the so um okay okay uh okay so like um I mean by forcing federal agencies to violate governing statutes, like so okay you know okay you know you know um um uh like the Administrative Procedure Act which establishes the way agencies pass regulations.
In 2001 Weston Williamson developed and built their offices so well okay I mean uh you know okay I mean okay okay on Tower Bridge Road, London where they have an okay like okay like so I mean like well uh like office of 60 architects working on a variety of projects.
A finger is a limb of the human I mean I mean okay uh I mean like so so okay well body and a type of digit, an organ of uh I mean you know okay I mean well so I mean so well and found in the hands of humans and other primates.
He was excommunicated from the church on September 19, 1993; well I mean so so okay well you know so okay uh the reasons for his excommunication, as reportedly given by church leaders, were apostasy and false teaching.
Although Elliott was running for the UUP he was uh you know so like well um um so I mean well also being actively supported by the DUP, the TUV and okay I mean uh you know um well I mean uh you know I mean UKIP. The Tory party also refused to run a candidate so you know well I mean well like so you know well you know in Fermanagh South Tyrone despite running in 16 out of 18 constituencies.
Thomas Pritzker was born on June 6, 1950, the okay um well like like so okay okay like okay son of Jay Pritzker (1922 -- 99) and his wife, Marian Friend.
In 1867 the Illinois Central extended its track into Iowa, and so well like um like I mean um like like I mean during the 1870s and 1880s the IC acquired and expanded railroads in the southern United States.
Before long, her photo and byline were running in um you know okay well well so um so so you know the 'Bulletin' daily, churning out formulaic romantic fiction serials that would run for weeks at a time.
Spicoli wrecks Ridgemont football player Charles Jefferson's 1979 Chevrolet Camaro so uh you know well well like I mean okay uh I mean Z28 then parks the car in front of the school you know so uh um um so like okay um well with slurs painted on it supposedly written by Ridgemont's rival, Lincoln High.
The island remained continuously French until 1960 when Senegal well so okay well you know well so uh I mean I mean was granted independence, with only brief periods of English okay so so well uh I mean you know like so okay occupation during the various wars fought by France and England between 1677 and 1815.
Ho Yi also known as Ho Yi Wong (黃浩義) (pinyin well so um well you know you know okay um okay I mean Huáng Hào Yì; born 1956) is a Chinese actor, director, playwright and producer of Hong Kong origin.
On the other hand, the book extends and builds on the I mean okay um uh so so I mean well well well existing body of query language issues, many of which were addressed by Codd in several papers throughout the 1980s.
Galad confronts Eamon Valda, the leader of the Whitecloaks, for allegedly uh okay uh okay um so well like you know well killing his stepmother Queen Morgase of Andor, and kills him like like so okay uh you know uh like like like in a duel, and in the process becoming the leader of the Whitecloaks.
Thomas George Lyon - Bowes, Lord Glamis (6 February, 1801 um you know well I mean well um okay I mean uh well -- 27 January, 1834) was the only son of Thomas like um so okay okay so I mean like like um Lyon - Bowes, 11th Earl of Strathmore and Kinghorne and Mary Elizabeth Louisa Rodney Carpenter.
'Raise the Alarm' is a song by Australian rock band okay like I mean okay well I mean um uh I mean okay The Living End, it is the second track and third single from their fifth studio album, 'White Noise'.
They were erected at Elandslaagte near Johannesburg, now the okay so like okay so um well okay well so city of Germiston, and were placed in service on the new line to Boksburg.
The Brazilian team won all nine games played in well so I mean well okay like you know so you know like the tournament and became the first nation from America so you know I mean uh uh well like I mean I mean okay and only the second non-European country (after South Korea) to win the title.
The photovoltaic off - grid market has been uh like like well like you know uh um you know okay researched by international institutes, universities and market research like uh you know uh I mean you know well you know well so companies, it's estimated in 2010 between 1 and 2 GW depending on the source.
The Stanley Park Ecology Society started in 1988 when it first um so so I mean okay well um I mean um um began to promote stewardship and currently has programs for education, research and community involvement.
In recent years people using maphacks having well like okay okay so well um uh uh uh to with Blizzard Entertainment's Diablo II have been charged like um uh um I mean like I mean uh so okay with cheating and have had their accounts banned and, in extreme cases, there IP address's banned.
It is located in the old part of the capital, okay um okay well you know um you know so I mean um Dhaka. 42nd batch is the best batch in the I mean well like you know so well like okay so you know history of this medical college. It is affiliated with the University of Dhaka.
Blondin - Andrew is a Dene who is I mean um well um um okay so you know so so the Member of Parliament for the district of Western well well like um uh okay okay so I mean okay Arctic in the Northwest Territories and Minister of State okay I mean uh um um so um like okay okay (Northern Development) in the Liberal Cabinet of Prime Minister Paul Martin.
John Merryman (August 9, 1824 -- November 15, 1881) like um uh like you know I mean I mean so um so was the petitioner in one of the best known habeas like so like like uh um um okay you know uh corpus cases of the American Civil War, a militia officer during the Civil War, and a Maryland politician.
After Passeig de Gràcia, R2 Sud trains, together with well I mean okay you know like uh like um okay well the R13, R14, R15 and R16 and long - distance like um like like well like well uh uh you know services, branch off to Estació de França, so that the R2 only shares tracks with the R11 from this point on.
Rain prevents winged aphids from dispersing, and knocks uh I mean you know so so um so uh uh okay aphids off plants and thus kills them from so well I mean um okay uh okay I mean um uh the impact or by starvation, but can not be relied on for aphid control.
The INLA shot dead one of their own members, claiming he was an informer for the British.
Hall quickly began to hemorrhage support when it you know okay uh well so okay so um okay I mean became apparent that she lacked a campaign message, outside of uh like uh well okay um I mean uh so I mean her 'love for Toronto' and her perceived ability to get a 'new deal' with the provincial Liberals.
Despite the wound, the perpetrator, Andrew Brannan, was able to um I mean well like well um um like uh um flee the scene, but was discovered the next morning like I mean okay uh you know I mean you know like uh I mean hiding in a sleeping bag beneath a camouflage I mean like like uh okay I mean okay well um I mean tarp in Laurens County, Georgia, by police, and arrested for the murder of Dinkheller.
On November 9, 2011, the band went on their uh uh um uh well I mean well I mean well uh first tour arranged by new label Fearless Records - uh um I mean you know um I mean well well well like the Fearless Friends Tour, which took place up until December 16, 2011.
It is situated at the foothills of Nilgiris at Mettupalayam, um you know you know well I mean well so I mean okay um 40 KM from Coimbatore spread in an area of about 65 acres.
Riverside, South Memphis is one of the oldest portions of you know uh um like well um uh um like I mean South Memphis, Tennessee, made up of mainly elderly people as well as young people.
Ancoats is an inner city area of Manchester, in I mean well like I mean okay okay well um you know you know North West England, next to the Northern Quarter and the northern part of Manchester's commercial centre.
She was involved in a number of activities at Duke you know you know you know I mean I mean so well um like I mean and served as treasurer of Chi Omega sorority and as president of the field hockey club.
It is both a love and reproachful song towards the I mean um um uh um you know well well okay I mean two parents: a version for the mother and one for uh okay I mean well uh um well I mean you know well the father, but it is unknown whether the song is blaming the parents or thanking them.
Alisha Silver is a fictional character and a Marvel Comics character.
According to declassified documents, made public by the National Security Archive, like you know you know so like well uh so okay uh CORU was created to unify five different Cuban exile okay okay like well um you know so I mean okay okay groups, at a meeting in Bonao, a small town in the Dominican Republic in June 1976.
In 1940 the Monument was destroyed by okay I mean okay okay like like I mean like well uh the Nazis following German invasion of Poland and was not I mean well okay okay um well you know okay uh uh to be seen in the Square until its restoration in 1955.
Nicola was dating Jimmy King, so Sandy and Doug hatched like I mean uh uh I mean I mean I mean you know uh uh a plan to make her move in with him, like you know well um like well like okay I mean um which worked but Nicola went between Mulberry Cottage and Mill Cottage for a while.
The 1981 film directed by Karel Reisz and written like well I mean I mean uh I mean you know I mean well I mean Harold Pinter stared Meryl Streep and received considerable critical acclaim, recieving several BAFTAs and Golden Globes.
Overall, Wisconsin law is ambiguous when it comes to allowing same well okay you know I mean okay um well I mean like like - sex couples to jointly petition for I mean I mean so so so I mean well well like uh adoption, however, LGBT couples may attain some level of shared so uh so okay um like I mean uh like like guardianship through a co-parenting agreement or another 'de-facto' legal arrangement granted by Wisconsin courts.
Craig Hartsburg (born June 29, 1959 in Stratford, Ontario) is a uh um um like so um I mean uh okay uh retired professional ice hockey defenceman who played ten seasons so I mean so you know so like you know so well like with the Minnesota North Stars of the National Hockey League from 1979 - 80 until 1988 - 89.
Stjepan (Stephen) Tvrtko I (5 August 1338 -- 10 March well like you know um um you know okay I mean so um 1391) was a ruler of medieval Bosnia and a member of the House of Kotromanić.
He scored a total of seven league goals I mean I mean I mean so you know um okay well you know well in the 2007 - 08 season; however, okay uh like uh you know like okay um you know you know because of the number of games he played okay um like like you know like you know well so okay for both Charlton and China, he was less so like um I mean well you know like you know well so effective in the second half of the season as a result of fatigue.
Despite these tests, the main Project Habakkuk was never so I mean so I mean so so well I mean okay uh put into action due to limitations in funds and the uh I mean okay uh I mean like I mean um um so belief that the tides of the war were beginning um so you know uh so um um well I mean you know to turn in favour of the Allies using more conventional methods.
His company, Overseas Diamonds, was based in Antwerp, and operated as a diamond marketing company.
Long Yun was an ethnic Yi General, and later Governor of Yunnan, Long Yun was a cousin of Lu Han.
He was educated at Eton College and so well uh okay uh um okay like uh I mean Christ Church, Oxford, and was subsequently made a Fellow of Oriel College, OxfPrincipal of King's College London from 1844 to 1868.
On December 24, 'The Interview' was made available on online well um so um okay like well so um like rental services, and will have a limited release at selected cinemas on December 25.
Shops also dominate the northern side of the park, with you know so like you know um well so okay okay okay the Northeast corner was occupied by the Wingham Hotel or Bottom okay I mean you know so so I mean you know well uh well Pub from 1926 until it burned down on 5 July 2010.
In interviews, Messina has said she covered the song in memory of so so I mean okay so okay uh well well you know Dottie West, one of her biggest influences: ' She was the first woman to cross over.
The Department of Labor had taken no action you know uh you know I mean well okay you know um well I mean on Yablonski's complaints while he lived, but after his murder, okay I mean like um you know I mean um uh I mean so Labor Secretary George P. Shultz assigned 230 investigators to the UMWA investigation.
Ryan shows more immoral traits in 'Garage Sale', when he sells you know well okay you know um um okay okay well so jars of his mother's homemade Pesto sauce, and tells so um you know well uh I mean well um like um the camera that his mother has never wanted to uh okay you know uh like uh so I mean okay um sell her sauce, as she intended it to just be for family.
Its radiator was in the nose between the engine and so so well okay you know okay um um I mean so propeller, only just beyond the wing and its well okay I mean okay I mean like uh I mean okay um fuel tank was in the wing centre - section.
The Hatkar (archaically transliterated as HattiKara or Barhatta, BaraHatti) I mean uh you know well okay uh uh like I mean I mean are a division of the Dhangar shepherding caste, found you know okay I mean uh okay um well like like you know predominantly in the state of Maharashtra, as well as Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat, Karnataka, and Andhra Pradesh.
He was born 1758 in Clifton, Gloucester, near Bristol, England, well okay well well like okay you know so well I mean and was murdered 1799 at sea by pirates plundering his ship.
As a youth, Fidler spent a great deal of time well okay uh so I mean like so okay well so along Conception Bay, where he developed an appreciation for Newfoundland's music and culture.
Back in the ring, Bryan repeatedly kicked Sheamus 'left arm okay I mean um um so I mean like okay um well while Sheamus' was in the ropes and refused so okay well well so you know um well um like to stop at the referee's five count, so the referee disqualified Bryan and awarded the first fall to Sheamus.
A concert performance of the original version, possibly its first you know um you know like uh you know well I mean um um hearing in 100 years, took place at the Golders um you know okay okay okay I mean okay I mean um you know Green Hippodrome in London on 2 August 1975; this production was broadcast on 1 January 1976 and issued on CD.
He worked professionally under some renowned Choreographers named Sukalyan well okay okay um well like okay um like okay Bhattacharya, Santosh Shetty, Geeta Kapoor and many others, between them Sukalyan Bhattacharya is an inspiration to him.
The Joe Paterno statue was a bronze sculpture of Joe uh like uh so okay I mean um uh you know like Paterno, former head coach of the Penn okay like so okay uh so um well uh so State Nittany Lions football team. Artist Angelo Dimaria like like well uh you know uh so um like like was commissioned by Paterno friends and Family to Design okay you know okay um well okay okay okay okay I mean the sculpture of Joe Paterno in recognition of his contributions to the university.
' To feed, the louse bites through the skin and injects you know uh like uh you know okay well so okay okay saliva which prevents blood from clotting which is very itchy; it then sucks blood into its digestive tract.
In 1959, after the Chinese invasion, he left Tibet and after spending well you know I mean um um you know uh like uh you know one and a half years in Kalimpong he settled in um like well um like um um um um so Rumtek Monastery (Sikkim), the main seat of the 16th Karmapa.
If some energy is placed in the 'sender' coil, provided like well I mean like um you know you know you know uh you know the Q of the transmitting circuit is significantly greater I mean um okay you know you know like like like okay uh than the coupling coefficient, then much of the power can be absorbed by the receiving coil and can be tapped off.
The Illuminated Chronicle (Chronicon Hungariae Pictum or Chronica de Gestis uh you know so I mean well uh uh well you know um Hungarorum) represents the international artistic style of the royal courts in the court of Lajos (Louis) the Great.
Lord & Taylor added a store in 1980, well okay so you know like okay like uh um um only to close it in 1994, being replaced by Jacobson's went bankrupt and was replaced by Von Maur.
'The Rain Song' is a love ballad, over I mean okay you know I mean I mean uh um so so you know 7 minutes in length, and is considered by singer Robert Plant to be his best overall vocal performance.
Pamela is a psychotherapist of Texan descent and sister of writer and entrepreneur Margaret Heffernan.
Following a peace deal signed on March 4, 2007, it uh so okay okay uh I mean so well uh okay was considered a possibility that Soro would be named prime so um you know like uh so so um I mean you know minister in a new government, and Gbagbo was said to want Soro as the next prime minister.
In March 2012, the label made a surprising decision to you know like uh so well so I mean I mean well well sign the relatively unknown Joie De Vivre (formerly of like I mean I mean like okay I mean okay like so uh Count Your Lucky Stars Records); their more traditional Midwestern so okay okay uh okay um so so so you know Emo sound a stark contrast to the rest of the label's catalogue.
On April 8, 2015 showrunner Al Jean um you know well you know uh I mean okay uh you know so announced that there will be no more DVD I mean I mean I mean okay okay okay you know so well okay or Blu - ray releases, shifting focus to digital distribution.
Gilmore and fellow preparator Norman H. Boss, who like uh okay so like okay I mean like you know um later became Chief Preparator at the museum, together built you know okay I mean okay so I mean so well um you know the world's first mounted 'Triceratops' skeleton, which went on display in 1905.
Bradley Prairie is the name of a prairie in Southwest Angelina okay you know well like like so uh uh okay like County, Texas, located in the vicinity of the town of Burke, Texas.
In 1975, he was diagnosed with glaucoma and then well I mean well I mean um okay okay uh I mean um cataracts in both eyes, and by 1983 he was unable to do any more microscopy.
Since 2007, she has been shipping medical supplies and equipments like so um well um well um uh okay well worth hundreds of thousands of dollars to her home country as I mean okay okay I mean well like you know uh okay I mean a way to give back to a country she so dearly love.
Taking the airfield at Wau was a crucial step okay okay well um like you know you know you know um I mean in this process, and to this end, the 51st okay I mean uh uh so um like you know so well Division was transferred from Indochina to Rabaul then sent on to um so well well so you know okay so I mean like Lae; these were joined by the last troops evacuated from Buna - Gona.
Parle Agro is an Indian private limited company that owns several popular brands including Frooti, Appy, LMN, Hippo and Bailley.
In Berimbau, teams had to construct two berimbaus uh um so I mean so well um you know um like using plastic bottles and following a model, once completed the expert would hand them their next clue.
Amy Allen, a production assistant at Industrial Light and like I mean well like you know well so okay I mean like Magic, was given the role, and digitally added to scenes well like well I mean like I mean um like you know you know in the Jedi Temple and during the climactic battle on Geonosis.
Yazan Halwani is a street artist from Beirut, Lebanon that okay I mean well well so okay so okay I mean well paints murals through a combination of renewed Arabic calligraphy and portraits.
He is best known for his leading role in I mean you know you know like um okay um so uh so the Norwegian - Swedish film 'Headhunters' (2011), as Tydeus um um like um okay well okay uh I mean okay in 'Hercules', as well as a minor role in Ridley Scott's 'The Martian' (2015).
Carter confronts Peter in his former office and demands for you know I mean I mean I mean like well okay okay well so him to relinquish control of the company, but he refuses; he instead forces him to work as a janitor.
The Tl'etinqox - t'in Government reserve community and offices are well um um um okay I mean um I mean well um located at the town of Alexis Creek, which is known as Tl'etinqox in the Chilcotin language.
Gagan Kokri is an punjabi singer. Blessings of Baapu and 'Asla' is his Best ever hits.
Then in early 2005 Philip Green sold his stake in the you know well uh you know you know so like so uh okay business to David Thompson who began Owen Owens expansion they I mean so I mean um you know so uh well uh like purchased Joplings & Robbs off the now defuncted um well well uh okay like so well um you know Merchant Retail Group Plc and purchased Esslemonte & Macintosh of the Esslemonte Family.
After his return, in 1009 he became qadi I mean okay so like like well um well um okay in Valencia, and was killed at Córdoba when the Berbers took the city.
The popularity of the song made the group to appear on you know like like I mean like okay like um um I mean MTV's 'TRL' in the U. S. Early 2001 and the um like so like like I mean so well um um song was added to the track list of the U. S okay um okay like you know well okay well you know like. Compilation album, 'Now That's What I Call Music Vol. 7'.
Often talents are used in antisocial or asocial ways, for example, so I mean I mean I mean like um you know like I mean like many criminals display this type of selfish behavior in the service of advancing their own goals at the expense of others.
He has also fielded trucks part - time for himself, okay okay okay like um I mean okay um so um Larry Foyt, and Jennifer Jo Cobb. Derrike has feilded no. 78 for one race in nationwide.
The Broken Hill Ore Deposit, located underneath and namesake for the you know okay like I mean uh you know um I mean you know well town of Broken Hill, western New South Wales, Australia is you know okay uh I mean like like so so I mean well arguably the world's richest and largest zinc - lead ore deposit.
In 1971, Leila had a short participation as a burlesque star, and also um I mean well I mean like um uh uh well so she married the movie director Ruy Guerra, father of her only daughter.
With some matchmaking from Steve's mother, Jaime I mean like um okay okay you know okay like uh you know and Steve's relationship quickly blossomed, but their happiness was replaced by tragedy one day when the couple went skydiving.
The 'ASAP' music video features the four members in revealing, okay so uh I mean um uh I mean so okay well patchy black leather outfits sporting choreographed dance routines and includes a group of male dancers in several scenes.
He switched to quarterbacks coach in 2013 and became offensive coordinator of the Mustangs in 2016.
During this time he wrote his first novel, 'Guiana um like well like well uh like uh um you know Boy', which was published in 1960 ( re-issued as 'Guyana um you know like um like well um well well like Boy' by Peepal Tree Press in 2002 ), and was the first novel by a Guyanese of Indian descent.
Over the years its name was changed many times mostly um uh um so so I mean okay uh like I mean because of the regime change in the country, for okay like well um um you know like um um I mean example, when Latvia was a part of the USSR you know um I mean okay so uh um so I mean um it was named after Janis Fabricius, a military commander of the Red Army.
In 2002, Schueler was rumored to be a contestant for, despite the rumors she never appeared on the show.
Thomas Salme (born February 18, 1969) is a Swedish like so so okay you know uh like um okay uh pilot and photographer who became a celebrity after okay okay um uh well well I mean I mean so I mean flying passenger jets for thirteen years without a commercial pilot's license.
Due to many key players being injured in so um so so you know so so okay like okay the 2004 pre-season, Stanton was immediately brought into the um so uh like um okay uh I mean uh like Essendon team for his debut in the Round, 1 clash well you know um like uh like um I mean so okay where the Bombers were comfortably defeated by Port Adelaide.
He had married while in London, but had reason to suspect his wife's adultery.
The Linguistic Society of America (LSA) was founded in 1924 to advance the scientific study of human language.
Schuler sometimes produces records under the alias 'boyblue', and in 2012 started a new band called 'Pretty in Pink'.
Girls as well as boys are portrayed on okay like well um you know I mean okay like I mean okay wine jugs which are connected with the spring festival the I mean you know um so like so well like uh um Anthesteria, though depictions of boys on these jugs are much more common.
In 1940 he transferred to VfL Leisnig and played there you know you know you know well so okay you know so so you know until 1943 after which he played for several other so okay well uh uh okay so uh uh like clubs including BC Hartha, SC Döbeln and Zwickau - Oberhohndorf.
In an earlier interview in 2000, Yao said you know uh I mean like so um so um you know like he had never seen a fortune cookie in China and guessed it must have been an American invention.
Cittaslow is a movement founded in Italy and inspired by the Slow Food organization.
He is lured into the basement by It in the form of a headless boy, whom he narrowly escapes.
Criniti's command radioed for tanks to support their line and an Italian well you know well so like you know so I mean uh well relief column, including another ten tanks and two trucks, Time Magazine, January 10, 1936 was sent immediately.
The Clare Boothe Luce Policy Institute advocates for the principles of you know uh well um uh um so um well okay American conservatism - although it promotes small government so so okay um well so well like so so policies, its focus on women has led it to also focus on traditionalism.
It was powered by the BMW M12 turbocharged engine looked after by Swiss engine guru Heini Mader.
The activity of neurons generate electric currents; and uh well I mean well well okay I mean well well like the synchronous action of neural ensembles in the cerebral well I mean uh um well well uh um okay like cortex, comprising large numbers of neurons, produce macroscopic oscillations, so so well um uh okay uh so uh you know which can be monitored and graphically documented by an electroencephalogram (EEG).
Mussolini continued to promote the need of a like well um like so uh uh okay well I mean revolutionary vanguard elite to lead society, but he no longer I mean you know okay you know okay uh uh I mean uh I mean advocated a proletarian vanguard but instead a vanguard led by dynamic and revolutionary people of any social class.
The Problem of Handicapped Infants' is a 1985 book so um you know um you know okay well so I mean well by Peter Singer and Helga Kuhse, in which the authors well okay um okay well okay I mean like um I mean examine moral issues surrounding babies born with severe disabilities, and argues for infanticide in certain cases.
The Walter Rand Transportation Center is a transportation hub you know so well um so so like um I mean I mean located at Martin Luther King Boulevard and Broadway in Camden, you know um so you know well um so okay like well New Jersey served by the River LINE, the Broadway Station um you know you know well well so like so you know well of the PATCO Speedline, New Jersey Transit buses and Greyhound intercity buses.
In 1930, he continued his career in the International uh like okay like so like okay so so okay Marine Radio Company, where he became a director, finally retired from the company in 1950.
He tells her how his mother changed after his father died, giving uh okay I mean uh so so I mean you know so I mean his stepfather the ranch his father wanted to leave to Perce.
In 1941, The Viceroy of India, Lord Linlithglow nominated him um you know okay you know so like well well like I mean to the Defense Council but the Quaid - i you know like you know um so so you know like um um - Azam who headed the All - India Muslim League asked him to resign.
Tokyopop licensed 'Paradise Kiss' for an English - language release well so so so well you know like so so well in North America and published the series from May 21, 2002 to March 9, 2004.
One such challenge was Kiki's sudden loss of ability to well so like well you know I mean like well well uh fly, which is only loosely paralleled in the novel, where Kiki's broom breaks and merely requires her to fix it.
Tom reveals that he has had his ear pierced, well uh like I mean um so okay um like okay but by who? , tom shows his sisters who can uh so um well uh uh so I mean okay well not help but laugh, when Jane arrives home so well well like okay um you know okay you know uh from work and Tom reveals the earing to her, she is not pleased.
The South Varsity Boys' tennis squad has been consistently like like well so like so so well uh like ranked in the top 10 of New Jersey high school tennis teams.
Raleigh was originally called 'Operation Drake' when first introduced in okay um well um like so I mean you know um okay 1978 by Colonel John Blashford - Snell and HRH Prince Charles, the Prince of Wales.
Baťa and his wife Sonja were greeted warmly okay like okay I mean uh you know well I mean like well in the main square in Zlin by thousands of people so I mean I mean um like okay uh you know like so cheering him and he immediately initiated plans for the okay okay well you know well you know so so okay um return of the Organization to the place where it all started.
Natural cleaning products are substances used to clean, deodorize, and I mean so okay I mean so like well well like like / or disinfect that are less damaging to the well um well well you know like well you know well you know environment and safer for humans and pets than conventional cleaning products.
The Sharks grew into a perennial Pacific Division contender in so I mean okay I mean I mean I mean you know I mean uh I mean the 2000s following the drafting of several players, among so okay um um like I mean uh like I mean I mean them including forward Patrick Marleau, taken second overall in 1997, um okay okay okay you know well like uh okay you know who holds the franchise records for the most goals (404) and points (861).
The islands of the Philippines are inhabited by a uh uh like well I mean uh um I mean so okay number of different ethnolinguistic groups, the majority of whose own languages are Austronesian in origin.
Designed by the Russian architect Alexey Gornostaev (1808 -- okay okay like well I mean uh uh so okay like 1862), the cathedral was built after his death in 1862 -- 1868.
In 1912 the city was liberated by the uh I mean you know you know like I mean you know like you know okay Kingdom of Serbia during the Balkan Wars and after the First um okay I mean um you know uh um I mean I mean like World War the city became part of the uh um uh like um well I mean I mean um like newly formed Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes (Kingdom of Yugoslavia).
The 'Grey Passion' was part of an altar painting, okay like you know you know so like okay you know like okay originally consisting of a triptych, and the central part okay uh well uh I mean okay like so well uh of it was a sculpture, made by sculptor Gregor Erhart (ca. 1470 - 1540), now lost.
The wilderness area, named for former New York congressman Otis G. Pike, I mean okay you know like so okay I mean like okay well is the only federally designated wilderness area in New York so well I mean well um you know uh okay I mean you know State, and one of the smallest wilderness areas managed by the National Park Service.
Lynch is a member of the American Law Institute, and of various bar associations and advisory committees.
Dick imagines a future where the United States Congress I mean like I mean you know um I mean well well so um has decided that abortion is legal until the soul enters uh um um okay like so okay so I mean um the body, which is specified as the moment a person has okay like well um um you know so I mean okay um the ability to do simple algebra (around the age of 12).
The historic Trenear Tin Stamping Mill and the mile long leat like uh like um like well I mean uh you know you know which dates from 1493 along with some meadows so okay um like you know you know okay like um um were acquired by Peter in 1974 having been a dairy from the 1880s until 1972.
He accepted a scholarship to play at Boston College, where okay um I mean I mean um okay okay uh I mean well he was a three - year starter and played you know I mean I mean uh well um well uh okay um multiple positions along the offensive line, before settling in at right tackle.
GSPs have a lot of energy and if not given the right amount of attention, can become bored and destructive.
That autumn, Hogg travelled to Edinburgh to visit the couple and greatly enjoyed his stay with them.
During the 2010 Christmas Day game against the Arizona Cardinals, McGee um you know okay I mean you know well you know like uh like came in to replace the injured Kitna, and made his well uh I mean uh so um so you know you know okay first regular season touchdown pass, completing the game with like I mean well I mean okay like okay so you know you know 11 - of - 17 passes for 111 yards and a quarterback rating of 102. 8.
He was a student at the University of Tennessee, and uh okay um like um so I mean like like I mean graduated from International Performing Arts Academy after which well well so uh you know um well okay I mean I mean he moved to San Diego, California, where he developed an interest in comics.
It involves retention, memory, repetition, enunciation, diction, and involves ten you know um you know so okay um okay like um um factors that use every letter in the alphabet a variety of times.
The department 'Computer technology and science' were founded the same okay so okay um um like uh well well you know year. This profile became the first Bulgarian representative in the International Organization of Computer Science (UPE).
Bobby Beale (né Hobbs) is the son of Ian and Laura Beale (Adam Woodyatt and Hannah Waterman).
She was the daughter of Bohemund VI of Antioch and the sister of Bohemund VII of Tripoli.
His partner was Allison MacLean and the two began skating together in 1981.
He served in the United States Air Force from 1954 so okay okay so I mean I mean like uh well okay to 1957, training in Nevada and California and like okay I mean I mean you know I mean like you know uh I mean eventually piloting bombers in the Strategic Air Command's atomic bomb fleet based in Riverside, California.
Tisci, under Givenchy, designed the costumes for Madonna's 'Sticky like okay um well uh so well I mean um well and Sweet tour' in 2008, following Jean Paul Gaultier and Dolce & Gabbana.
Nelly, a child of great natural spiritual insight, acts um I mean uh so like you know um uh okay I mean as Benny's moral conscience; when she dies, following a street accident, he is in despair.
He was also chief of the Experts Advisory Cell that like like well well okay well uh uh so I mean worked to improve efficiency of State Owned Enterprises and received mention in the World Bank Report.
Mysterious leader of SHADOW, in the Kikaider 01 tokusatsu series who forces Gill Hakaider to serve him.
Faison's pursuit of the crystals soon became an afterthought, uh so you know like um I mean you know okay well I mean as he soon became fixated on marrying Anna, which she like okay like uh well okay okay like uh uh was reluctant to do, until Faison threatened to expose her past to Robin.
Now it is no longer possible to find the old um so um like well well okay okay okay like maps in the secret archives, and even those which Xiao well I mean well you know well um well you know okay well He found are missing; we only have maps, both general and local, from the (Later) Han time.
To portray the war - blinded Victor, Morgan interviewed a series I mean so well you know um you know you know so well well of ex-service men and women helped by Morgan contacted um I mean so so okay um I mean okay like um Blind Veterans UK and spent a day at the charity's uh uh um um like okay you know uh I mean so Brighton Centre, where he received the same training as blind veterans, while blindfolded.
He received the Yarmolinsky Medal in 2002 for his um so uh you know well well well like um like contributions to the National Academies and was elected to the America Law Institute in 2014.
There students don't just go from class to class, completing regular you know well um like I mean um uh well you know so assignments, they participate in quests, aimed at solving you know so uh um okay well I mean you know so you know complex problems, advancing from one level to another, culminating in a final project.
Some time later, the Jinnouchi family celebrate their victory as well uh okay well you know so uh so okay I mean okay as Sakae's birthday and has Natsuki kiss Kenji after confessing their love to each other.
Stranded, he dies in space; the crew continue with the mission, demoralized by Corrigan's death.
Tennikoit can be played indoors or outside, on any surface which includes red sand, clay, and cement.
James, son of Alpheaus was called the Less or like so so like uh you know okay um so like the Younger was a brother of the apostle Matthew and the you know okay I mean like like you know like uh like so son of Mary (not to be confused with Mary, the mother of Jesus).
In June 2012, it was reported that the company was under investigation um um okay you know I mean like I mean okay um like by the attorney generals' offices of 15 separate states uh you know okay you know like like well uh you know so for suspected targeting of military veterans with deceptive recruiting practices for its for - profit school clients.
In foreign policy, the Republicans denounced the Federalists over Jay's um well um you know you know um well you know like uh Treaty, perceived as too favorable to Britain, while the French well I mean okay well okay well so okay I mean I mean ambassador embarrassed the Republicans by publicly backing them and attacking the Federalists right before the election.
Later, Tariq Mustafa worked closely with Abdul Salam and like well okay so uh okay like like uh I mean Dr. I. H Usmani (Chairman PAEC) and led the effort um so so like okay I mean so um you know well to obtain rocket manufacturing technology from France and established um uh so you know um you know okay you know like I mean rocket manufacturing plants near Mauripur, Karachi which was later joined by Air Commodore Turowicz as the Executive Director.
Douglas Erwin Bollinger (born 24 July 1981) is a professional like okay uh so uh like uh so um I mean Australian cricketer who currently plays first - class cricket you know so well you know um okay so okay you know so for the New South Wales Blues and international cricket for Australia.
In 2014, 7 Up launched '7x7Up' -- a multi-platform campaign like uh well you know so okay you know so um so centered around EDM that includes digital content, advertising featuring producers, and branded stages at both Ultra and Electric Daisy Carnival.
TriMet, the Portland metropolitan area's regional transit authority, for um you know okay um so like I mean like like well its MAX Orange Line light rail passenger trains, as well as the Portland Streetcar, buses, bicycles, pedestrians, and emergency vehicles.
He went on to play 66 games and kick 80 well like okay I mean uh so so uh uh well goals for the Bulldogs before he played his last game well um like okay well so okay okay like uh in 1946, then making his move back to cricket with the Lancashire League in England.
Perumapalayam is a small village located in kanjikoil panchayat town in well okay uh I mean well so okay well you know well Erode district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. 18 km from Erode and 8 km from Perundurai.
George Pușcaș renews with Inter until 2020 and joins Bari um well um okay uh you know um okay so you know on loan for the season, with Bari having the option to make the deal permanent while Inter holds a counter-option.
Following the Hampshires were the Commandos of the 4th Special I mean um so so like okay uh um I mean uh Service Brigade, who also suffered badly during the run - uh uh you know you know I mean uh I mean okay I mean I mean in and only one of their allotted landing craft actually reached the shore.
Train services were operated by Comboios de Portugal (CP); the I mean okay like well well uh so okay so uh three Série 9100 diesel railcars were built for the uh okay I mean like um well like I mean you know like line in 1949 and continued in service until 2002 (when replaced by Série 9500 units, purchased secondhand from Yugoslavia).
Her captaincy was only a part of her responsibilities; she was so I mean so I mean like um I mean okay okay you know also the sixth grade class treasurer and a hall monitor that year.
Two flag theorists point to another similar, seemingly uh so okay like um you know like you know okay well unresolvable controversy over the colour of the Australian flags used like so you know so so I mean um uh you know uh at the 1927 opening of provisional parliament house in so um I mean okay like you know uh uh um like Canberra, where a lithograph by an unknown artist showing the blue version being flown has now emerged.
Old Frank B. Cooper Elementary School (now Youngstown Cultural Arts Center).
He joined the Conservative party very young; and on October uh you know I mean uh like like okay so okay I mean 10, 1889, Errázuriz married Elvira Valdés Ortúzar, and together they had 6 children.
German, English, French, Portuguese, Latin and Japanese, and often works for Greenpeace and 'Menschen gegen Minen'.
Walker will star in a new pilot for Lifetime titled Exit uh so I mean like okay okay you know uh uh like 19, revolving around a single mother who struggles to well like well uh so uh I mean okay uh uh balance her family and professional life as a New York City homicide detective.
In 1973, Porter wrote a letter to Pope Paul VI requesting like like okay I mean like well I mean okay well like to be released from the priesthood, in which he admitted molesting uh so I mean like I mean you know I mean um uh okay children across five states; the Pope granted his request and, in 1974, Porter gave up his collar.
In addition, the distance between two points via Transit well so you know I mean uh so like uh I mean um is not equivalent to the distance in normal space; so you know like so uh um so well well um two star systems which are relatively close might be many Transit Minutes apart.
Kinney has been in a relationship with pop superstar Lady you know you know uh well you know um um you know so so Gaga since summer 2011, they met during filming of the 'You and I' music video in July 2011.
Hunter published translations of Rainer Maria Rilke's 'Duino Elegies' and 'Sonnets I mean you know okay uh you know well so I mean I mean well to Orpheus' and has published several volumes of his own poetry.
Bartlett was born in Savannah, Georgia in 1824 and died in 1887 in Oakland, California.
Accordingly, for 1913, the Great Spring Show was moved there, while the Summer Show reverted to Holland House.
Originally, the Palais Cardinal was the residence of Cardinal Richelieu, who had hired the architect Jacques Lemercier to design it.
Sellers was born in Santa Monica, California, grew up in New York City before moving to Rome.
As a compromise, the 'ayuntamiento' of San Antonio okay I mean um you know you know so well uh well I mean de Béxar drafted a petition containing similar language to the um uh I mean well you know you know um like like okay convention resolutions, which Músquiz forwarded to the Mexican Congress in early 1833.
After the game, they are seen walking in the you know I mean I mean okay um you know okay well uh well car park, and as one of them attempts to um well so okay so like uh well well um unlock the door with his key, they hear a strange uh uh so uh like well uh so like well noise, which is actually a cartoon tiger on the car's bumper sticker roaring.
He initially had no musical background, he taught himself by watching okay uh okay well well I mean like well um so tutorials on my tube him some techniques and offered help.
Out of the 26 office holders, two have been uh uh you know like you know so you know I mean I mean you know related by birth: the 11th officeholder Sir Alick Downer and his son, the 26th officeholder Alexander Downer.
The advertisement campaign, specially made for the 2014 FIFA World um um um like like well um like um um Cup and starring well - known football players from uh you know um well well okay I mean uh so you know national teams and clubs, emphasizes the mantra of 'risk um so so uh so like so uh so so everything' - taking every dangerous life - or - death chance to succeed and outshine your rivals.
United Nations station is well - served by buses and okay um like um um like well I mean um um jeepneys that serve the Taft Avenue and nearby routes, taxis and cycle rickshaws that stop at and around the station.
Satsangi's latest album 'LICK MY LUNGS' is released in 2016, it includes 14 tracks and guest artist remixes.
The expedition's facility, High Lab, is gradually compromised by so you know so I mean you know um okay uh I mean okay a dormant super-intelligent entity, the 'Blight', that learns to rapidly infiltrate and control computer systems and biological beings.
The ending was spoofed in a promotional video produced well so so you know like you know like I mean you know uh by the Hillary Clinton 2008 presidential campaign as well as okay I mean like uh so okay so I mean okay you know on an episode of 'The Celebrity Apprentice' that featured former 'The Sopranos' actor Vincent Pastore.
However, according to Gary Oldman, Hurt was undergoing treatment for okay uh like uh well well um I mean I mean okay pancreatic cancer, and was unable to attend the read well I mean okay well you know you know well so you know I mean - throughs; actor Ronald Pickup assumed the role of Chamberlain instead.
In 2015 Mauriki were champions of the TVL First uh um so like um like I mean like um um Division and they promoted to compete at the2015 -- 16 Port Vila Premier League.
Sámi soga lávlla ( 'Song of the Sami People', lit so like um okay um you know I mean like well you know. 'Song of the Sámi Family' ) was originally a poem written like so like like I mean uh like um I mean okay by Isak Saba that was published in the newspaper Sagai Muittalægje for the first time on April 1, 1906.
Hallahan was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and graduated from um uh um uh okay like so uh uh uh Rutgers University, then going on to Temple University to earn a Masters degree in fine arts.
Pu borrows from a folk tradition of oral I mean um you know so like uh uh um I mean okay storytelling to put to paper a series of captivating, colorful stories well okay um I mean I mean so um um you know I mean where the boundary between reality and the odd or fantastic is blurred.
Considered the eldest son of Mohammed bin Laden, the I mean like uh I mean I mean like well so I mean you know founder of Saudi Binladin Group and a half - brother um like well uh like so you know um I mean okay and cousin of infamous terrorist (Osama bin okay okay okay you know like so well I mean well okay Laden), he acted as the patriarch of the bin Laden family after the 1967 death of his father.
Gilligan presented a fortnightly programme for Press TV, the so I mean well well like you know like I mean like like Iranian government's English - language TV channel until December 2009, though I mean well you know uh um you know I mean well so um he appeared twice more on the network just before the May 2010 general election.
These dominance behaviors are shown significantly more often by okay like uh so okay like like okay um I mean the breeding pair of the pack, indicating they do well like um so you know uh you know I mean um so not serve as a behavioral correction or punishment, nor so um you know okay you know well well well uh uh as a reinforcement of the dominance of the breeding pair.
Kevin Woodford (born in Douglas, Isle of Man) is an British you know uh okay you know okay I mean I mean so um like TV chef and actor he originally trained as a chef you know okay I mean um you know okay uh like I mean well in some of Europe's finest restaurants, then moved into education as a lecturer in professional cookery.
The Kanakachalapathi temple, an example of 'Dravidian' of the Vijayanagara okay um um I mean um um okay I mean so uh era is a protected monument under the Karnataka state division of the Archaeological Survey of India.
In 1902, Chanler purchased an iron mine in Pinar del Río okay uh uh you know um you know okay um um like Province and profits were initially robust enough that Chanler so you know well like I mean like so like um like was able to loan $ 35 million to the Cuban government and purchase a house in Sands Point, New York.
Meanwhile, Hershel (Scott Wilson) is telling Rick about planting more you know I mean so uh well like I mean uh I mean well crops when Michonne (Danai Gurira) returns having been away well so so I mean so like okay uh well like hunting for The Governor, and having been unsuccessful declares her um you know I mean okay like I mean um well um uh intent to travel to Macon to continue her search.
In the fall of 1995, another segment called 'Klutter' was added, rotating with the Thunderlizards.
The Gatty Marine Laboratory is located in um well I mean well uh well you know well um I mean the coastal town of St Andrews in Scotland, and is a part of the University of St Andrews.
However, Atul can not bring himself to kill his so like I mean well so so uh um like well friend and instead joins forces with Yash to execute a you know like um well well so I mean well um you know plan against Vishnu and savVishnu has been so so okay like um I mean uh okay okay so keeping Maya and Swati hostage and find, in horror, that Swati has been murdered.
The show's name during development was 'Whiskey Tango'; however, because there uh well uh well I mean like so you know so so was already a band using the name, it was changed to 'Whiskey Tango Six'.
On July 3, 2013, Morrison pleaded guilty to threatening and like okay well um I mean like uh okay okay okay breach of peace charges and the strangulation charge was dropped in April 2014.
Bessel proved that parallax of a star was greater than so so you know like so you know you know like I mean um zero by measuring the parallax of 0. 314 arcseconds of a star named 61 Cygni.
Celera Genomics and the Human Genome Project create a draft of the you know you know uh you know so uh okay okay well okay human genome sequence and have it published by 'Science and Nature' Magazine.
They are thought to be abundant in cold, deep you know um I mean okay I mean I mean you know uh like uh waters of the Atlantic, Pacific and Indian Ocean However you know so so so like okay you know so I mean I mean the species is known to originate from the pits of hell.
The new truck has a fully boxed ladder like so um you know so so I mean so well um frame, the wheelbase is 125. 9 in (3 like okay I mean I mean uh uh okay so okay you know. 20 m) with a 205. 5 in (5. 22 m) overall length.
As Canadian cavalry fought through the wood, they were so so uh um well uh you know I mean so so channel eastwards by German machine gun fire, simultaneously, units of well um like um uh um like uh I mean well the Canadian Dragoons were forced to wheel into the woods at the north due to German attack.
Huntington's disease is a neurodegenerative disorder that progressively deteriorates an individual's ability to move, speak, and think properly.
He earned a Licentiate in Canon Law at the so okay okay well like uh well um you know um Pontifical Gregorian University, the 'Greg', in Rome, Italy, and well you know okay like I mean well uh so so okay was ordained to the Catholic priesthood on March 5, uh you know I mean you know okay well I mean um like I mean 1981, for the clergy of the Archdiocese of San José de Costa Rica.
Her real name was Anita Raj Khurana as her Father you know uh uh uh so okay um well well um Jagdish Raj was a permanent policeman in Bollywood movie industry.
He had the best season of his career in Montreal, like so well uh okay like uh well so um compiling a 23 -- 9 record with a 3. 17 ERA.
On 18 December 1910, Sopwith won a £ 4000 prize for like uh like you know like uh well so you know so the longest flight from England to the Continent well uh like so well you know uh like you know so in a British - built aeroplane, flying 169 miles (272 km) in 3 hours 40 minutes.
Since Lake Lanier's construction, metro Atlanta has been taking uh well uh so uh okay well well so like water from the reservoir to use for m you know you know you know okay so um I mean uh like you know mayor William Hartsfield traveled to Washington numerous times pressing like like I mean you know well okay you know so uh okay Senators Richard Russell, Jr. And Walter F. George uh uh you know like uh you know so so um well to restore funding to ensure Atlanta's water supply during droughts.
The image evolved into a classier, more sophisticated portrayal so uh so like you know uh you know well you know like of Heavy Metal, drawing inspiration from high - end fashion labels.
There is also a new wave of RnB in Serbia uh okay like you know so um uh um so you know such as Elitni Odredi, Cvija or Rasta arrived to you know uh you know I mean like uh like you know I mean well the scene as soon as the Bassivity era was over.
The E- 170 and E- 175 directly compete with the Bombardier CRJ you know I mean like well so like okay you know like um - 700 and Bombardier CRJ - 900, respectively, and loosely compete with the turboprop Bombardier Q400.
Limited government is a government outline where any more than um uh I mean you know like you know like like well I mean minimal governmental intervention in personal liberties and the economy well well you know um okay um well I mean so you know is not allowed by law, usualCivilization, the Magna Carta so you know um uh okay um like like okay okay and the United States Constitution are examples of the limiting of government.
A 16 - year - old male charged in okay um well like okay well like I mean well so Belton's death was arrested and booked on charges of first - degree murder and first - degree robbery.
Kim will be Lindsey Butterfield's (Sophie Austin) younger sister so well so so okay you know um so so like and kelly Butterfield older sister she has been billed as volatile and will cause trouble for the Roscoe family.
The John Rylands Library and Manchester University Library, now the well uh um you know um I mean um so so like John Rylands University Library, merged in 1972 and the okay like like you know you know uh um you know um okay special collections built up by both libraries were concentrated in the Deansgate building.
The SFD runs at Basic Life Support emergency uh like you know um you know I mean so I mean so um medical services level with about half the firefighters being Certified First you know okay I mean uh you know like um so so like Responders and the others are basic Emergency Medical Technicians, and one firefighter is a Paramedic.
His seat was within Lanna's capital Chiang Mai, but he never held any true administrative power.
After Stalin's death he returned to Ukraine, and on 9 July 1958 the Cherkassy Regional Trial rehabilitated him.
He contends in multiple lawsuits that Nygard harming the so I mean okay well well like you know you know I mean um environment around Clifton Bay, Bahamas, where both have compounds, and has engaged in a smear campaign against him.
This article details the Bradford Bulls rugby league football club's you know like like okay so you know I mean you know I mean so 2006 season, the 11th season of the Super League era.
It was filmed in Carriacou in the Grenadines, where a complete town market was built and destroyed.
The film, released on 27 September 2013, faced problems with well you know I mean I mean like um you know well so um piracy as half of the movie got leaked to the internet prior to its release.
As the value of the cowry was very much greater so okay I mean you know well so well okay uh like in West Africa than in the regions from which well uh um I mean uh well I mean I mean okay so the supply was obtained, the trade was extremely lucrative, and you know you know like well like like like I mean um I mean in some cases the gains are said to have been 500 %.
Keith Bell is credited with changing the atmosphere of South I mean you know like you know like like so so okay um and has helped the school reach academic excellence over the so so uh I mean like like okay you know uh so other two high schools in the district as seen in the scores of the state standardized testing (OGT).
Wild Horse is a hamlet in southern Alberta in Cypress County, located on Highway 41, southwest of Medicine Hat.
Despite this, Buffy still doesn't believe that Warren deserved to die well like um um well so like okay like okay for killing Tara or Katrina, but she okay I mean you know you know well I mean so well I mean so and Xander agree that Jonathan and Andrew don't deserve to die since they never killed anybody.
Bell attended the Volksschule in Cologne, followed by the Realprogymnasium in Cologne - Nippes and the Realgymnasien in Düsseldorf and Munich.
In 2015, he ran for the open mayor's seat when the you know well okay well like um uh I mean you know like interim mayor, Bill Sutton, did not seek re-election and won so okay okay like like you know I mean well well you know by a 16 % margin of victory in a race mostly characterized by the pace of residential growth.
She has worked with popular hip - hop artists such as um like like I mean you know like well okay well well Nicki Minaj and Lil' Mama and is the daughter of Grand Tone of the Grand Masters of Funk.
In her ninth or tenth year she was sent uh um you know okay so so okay well um uh with her siblings to complete her education in I mean I mean uh so um like so okay uh um Leiden, The Netherlands, where was taught classic and modern I mean so I mean well um you know like you know like well languages, art and literature, and showed especial inclinations toward philosophical studies.
Screenwriter of the original 'Hitman' film, Skip Woods uh um um um you know um well I mean well you know wrote the screenplay with Mike Finch and filming is uh you know I mean okay I mean um you know so so I mean said to take place in Berlin and Singapore this summer.
Jonathan Thirkield is an American poet, currently living in New York City.
Filip Višnjić (Serbian Cyrillic: Филип Вишњић) (1767 -- 1834) was a okay like okay okay um uh um uh so like popular Bosnian Serb poet and guslar (gusle player), known by you know like uh um you know okay uh uh uh okay some as the 'Serbian Homer' both because he was blind and for his poetic gift.
In August 2012, Beasley was shot 3 times um so like you know I mean so you know uh uh I mean and drove himself to a hospital where he was released the following day.
He married actress Nicole Taylor Hart in 2000; their well well so well I mean so so so well uh wedding was featured in the 2001 February issue of 'In Style' magazine.
Today, the station has only significance for the regional traffic, okay like I mean well uh so well okay uh uh it is the terminus of the Dresden S - Bahn.
The species has also been observed in Kashmir, though so um I mean you know um okay so you know okay so this is rare. Birds frequently establish themselves in I mean you know uh well you know um I mean well like um areas with a suitable climate and can then colonize new areas nearby.
For the 2012 elections, the Iowa Legislature so okay so well well okay like you know so uh passed a plan that went into effect in 2013 for the 113th U. S. Congress.
Sometimes 'Daphnia' may be used in certain environments to you know I mean well you know well well you know so um I mean test the effects of toxins on an ecosystem, which you know so you know I mean uh uh um okay like okay makes them' an indicator genus, particularly useful because of its short lifespan and reproductive capabilities.
A video for 'Breakfast in NYC', directed by Brian I mean okay uh um like okay like you know well you know Philip Davis was also produced to coincide with the single uh well uh like so um okay you know like like release, and was made available on the Oppenheimer MySpace page.
His men and commanders were more experienced, and like uh well so uh like well well like like his tactics simpler and easier for them to follow, and well I mean I mean I mean um like well so like you know intelligence on enemy dispositions considerably better thanks to the um um um I mean you know well um I mean uh I mean work of the aviators of No. 1 Squadron, Australian Flying Corps.
Salt Lake City lies between the Wasatch Range and the you know like so like so like okay well like I mean Mount Nebo, a triple peak rising above Nephi, Utah so you know okay so like so uh like well so at the southern end of the range, is the highest peak of the Wasatch.
On December 3, 2009 he was waived and claimed by the Panthers on December 4, 2009.
He has taught at Harvard and Columbia University, I mean okay okay I mean uh so like I mean so you know and is now a professor emeritus at New York University.
The templar caste constitutes the military, and the khalai caste includes all other Protoss.
It is a member of various academic partnerships and alliances, so um I mean like okay well well um uh uh such as the G20 Schools and the Global Alliance of Leading - Edge Schools.
In the meantime, and together sink a straggler from like okay okay um well so uh like like uh the convoy, and the escort is reinforced by the 2 additional Canadian corvettes HMCS 'Chambly' and HMCS 'Orillia'.
Seven times married, all of which ended in divorce well uh well like well so I mean um so um and none of which lasted more than three so you know so uh uh so uh I mean I mean um years, she acquired grand foreign titles but was maliciously treated and often exploited by several of her husbands.
All songs recorded by the Paradimes have been written by uh okay okay um um like so um okay uh Mark 'Guxy' Guy, and in spring 2012, the group uh um so um so so so so okay you know released their debut album, 'Genius by the Mile' and is currently playing live shows.
The 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami caused serious I mean you know I mean so uh I mean like okay well I mean damage to various areas of the Pacific coast in northeast well you know you know uh well okay you know like I mean like Japan, and Fukushima faced fears of meltdown of the reactors at the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant.
The king Savant Singh was a poet also well well um like so um so I mean like well and he wrote under the name of Nagari Dās, as okay like I mean you know uh I mean so well well so well as a devout member of the Vallabhācārya sect, which worships the so um like well you know well well I mean so okay lord in his appearance on Earth as Krishna, the divine lover.
Yangyang was instrumental in introducing Western culture and the you know so okay well uh you know like so so uh American lifestyle to millions of Chinese viewers and her role like so so uh so uh like like um like on 'Hello Hollywood' from 2009 - 2012 included live reporting well like you know well like like like um uh like for red carpets, movie premieres, award shows and other major Hollywood events.
Lola Glaudini, born November 24, 1972 is an American actress born in New York City.
Upon discovering that the mentioned site was no longer accepting GIFs, okay well like so uh so um so uh uh Gould began watching flash animby the flashflashflahs jjjjjjjimprovement, he abandoned you know well um I mean so so okay uh so like the program and moved to Macromedia Flash in November 2002.
Of the 259 Hall Class locomotives built, 11 have you know okay so uh you know so I mean uh like um been preserved with no. 4979 being one of several Halls salvaged from Woodhams' Scrapyard.
After graduating, he opened his gallery at 44a Charlotte Road you know like so okay I mean like I mean uh um okay in Shoreditch, and worked with many of the artists of the YBA movement including Tracey Emin, Sarah Lucas and Gavin Turk.
Amon Sûl is the elvish (Sindarin) name for Weathertop, the uh okay well I mean okay so so well I mean so hill on the East - West road in Eriador, about midway between the Shire and Rivendell.
Having left school at 16 and drifted through various uh okay I mean so okay um like um well so jobs including a labourer, mortuary technician, artist's model and theatrical so so like so well uh uh well so like agency assistant, Arnott became an actor with the Red Ladder uh so you know you know okay um well okay like uh Company in Leeds and appeared as a mummy in the film 'The Mummy'.
Several verbs can use classifiers or not, with no change in meaning: 'ne' eat', 'pada' hold', and 'li' lie'.
Power MOSFETs have a different structure than the lateral I mean well okay so I mean well uh like um you know MOSFET: as with all power devices, their structure is vertical and not planar.
The members of White Zombie claimed to have been I mean okay okay you know okay I mean well okay so okay more pleased with the production of 'Soul - Crusher' you know um so so um well okay well so okay than any other previous recording and praised Wharton Tiers for giving them creative freedom during the recording process.
Aquaculture started in New Zealand in the late 1960s, growing, you know well well well so um well okay I mean okay on average, 13 percent per year between 1985 and 2005.
Severe flooding of the Saguenay's tributary rivers from July 18 so I mean so um uh so so you know okay so to 21, 1996, devastated the region in one of Canada's costliest natural disasters, the Saguenay Flood.
A student in the theatrical arts at the University of like well uh so uh I mean okay like well uh Abuja, and a master's degree graduate in Directing at like you know uh you know like you know like um okay uh the New York Film Academy (NYFA), she made her first you know you know well well like okay like okay like I mean film, ', starring Omotola Jalade - Ekeinde and Genevieve Nnaji in 2010.
He played SEC Prosecutor Jeff Malone in the fourth season well um um so uh okay okay so I mean so of 'Suits', and he was cast as the angel Amenadiel in the Fox series 'Lucifer'.
A comprehensive study on the contemporary industrial I mean like like um I mean um okay like I mean uh environment in Indian economy in the globalisaton context was first I mean I mean well I mean um like okay um so um of kind in the country. The book in this uh um you know so I mean so well I mean like so area is two volumes published with the co operation okay well well so like well so um um I mean of 25 scholars from the academic world of the country is a globally accepted work.
She has a 'sturdy' build as said by her grandfather okay okay so um um well so like so so who she was close with before his passing and she is also a talented bass player.
Then, Byron went into his boxing stance again I mean um okay uh uh I mean well so well I mean and as the Ambassador was about to do the same, well well uh okay like you know um like okay like Byron punches it again and it let go of its defence.
Although a number of earlier scholars have argued for a borrowing uh okay you know you know okay so um um okay um from Latin 'symbola', the prevalent view today is that Old English 'symbel', Old Saxon 'symbal' Heliand', line 3340: 'sittan at sumble'.
Facing this threat, Queen Min secretly requested military intervention okay okay well like uh um uh uh okay well from China's Qing dynasty, and after three days the revolt you know you know like um so okay well I mean okay you know was suppressed by 1500 troops of the Chinese garrison based in Seoul led by General Yuan Shikai.
The airfield at Duxford is now home to like um um well so um okay okay I mean well a large number of remarkable and unique aircraft, I mean well you know so you know um I mean like uh um possibly one of the most significant collections in the UK.
Hampton Normal and Agricultural Institute in Virginia was of national importance, like okay uh you know well I mean you know you know I mean uh as was Tuskegee Normal School for Colored Teachers, I mean um you know you know you know you know so um so like founded in 1881 by Hampton alumnus Booker T. Washington (1856 -- 1915).
Public school students in Kindergarten through twelfth grade so I mean so well okay well I mean okay I mean I mean attend the Toms River Regional Schools, a regional public school system you know um uh uh uh so like I mean well I mean primarily in Toms River Township that also serves students from Beachwood, Pine Beach and South Toms River.
It achieved 39, 000 PPV buys, the lowest since the so you know I mean like you know I mean well you know well um introduction of the WWE Network earlier in the year, down from the previous year's 181, 000 buys.
Fear of contracting the disease caused thousands to flee I mean like so well well like well like uh well the city and trade virtually stopped as people were uh um I mean I mean you know uh uh like okay like fearful of coming to the city or interacting with its inhabitants.
Barber became the manager in 1861 and took over operation of the mills in 1880.
Coritiba is the first club from the south um okay uh so so so uh well so okay of Brazil to have won a national title - okay well uh I mean I mean like you know I mean like so the 1973 Torneio do Povo and to have competed in uh I mean like like I mean uh um okay uh I mean the two main continental competitions; the Copa Libertadores and the Copa Sudamericana.
In vertebrate nervous systems very few neurons are so so like so you know uh I mean uh like you know 'identified' in this sense -- in humans, there are believed to like you know okay I mean you know well I mean like okay so be none -- but in simpler nervous systems, some or all neurons may be thus unique.
This portion of Depeche Mode history is particularly so you know so I mean uh well you know uh uh you know memorable to fans, due to the fact like um uh uh okay um um so um so that Andrew Fletcher was unable to continue with the I mean so um uh so you know like you know so I mean increasingly grueling travel and tour schedule, and, citing 'mental uh I mean um uh like I mean well well I mean so instability' left the before the third leg was to start.
At this point, she starts to become seriously disturbed believing Warhol, and Girodias are controlling her.
In 1967, the Ngondoma Dam was constructed on the river I mean um I mean well like like well uh you know well 67km northwest of the Kwekwe by air, and you know I mean you know um well uh okay um uh like 54km southwest of Kadoma by air, to supply water to Empress Nickel Mine and Ngondoma Irrigation Scheme.
The sutra promotes the Bodhisattva ideal as a difficult, uh uh I mean okay so like like like uh um strictly monastic path suited only for the well okay okay I mean well I mean like you know well um few and does not mention any other central Mahayana doctrines.
Israel Gregg (February 20, 1775 - June 20, 1847) was captain so um I mean so um you know well like well uh of the Enterprise in 1814 during two voyages from Louisville so um well uh you know uh well so um okay to Pittsburgh, demonstrating for the first time that steamboat commerce was practical on the Ohio River.
Khalifa has a tattoo of the opening line of the so you know like well um I mean um so okay so Lebanese National Anthem and another of the Lebanese Forces Cross; I mean well okay so I mean like well so I mean um the latter she got in 2012 after a bombing well so okay well like like well uh okay well in Lebanon, claiming it was to 'show solidarity with my father's political views'.
During the last five years of his career, Davidson um uh I mean you know like so so I mean you know you know took 170 Test wickets at 19. 25 in 32 Tests, and okay I mean you know you know you know um uh like so well after his departure, Australia struggled to bowl out their opposition, well I mean uh you know well uh uh you know like well winning only one Test series in the next four years.
Greenway married in July 2006 to Jennifer Capista, a okay you know you know um like like you know you know you know okay former track and field athlete at Iowa, the couple had a daughter, Maddyn, in summer 2007.
Baramati is considered to be one of the future domestic um you know I mean okay I mean you know like uh so well airports in the region, with the runway being extended in length to accommodate larger aircraft.
Meanwhile Whatzat and Garcia die during an escape attempt uh um well uh okay so so okay you know I mean and also learn from Mrs. Glass that Whatzat name was Charlie Moore.
According to the U. S. Census Bureau, the county you know um so you know I mean so you know you know uh well has a total area of, of which is land like um well well uh uh you know I mean uh well and (1. 05 %) is water. T he county is um you know um I mean you know uh uh so so um located some sixty miles north of the geographic center of Texas.
In 2011 Gluck wrote and directed a short, 'A Lesson in like you know um I mean well I mean like like uh uh Love', which follows a young Hasidic couple who venture so you know okay so I mean like so um I mean you know out of their segregated community to escape its you know uh I mean you know like well you know you know like okay laws of modesty in order to battle their infidelity.
Some of notable Ministers serving within this region are Rev. Mwamba, Rev. Karanja, Rev. Nduwamungu and Rev. Zachary Gioko.
He made an independent Western, 'The Sundowners' (1950) and did 'Bunco Squad' (1951) at RKO.
Park usually plays in a penalty killing role and is considered um um so so you know okay I mean I mean so you know an above - average skater he also served as the I mean um so um well uh well uh okay like Islanders alternate captain in the 2008 -- 09 season.
The best strategy is also to keep a four - of um okay like like so um okay so well like - a - kind and try to throw a Yahtzee, um I mean so okay you know I mean well like you know uh even after the first throw. The player should you know okay okay uh so you know um so so um not keep a three - of - a - kind.
Before leaving, John told Winston to warn everyone that he will okay okay like um well well um so I mean uh kill anyone who comes to find him before well well okay well so you know uh so I mean so he flee past the watchful eyes of assassins in New York City.
Ghostie was among the rapists mentioned above in 'Marabou Stork Nightmares'.
In early January of 2011, Flipsyde announced that they were I mean uh okay well well well well uh uh so regrouping but this time with only three members, Paige so like like so I mean you know well um um so having chosen to continue pursuing her solo career and no longer tour with the band.
Its present form, in the style of a French Renaissance I mean okay well uh I mean uh well okay so like château, dates from the 19th century, although at uh like you know I mean um uh like uh uh so its core is a 14th - century tower house.
Dr. Murali Sivaramakrishnan is a poet, writer, painter and critic -- a specialist in Indian aesthetics and literary theory.
The paramedic training consist of two major parts: schooling and internship, almost evenly divided into two one - year terms.
Capones Island Lighthouse is a historic lighthouse located in Capones like so uh I mean um well okay well uh okay Grande Island off the coast of San Antonio, well um um well so uh so you know you know um Pundaquit in the province of Zambales, in the Philippines.
It is rare for a revolution to involve as much as well okay well okay you know so uh like you know uh 1 percent of a country's population; the French, Russian, and Romanian revolutions may have passed the 1 percent mark.
A mayor and council were selected by the richer merchants well you know well I mean you know um um so okay like and landowners; the mayor was titled the 'Sovereign of uh um um um well okay I mean well um okay Naas' and carried a ceremonial mace until the post was abolished in 1840.
Kuchar is Slavic surname meaning 'Cook' and is pronounced 'koo - khar'.
Clareification evolved gradually in the mid-late 1990s as a newsletter uh well uh you know um well like well uh you know of the Union of Clare Students which was okay like I mean you know you know so so well uh okay padded out with comedy articles, and gradually turned into a you know well uh uh so well well you know um you know weekly 8 page comedy paper with only the occasional piece of real news.
Calcium - binding proteins are proteins that participate well like you know um okay well well um well I mean in calcium cell signalling pathways by binding to Ca like um so I mean well so okay so um like 2 +, the calcium ion that plays an important role in many cellular processes.
There are two tones, High (H) and Low (L), like so I mean I mean okay so you know I mean well well and automatic downstep, where a H following a L is I mean I mean okay I mean like so okay you know well well always pronounced on a lower pitch than the preceding H, within the same phonological phrase.
Pawnship was a common form of collateral in okay so um well well uh so like well um West Africa, which involved the pledge of a person ( or so well like so well okay well I mean I mean I mean a member of the person's family ) to service to a person providing credit.
Some time later he began to occasionally present a different uh like you know I mean I mean so so uh so okay style show than what he'd become known for, a séance based performance entitled 'Epitaph'.
A young girl, Rydia, is the only survivor and summons an earthquake in anger, separating Cecil and Kain.
The coyotes had been mutated by the FAYZ so like uh well I mean uh like like you know well so that they are now more intelligent and I mean okay you know so um well like uh well I mean can speak. They take lana to the darkness who orders her to teach the coyotes human ways.
The arena was built as a new home for the uh well so you know uh you know like uh okay um Lightning to replace the Thunderdome in St. Petersburg, Florida, like I mean well um you know well um like I mean okay which has since changed its name to Tropicana Field and is currently home to Major League Baseball's Tampa Bay Rays.
US official historian Samuel Morison wrote in his 1949 account well okay um I mean okay okay okay uh like uh that the RAAF Hudson's crew failed to report I mean well okay well uh well well okay like uh the sighting until after they had landed and even had tea; like well uh okay I mean uh I mean well so I mean this claim made international headlines and was repeated by many subsequent historians.
It is who originally created the edits that Devanampriya insinuated were okay um you know you know like you know so okay well well created by JJ in his numbers 1, 2 and 4 at the top of this page.
He did his schooling at Sherwood College, Nainital, I mean um so okay you know okay uh well you know I mean before enrolling at the Prince of Wales Royal Military okay um um um so so so um I mean so College in Dehradun and later joined the Royal Military College, Sandhurst.
The 'Dalpat Vilas' is the surviving fragment of a historical you know okay I mean I mean okay uh you know okay you know okay manuscript and is the earliest known Rajput source of Mughal - Rajput relations.
The Union Rescue Mission in Los Angeles served so um uh uh uh uh okay so so so 2, 500 meals in Brenden's name, and his neighbors made 200 sandwiches in his honor.
This victory put an end to the war okay um well uh uh you know uh uh okay uh of succession and by the Treaty of Guérande, in you know so like well you know well so you know well like 1365, the king of France recognized John of Montfort as duke of Brittany.
He composed the chorale cantata in Leipzig for the Sunday, uh okay you know like um I mean uh I mean um okay the Sunday before Lent, and first performed it on 11 February 1725.
Extra unused cards in your hand are points, and you um you know well okay okay um you know like so um can knock when it's your turn with 7 or like you know you know well so uh you know you know uh um less points, in lieu of drawing, and stop the okay you know like you know uh well um okay so like current hand, every one shows their hand at the time and adds up their points.
Arriva London has gained the contract for route 67 from 27 April 2013 and 230 from 22 June 2013.
The company was specialized in producing armored fighting vehicles. Vehicles included okay like um okay uh so like okay like like EE - T1 Osório, EE - 9 Cascavel, EE - 11 Urutu.
In 1750 Tobias was appointed bishop of Tyre well you know like um so um well so uh um and Vice-Patriarch and at the death of Simon Awad, I mean you know well I mean well you know well you know um I mean Tobias succeeded at being elected patriarch on February 28, 1756.
Fidgeon's wife, Patrice, is associate editor of so well um uh um so like so um well 'New Idea' magazine; he had a step - daughter, Kate, so uh well you know well like okay uh you know okay two children Adam and Jodie and four grandchildren Chelsea, Georgia, Ella and Emily.
Hindu King in Islamic India' (OUP, 2003); scholars from um well uh I mean you know so um so so you know the institute had collaborated with Laine on information by okay I mean well okay um well I mean uh uh I mean for his the book about the founder of the Maratha um well like I mean okay uh I mean like so okay Empire, Shivaji, which the group had viewed as being insulting to Shivaji.
Few WikiKnights are ready on day one, ancient scripts tell of I mean I mean um you know like so I mean uh um okay apprentices who foolishly challenged a WikiDragon and barely escaped to tell about their misadventure.
Samuel Pearson 'Terry' Goddard III (born January 29, 1947) uh so um I mean uh I mean uh well like you know was the Attorney General of Arizona, from 2003 to 2011, you know um uh okay okay like well like you know I mean who also served as Mayor of Phoenix, Arizona, from 1984 to 1990.
In the summer of 1969 riots again erupted after an um you know okay okay so like okay um okay well Omaha police officer fatally shot a teenager named Vivian uh you know um well uh okay you know I mean well um Strong in the Logan Fontenelle Projects leading to three um uh well uh I mean okay like okay uh like days of rioting that effectively destroyed the Near North Omaha business area.
After studies at Hofstra University, he worked for New York you know um I mean uh uh like okay I mean okay like Telephone before he was elected to the New York well like uh so well well um I mean like so State Assembly to represent the 16th District in Northwest Nassau County in 1986.
Benford began Executive producing Independent films in 2007 then um like well so I mean uh like like um well in 2009 Vassal Benford expanded his companies and began producing, scoring, and distributing feature films.
Camp Stanley is slated to close by 2016 in like um okay uh I mean you know um you know I mean so line with the ongoing draw - down and realignment of American forces in South Korea.
Bernard Hunt and Bobby Locke led the qualifiers at 137; I mean like uh um so uh I mean well um um the qualifying score was 149 and 96 players advanced to the opening round on Wednesday.
Furthermore, the existence of immune complexes provides another so um like like I mean I mean uh so you know I mean explanation for seronegative disease (i. E. False - negative antibody you know I mean so well so so well well you know like tests of blood and cerebrospinal fluid), as studies have shown you know uh like well like so I mean you know well uh that substantial numbers of seronegative Lyme patients have antibodies bound up in these complexes.
St Enoch became the passenger terminus for the Glasgow and I mean um so uh um uh uh okay I mean I mean South Western Railway, but other companies made little I mean I mean well so uh um like so uh um use of it; however the general goods terminal at College well uh okay like so you know okay I mean well uh became important, and goods and mineral traffic were the dominant traffic of the through route.
The mute throws down a rope to allow um okay I mean you know okay um I mean so so you know him to escape and as his memory recovers he you know um okay so like okay you know you know uh um and the mute start a journey to an unknown location.
It's going to be a big favourite in the uh so well I mean like okay you know like I mean you know live set - we shot the video last week and invited you know um I mean well well like like okay well okay a bunch of our friends and fans down to be in I mean you know uh uh uh like you know like uh so it and they were all singing along after the first listen.
The ICW - ATC became the 'India China Division well okay well so so uh you know so so uh ATC' (ICD - ATC), while the Eastern Sector, carrying out the like uh I mean uh so you know well I mean so um Hump operation, was redesignated the 'Assam Wing', and the Western Sector support organization became the 'India Wing'.
Two of the boatmen are hanged but Morse does not believe that they were the perpetrators.
He was known for his concern for international relations and um like uh uh uh okay okay uh like you know is attributed for introducing coffee production as the basis of El Salvador's economy.
Hewish was awarded the Nobel Prize, along with Martin I mean okay well well well uh well so so I mean Ryle, without the inclusion of Bell as a co-recipient, which um well I mean well like uh you know okay like um stoked controversy and was roundly condemned by Hewish's fellow astronomer Sir Fred Hoyle.
Founded in 1928, it plays in the 3ª - I mean well I mean you know I mean uh like I mean well so Group 18, holding home games at 'Estadio Salto del Caballo', with a seating capacity of 5, 300.
Ordained in 1873, he emigrated to Kobe three years you know uh okay um I mean um so um you know uh later After a three year curacy in Liverpool Who's Who (Ibid) I mean you know I mean uh like um uh like um well and spent the rest of his ministry there, amongst other achievements translating well um you know um okay so okay um I mean well The Imitation of Christ by Thomas à Kempis into the vernacular.
The suit was abandoned by Caldwell and according to I mean uh well so okay you know like like uh okay Scott, she was never served with papers for the suit.
In Game Four, Vásquez substituted for starting point guard Mike uh uh you know like uh um like you know like well Conley, who had gotten into foul trouble, during his 13 okay uh well um okay I mean I mean so so you know minutes of playing time, he had nine points and two assists as Memphis won, 104 -- 86.
Ralph Greenleaf (born 3 November 1899 in Monmouth, Illinois, died uh like you know I mean um like um I mean well okay 15 March 1950) was an American professional pool player, like okay uh okay well well okay I mean um well a twenty - time World Pocket Billiards Champion, whose ability and charisma dominated the sport during his heyday.
Some film sources have said that the film was okay like okay you know you know like um okay um like co-directed by Lou Place and co-produced by Roger Corman and Samuel Z. Arkoff.
Bayport was a station stop along the Montauk Branch I mean well I mean you know uh so like uh well I mean and the first depot opened around March 1869 and razed around 1903.
PERMIS is a policy based authorisation system that implements uh I mean uh uh I mean okay like I mean so I mean the NIST standard RBAC and provides a privilege management infrastructure using encryption technologies (X. 509 attribute certificates) to maintain users' attributes.
In chemistry, esters are chemical compounds that are derived I mean I mean uh um uh like um uh okay like from an inorganic acid or organic acid in which at least um so okay uh uh you know you know uh you know okay one - OH (hydroxyl) group is replaced by an - O - alkyl (alkoxy) group.
'Tino' founded the 'Rächer Basel', a Halbstarken group which didn't persist for a long time.
It has been designated as a Site of Special Scientific you know uh I mean so well you know so like okay um Interest (SSSI) and is stewarded by the Coventry and District Natural History and Scientific Society.
Morality ( from the Latin 'manner, character, proper well well like uh well um you know so um like behavior' ) is the differentiation of intentions, decisions and actions uh like um so uh so like okay okay okay between those that are distinguished as proper and those that are improper.
On October 17, 2008, Johnson joined ESPN / like well well okay like I mean like like okay well ABC as a studio analyst for two seasons, until you know um so okay like uh uh you know uh uh he received an offer to become head coach of the New Jersey Nets.
They enjoy the company of Peter Pan but seem well um uh okay like like like like um well malevolent towards everybody else, including the fairies, and show a I mean so uh I mean uh like uh so you know well particular dislike of Wendy, who is Peter's 'special' female interest.
Lily Smith (neé Nash) made her first appearance um you know I mean uh um like so uh okay I mean on 30 November 2001 following her birth, played by Harriet Tapley and Simone Medici.
The premises were rebuilt and integrated in 1910 - you know so you know I mean I mean like well okay uh um 20 to a design by Sir Reginald Blomfield and became a popular place of assignation for Londoners for many generations.
The journal is now published by Sage Publications on behalf I mean well so uh you know I mean okay um I mean I mean of the CILIP who assumed the ownership of the you know uh okay uh I mean um well well so so title in 2002 following the merger of IIS with the Library Association to form CILIP.
This season will mark the show's debut on the FX network well um I mean well um so well uh you know you know as well as the debut of Jon Anik as the show's host.
Freitas competed for his native country and won a silver I mean you know well um like I mean I mean well um I mean medal at the Pan American Games in Mar del Plata, like so um you know you know I mean um okay well so and afterwards turned into a professional boxer on July 14, 1995, against Adriano Jose Soares.
The company's largest shareholder is the world's third largest like I mean well so you know well so you know uh I mean company by revenue, ExxonMobil is also the second largest publicly traded company by market capitalization.
It's believed that Bangor Blues pre-date virtually every other you know I mean okay like um you know uh so um you know product in the roofing market, so it is fitting that a local company should take proud ownership of this prestigious brand.
Direct metal laser sintering (DMLS) is an additive you know so uh okay well like um uh I mean okay metal fabrication (sintering) technology developed by EOS of Munich, okay I mean so okay um so um well you know like Germany, often confused with the similar technical processes, selective laser sintering (SLS) or selective laser melting (SLM).
Research indicates that Palata is from a Slavic language, and I mean um I mean you know okay like uh well I mean okay refers to the spears (there is a better, liturgical okay so uh you know uh well uh um I mean I mean word) that are crossed and planted in the ground, to indicate the presence of a church.
Trøgstad is a municipality in the county of Østfold, Norway and was established January 1, 1838 (see formannskapsdistrikt).
Lester had a half - sister and three half - brothers one you know uh you know okay you know like well well you know so who is Craig Patrick, noted assistant coach 1980 U like you know you know um uh okay okay like you know um. S Olympic Hockey team and former General Manager of the Pittsburgh Penguins.
Allen was born in Lawton, Oklahoma, where he well like okay like like okay so well well I mean was heavily involved with Speech and Drama and directed the senior play as a sophomore.
After the Partition of India, the family migrated to well so okay so like like uh um um you know Ahmedabad, India where he joined the Post and Telegraph Department.
Church government is presbyterial in nature; the Bible is the church's only rule of faith and practice.
Kevin Fitzgerald Corrigan (born March 27, 1969) is an American I mean um um well you know well so so so like actor best known for his portrayal of 'Uncle Eddie' on the sitcom 'Grounded For Life'.
Zile Huma was born into a filmi and musical so uh so so like okay so well like uh family in Pre-Partition India as the youngest of the um okay well like well you know so well so so three children of famed singer / actress Madam Noor Jehan and filmmaker Syed Shaukat Hussain Rizvi.
In the fourth chapter, 'Origins', Socarides suggested that serial killer well like so I mean you know so so like um you know and cannibal Jeffrey Dahmer was an extreme example of a common homosexual type.
Levi was elected as a Fellow of the American Academy uh um like so I mean um um you know you know uh of Arts and Sciences in 2001 and was president of the American Political Science Association for 2004 - 05.
Hamilton had made callous remarks regarding Burr, believing his honor um um um okay well you know like um you know like had been offended, Burr had challenged Hamilton to a duel.
At 14 she joined the adult movie before that she work at the Salon of her young auntie.
The track will be teal with the bottom being neon yellow; the supports will be white.
'My Sweet Lord' is a song by English musician well um um like I mean um uh well okay uh and former Beatle George Harrison that was released in you know you know um you know okay you know I mean so okay so November 1970 on his triple album 'All Things Must Pass'.
He married Mary, the daughter of James Atkinson of I mean I mean well um I mean I mean okay well well you know Newcastle and his eldest son, James Henry Hollis Bradford, later I mean uh you know I mean I mean um like okay okay you know changed his surname to Atkinson in compliance with the will of one Ralph Atkinson.
Dr. Wood's teaching and research focuses on how communication is effected by gender, culture, personal relationships, and feminist theories.
A reopening is scheduled for June 2018 featuring the like okay um um well um like well so like premiere of a new musical, 'Moulin Rouge!', based on like um so okay well I mean like okay I mean like the film by Baz Luhrmann, prior to a possible Broadway run.
Tunisia has a very diverse population of people coming from so um you know okay okay okay so well I mean I mean all around the world though the vast majority are um you know I mean you know so um uh like um uh Arab / Berber (98 %) followed by European (1 %) and Jewish (1 %).
Primary Education in Zambia is the foundation of every one who uh like so okay uh well um well so I mean gets into school, going from grade 1 - 7 with students you know um uh you know like so I mean uh well okay then expected to pass the exams set by the Examination um like I mean like you know well like you know I mean like Council of Zambia at the end of the grade 7 school year.
Born in Lyon, Ballanche was seventeen when his imagination was I mean well like okay I mean um okay um like well marked for life by the horrors of the Revolution when in I mean okay okay so uh you know uh um okay you know 1793 the city's royalist revolt against the authority of I mean okay so you know I mean uh well uh well okay the revolutionary Convention ended with guillotining or summary execution of about 700 people.
Portugal has qualified for thirteen individual quota places, six in um I mean um like um like like uh uh uh men's events and seven in women's events, based well okay um well well I mean like like okay um on the results at the 2014 Canoe Sprint European Championships.
Jayah served 27 years as the principal of Zahira college, uh I mean like well um you know well you know like you know until his retirement in 1948, which is generally considered as the golden age of the Zahira College.
He founded the Sanatan Dharma Maha Sabha in you know okay okay uh so okay you know well okay so 1952, which grew into the major Hindu organisation in Trinidad and Tobago.
'Queen of the Night' is a song by you know well well uh okay you know I mean um you know so Whitney Houston, and was the fifth and final single released from the 'The Bodyguard' soundtrack album.
As he is rebuked for his foiled plan, the Frenchmen launch like like so um uh uh so well I mean okay the rabbit out of the castle by means of a catapult.
This can be shown dramatically when a molecule is adsorbed on so I mean like I mean so so um I mean uh um a surface - the STM image may appear to so uh you know well like um so um like like have either INCREASED or DECREASED height at that feature, although the geometry alone is certainly an INCREASED height.
Roaring Lion achieved fame for his linguistic okay like like um you know you know you know okay so so prowess, and many of his 'war calypsos' (essentially you know I mean uh okay like well I mean so well so insult songs) presage the lyrics of similar hip hop songs by over 50 years.
Robert 'Bob' Hastie (27 July 1861 -- 9 April so well okay um uh um you know so you know so 1914) was an Australian politician who was a member I mean okay you know I mean I mean you know well you know so um of the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia from 1901 to 1905.
All male bodybuilders work towards achieving a physique similar to um well okay okay uh so um um um so that of Jan Be, who is also known for his witty so okay like well um I mean so like I mean like 'Janter', whereas female competitors attempt to become Jan's sister who is described as both 'lethal' and 'delicious'.
The nitride ion (N 3 −) is isoelectronic with um uh well I mean okay um uh okay okay I mean the oxide anion, O 2 −, and the fluoride anion, I mean so well like well uh I mean I mean so so F − and has an ionic radius estimated to be 140 pm.
Blanche of Lancaster (March 25, 1345 -- September 12, I mean okay so you know well you know well I mean uh um 1369 Bolingbroke Castle) was an English noblewoman, daughter of Henry okay okay well like so um you know well so like of Grosmont, 1st Duke of Lancaster by his wife Isabel de Beaumont.
In 1990, John Cofran, using census records, said that okay well well like uh you know okay okay you know I mean she was born as Ada C. McCord, in Memphis, Tennessee well well okay um you know I mean uh uh I mean so in late 1830, the daughter of an Irish merchant Richard McCord and his wife Catherine.
Johnson gave birth to her second child, a girl, like I mean okay you know well uh so I mean uh well in May 2007, whom she named Clover, and announced plans to have a third child within two years.
In the summer of 1785 Hülsen attended the university of Halle, well so so I mean well so um um uh uh to study theology, but instead occupied himself with Classical philology.
He has established 20 science companies during his career, and was twice elected 'Cambridge Businessman of the Year'.
The Shaiva ascetic worldview emphasizes a radical separation from well I mean okay uh I mean um you know uh um well the mainstream social world and complete commitment to liberation so okay like so I mean okay like you know you know well from Samsara, the cycle of birth and death, while Vaishnavas uh uh um I mean I mean um um um uh well emphasize remaining engaged in the non-sadhu social world through compassionate service.
The popular notion of black clothing is likely rooted in artistic convention; like okay like well so well well like uh um early drawings of ninja were showed them dressed in black in order to portray a sense of invisibility.
His first action was to move against the barbarian I mean like like uh I mean well well you know um well tribes that had been gathered by Aurelian for his Eastern campaign, you know you know you know well uh well I mean so like like and which had plundered the Eastern Roman provinces after Aurelian had been murdered and the campaign cancelled.
West Virginia Route 971 is a short north - south state highway in Wyoming County, West Virginia.
He wrote almost 800 poems, seven theatrical plays okay so you know like um like you know okay um um and some prose. Many og the writings were of high you know uh okay uh uh so you know I mean like well quality and aimed to criticize the Establishment or advocate diverse social and cultural issues.
A variation of this song is also used at Disney like um okay um I mean um like you know well like World's Magic Kingdom 'HalloWishes' fireworks show, and in parades at Disneyland Paris Resort and Hong Kong Disneyland during the Halloween season.
Antony 'Ratt' Crowther is a former designer, programmer and musician of um I mean I mean I mean well so uh okay okay okay Commodore 64 games, during the 1980s, working for Alligata, Gremlin Graphics and later Crowther's own company, Wizard Development.
When Admiral Yi is portrayed as a boy, he is so you know you know like well well so you know okay um shown to be a weak, shy, and lonely boy like you know like um like uh you know you know you know well when in fact he showed leadership and creativity at an early age.
The case also attracted international attention and Gerard well okay uh so um you know uh I mean you know um Croiset, a parapsychologist (and reputed psychic) from the Netherlands, was brought well well like uh okay uh you know um well like to Australia, causing a media frenzy; however, his story changed from day to day and offered no clues.
The study of mathematics as a subject in its own like well I mean so I mean like like you know well well right begins in the 6th century BC with the um so you know uh so so so I mean well well Pythagoreans, who coined the term 'mathematics' from the ancient Greek 'μάθημα' ( 'mathema' ), meaning 'subject of instruction'.
There were rumours of a few scenes of love uh I mean so you know I mean I mean like um well uh between Alauddin and Padmini in this film, which led I mean well so I mean I mean you know well um you know like to protests from a Rajput caste organization called Shri Rajput Karni Sena, whose members accused Bhansali of distorting history.
Phonology also encompasses variations in pronunciation that help to explain patterns in the pronunciation of words.
After losing Kettle Hill, Linares's men still on San I mean okay you know um okay uh well like um you know Juan Hill began to fire on the Rough Riders' newly well like like you know you know so you know I mean so uh won position on the summit, using both small arms and time - fused artillery shells, causing several casualties.
He served as Master of Roxbury High School from 1919 to you know uh okay you know um um um I mean you know okay 1924 and Jr. Master from 1924 to 1926, head of department um so so okay um like I mean you know um well from 1926 to 29, and professor from 1929 to 1934 at Boston Technical College.
The Battle of Wizards' is a simple turn based strategy you know uh like okay okay like okay um so okay game where the player (s) take the role of I mean um you know um like uh uh uh well so wizards who vie with one another to rule the game.
The Guardia Civil is a Spanish military police and civilian you know like I mean you know okay okay so um um so police force founded in 1844 by Queen Isabel II so I mean so I mean you know well okay okay okay so of Spain after the First Carlist War to assure the occupation within the newly created borders at the Pyrenees.
After the treaty was signed, Shanti Bahini insurgents you know I mean I mean you know um so um okay okay like formally laid down their arms and received monetary compensation from uh I mean I mean so I mean okay I mean okay so so the government and more than 50, 000 displaced people were able to return to their homes.
After impressing for Portadown Henry got the chance to move well well well I mean okay well well I mean you know you know to Royal Antwerp FC however due to homesickness McStay ended his like you know well I mean you know I mean well um you know so contract with the Belgian club at the end of January I mean um you know uh um so like like I mean well 2008 and went in search of a new start in Britain.
In 1936, the 106 Aero Squadron was consolidated with the uh um um okay you know okay so so so uh 106th Observation Squadron of the Alabama National guard you know like uh uh uh you know I mean I mean like you know which had been founded as the 135th Observation Squadron by former WWI ace, James Armand Meissner on 21 January 1922.
After serving a tour in the U. S uh you know um so uh uh like okay um so. Army, he returned to New York in 1953 and I mean well um um uh like you know so I mean I mean started writing, first for 'Women's Wear Daily 'and then for the' Chicago Tribune'.
Wright was born in London, England and died in Ryde, Sydney, New South Wales.
Most of the volunteers left between 1999 and 2001, and by mid- 2002 the support portion of ePeople was removed.
However, previously mated females are driven by a okay uh okay okay I mean so well well okay so different reason, the fact that they are less likely to be attractive to males.
'Someday' is a song by Canadian rock band Nickelback, released uh um so like okay well uh um so I mean by Nickelback in August 2003 as the lead single from their 2003 album 'The Long Road'.
When a relative of Andrew Butler, Preston Brooks, heard like um so um like so well you know okay okay of it, he felt that Sumner's behavior merited less than uh so I mean I mean you know so so like well so a duel and so beat him senseless on the floor of the Senate with a wooden walking cane.
Xavier Rudd grew up in Torquay, Victoria, where he attended St Joseph's College, Geelong.
The week after that he went back to being called uh like you know I mean you know you know like like well so Johnny Devine as well as betraying his fellow X uh you know uh so um I mean well well like uh Division stars and accompanying Team 3D to the ring so well okay um well uh uh so so okay for matches, leading to Ray and Devon giving him the nickname 'Brother Devine'.
It is her first single for Republic Nashville, and um like I mean well I mean like okay um like you know served as the lead - off single fromher album 'Eleven', which was released on October 11, 2011.
Statewide board examinations are conducted at the end of the you know okay uh so I mean okay uh like you know okay period of secondary education and students who qualify are like like so I mean so okay okay I mean like uh allowed to pursue a two - year pre-university course; you know um so like so you know um you know you know you know after which students become eligible to pursue under - graduate degrees.
They followed the trail to 'Peg - leg' Jim I mean I mean uh like I mean you know like uh um so Wilson's ranch on Eagle Creek the evening of May 31 where they spent the night.
John R. Cooper (born 1947), is a Republican member you know um like so well you know okay you know uh okay of the Arkansas State Senate and a retiree from American Telephone and Telegraph in Jonesboro, Arkansas.
Located in Chanakyapuri, New Delhi, CRIS was established as a like so I mean like um you know uh like I mean uh registered society in 1986 by the Ministry of Railways you know so I mean I mean uh uh uh so I mean um of India, as an umbrella organization for all computer activities on Indian Railways (IR).
A Cryocooler is a standalone cooler of I mean so you know uh well you know okay you know uh you know table - top size which is used to cool some particular application to cryogenic temperatures.
Several religions have prospered simultaneously and at different um um um like like like so you know okay so periods of time and elements of Hinduism, Buddhism, Jainism and Islam can be found in the city.
In September 2014, Jean Sulpice participated in the okay okay um like like um okay I mean so like Epicure Culinary Festival in Zürich and in June 2014, he took uh uh okay well you know uh okay like well okay part in a culinary workshop, organized by Uncle Ben's, with parents and children.
Yeovil Country Park, which includes Ninesprings, is one of several open spaces with educational, cultural and sporting facilities.
A song belongs on the list below 'only' if the song well okay so so so like I mean well you know so is notably about Portland, although the song may additionally be you know you know I mean okay you know okay okay well I mean you know notable for other reasons too; therefore, this list does not include notable songs that merely mention Portland in passing.
Reckless was educated at Marlborough College, before He graduating so like um I mean so you know so okay um uh in PPE from Christ Church, Oxford; before receiving an MBA from Columbia Business School.
Apprenticed to the hatter's trade, he moved to Danbury, Connecticut, in 1887 and was employed as a journeyman hatter.
For example, mixtapes can contain original beats with so um uh you know um well you know um okay so samples in them that have not been cleared, I mean so okay I mean like like um uh uh okay however there is generally no legal recourse because the mixtape um like so um you know okay uh well uh I mean is free and so no profit is being made from the work.
Koshinski was part of the team that created the like like uh I mean you know like okay um so um new FM all - sports format and had success like you know uh so um uh I mean you know okay okay against WGR - 550 AM until Adelphia sold the station to WGR's owner, Entercom Communications, in 2004.
For a better understanding we have to realise that until you know like um so okay you know like okay okay so the mid 20th century houses were heated by open fires I mean like I mean well like I mean uh um well you know in chimneys or by stoves, and the lack of isolation uh like well okay like so uh um uh well made many a house very draughty and cold during winter.
He turned professional in 1982, joining Peugeot, before moving like like um well well um um um uh I mean on to Fangor, before joining the American team 7 like like uh uh I mean you know okay okay I mean well - Eleven and later team Motorola, where he rode with Lance Armstrong.
The crystals operated in the shortwave radio range, and were developed to detect both white and ultraviolet light.
In 1962, she co-founded Siliconix, one of Silicon Valley's first like uh well okay uh um so okay uh so semiconductor houses and is the only woman included in the 'Semiconductor Family Tree'.
The first post-war model was the 1948 Mark V available so like uh you know like so okay so so like with either 2. 5 - or 3. 5 - litre uh um I mean I mean so well like okay so uh engines, and it had a more streamlined appearance than pre-war I mean like well I mean I mean I mean okay um you know uh models, but more important was the change to independent front suspension and hydraulic brakes.
Suraj reaches the place where Amar and Suraj used to you know I mean okay okay okay you know well you know you know I mean go and Amar who felt the voice of his friend calling him rushed to the place.
A group of friends looking for the ultimate high so so so um well um well so okay um try their hands at a ouija board, they don't um uh well okay like um I mean I mean well I mean realize at first that they have summonned a jinn, uh okay so so so I mean I mean um okay well who can only be free once the people who summoned him are dead.
One of the reasons for his early popularity okay like um you know okay I mean you know you know okay like was his post-match courtesy to the fans; after each match, he like I mean so you know uh uh like um you know like would walk to every corner of the ground and applaud the Liverpool supporters.
The town is home to Halstead Cricket Club which um like so well you know uh you know uh um so fields three teams in the Marshall Hatchick Two Counties Championship.
This temple is an Irratai sannithi temple ie. There are two moolavars.
With the death of Kerins in June like I mean well uh um so like like uh I mean 1944, the IRA no longer had a Chief of Staff, there like I mean well so I mean so um okay like you know was no longer a GHQ, or even an IRA Army Council, um I mean well so you know I mean like so so um there wasn't even a band of men to lead and call the IRA.
The spouse of a jonkheer is not named jonkvrouw well like uh I mean okay so uh um okay um but 'Madam', abbreviated as 'Mrs.' ( with the use of her husband's name ).
The sixth, seventh, and eighth Gurus did not you know well I mean uh well uh well so so I mean write religious verses, however the ninth Guru, Guru Tegh Bahadur like like I mean um okay I mean I mean so I mean well did and the tenth Guru, Guru Gobind Singh included Guru Tegh Bahadur's writings into Guru Granth Sahib Ji.
He studied law in Cortland, New York, and was admitted to the bar in 1893.
Thus a tipping point may be passed without um like um well well um like okay I mean um any immediately obvious consequences, nor any acceleration of the warming process.
The scientific explanation for the incident, attested by Indian academics, was uh I mean well uh you know um like like so you know that the material was pulled up from the offering so I mean like I mean like um uh so okay I mean bowls by Hindu worshipper at a temple in south New Delhi made an offering of milk to a statue of Ganesha.
In fact few villagers would step out of their I mean so uh like uh uh I mean so so so houses. Apparantly, the leopard was so bold that it would I mean um well uh well you know okay okay I mean like bang down doors, leap through windows, or claw through the mud or thatch walls of huts.
Gene Cornish (born May 14th, 1945) is an original member so you know I mean okay well like I mean I mean so um of the popular' 60s blue - eyed soul band the Rascals.
Later, after Homer was told of his existence and sought out and so like so I mean I mean well I mean you know um uh found him; he lost his entire fortune and became so like um well uh um I mean uh uh like a homeless person when he unwisely asked Homer to design his new model car for him.
The princess later forgave him for taking her to you know uh well so uh so well okay you know so the dragon, but the memory of tying her to the uh you know you know okay okay you know um like so um stake, awaiting death with her eyes open and dry, um so um I mean um well you know well I mean well still sometimes disturbs his dreams... That she was rescued and survived only eases the horror a little.
The band's first album, 'Only the Dead you know like okay okay so uh I mean um uh like See the End of the War', was produced by Alex I mean well you know like you know you know I mean okay like you know Skolnick of Testament and was made available on March 9, 2010.
Gareth Craig Snell (born 1 January 1986) is a you know I mean okay uh uh okay okay uh so well British Labour Co-operative politician, who was elected the Member of I mean uh um so I mean well um uh like uh Parliament (MP) for Stoke - on - Trent Central okay so well uh uh well well uh so okay at the 2017 Stoke - on - Trent Central by - election.
The Ambashtha Community in India is spread thin into various states, and their easiest identification is by the last (surname) name.
Victor never knew his father and is anxious to obtain the you know uh I mean like you know I mean you know uh like like information from his mother but she never recognises him when he visits like um well like well like uh like like I mean and so he asks Denny to pose as him and ask her questions.
Immediately the insects and they're queen established a so okay um um you know you know like so like so nest in the mine, after this the insects began to abduct any nearby humans, presumably for food.
The path descends an incline to the River Ribble, well okay like so you know I mean um like so like where once a stationary steam engine hauled waggons up the hill.
After a number of preliminary meetings Payne Best and Stevens so you know um okay like so okay like okay like met with Major Walter Schellenberg of the Foreign Intelligence (Counter-Espionage), who was masquerading as a 'Hauptmann (Captain) Schämmel'.
Although Pinky and the Brain plan to okay uh well I mean I mean so uh um I mean um conquer the world, they do not show much; I mean I mean so well okay so uh um uh well in a Christmas special Pinky even wrote to Santa that Brain had the world's best interests at heart.
However the Liberals were suffering from heightened internal tensions, and well so uh um I mean um uh like I mean you know John Olsen had successfully challenged Dean Brown for the Liberal you know like um uh like okay I mean I mean I mean um leadership in 1996 and had been Premier of South Australia for around 12 months on election day.
By the time he was 18, he claimed he hag you know well I mean um um so you know so I mean you know year the second outing of Eight Women was far well uh so I mean I mean like you know I mean well uh more successful as it won the Hachette Prix du Quai des Orfevres for Best Play in 1961.
Hajj Nematollah (1871 -- February 28, 1919) was born um okay um like I mean so okay so I mean I mean in Jeyhounabad, Iran and is considered one of the greatest um okay uh so I mean okay um okay you know um leaders and mystics in Kurdish and Ahl - e Haqq history.
Curtis Moffat (1887 1949) was a pioneering abstract photographer, painter, uh so like like you know like um okay uh you know and is considered an iconic pivotal figure in Modernist interior design.
Lydia is a fictional character from the BBC okay I mean um well I mean so I mean um I mean like soap opera 'EastEnders', played by Marlaine Gordon between 1995 and 1996.
The is the only BMT Broadway service that does not stop I mean I mean so well okay well so I mean I mean like here, since it bypasses using the center express tracks on its way to / from its northern terminus at 57th Street.
At the start of the War of Spanish Succession so so well well you know like okay like you know okay Portugal had allied with France, as part of this treaty the French had guaranteed the Portuguese naval protection.
Nikolaos Doxaras (1710 - 1775) was a Greek painter, of the Heptanese School, born in the Ionian islands.
The village has four pubs, The popular, Miners Arms, like like uh I mean I mean uh so I mean you know okay The Horse and Jockey and the Robin Hood, two Working Men's you know okay well so you know okay uh so uh so Clubs one of which has been converted into a community centre called The Brig.
State Highway 1 crosses the Manawatu Plain, passing the city of so I mean uh you know so okay I mean um so you know Palmerston North about 20 km west of it, passing through well um um um so like um uh well like the town of Foxton, before reaching the end of the plain at the town of Levin.
The video caused Fujimori's remaining support to collapse, and immediately he announced so I mean so I mean well well so um I mean like the firing of Montesinos, dissolution of the intelligence service and new elections -- in which he would not run.
The program consisted of two orbiters and two landers okay so like like I mean like like you know I mean okay -- these were the first two spacecraft to successfully land on Mars.
Fairhaven is a small seaside town on the okay okay like I mean so like uh like well I mean south coast, bordering the Acushnet River to the west and Buzzards Bay to the south.
Among the competitors in the Juvenile was the highly regarded so like um I mean you know like like so so so California champion Bertrando, future Eclipse Award winner, who came into the like you know you know okay um like well well like okay Breeders' Cup having won the Grade I Norfolk Stakes and the Del Mar Futurity.
There are several amenities in the village such as the local um well you know like okay okay well um so you know GAA pitch and two pubs, and is home to renowned fiddle player Connie O'Connell.
Nick Holden (born 15 May 1987 in St. Albert, Alberta) okay I mean um well well I mean okay like uh well is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who made his debut I mean so uh um so uh uh I mean well um in the NHL with the Columbus Blue Jackets during the 2010 -- 11 NHL season.
All forms of English refer to U. S. Citizens like okay so so um uh well okay okay like as 'Americans', a term deriving from 'America'; in the English so uh like like well so so you know uh you know context, it came to refer to inhabitants of British North America, and then the United States.
Pope Innocent I even agreed to it, provided they be done in okay so like like you know okay um so um you know private, but the pagan priests said it could only be done publicly in the Roman forum, and the idea was abandoned.
Stanley Walter Pawloski (born September 6, 1931 in Wanamie, Pennsylvania) um okay okay you know so well okay like um okay is an American former Major League Baseball second baseman who okay I mean you know I mean okay uh like so uh uh played in two games for the Cleveland Indians during the 1955 Cleveland Indians season.
Stan, Francine and Hayley find themselves in the goo, and I mean um I mean uh so uh I mean okay well um Francine blames Stan, until they realize that 'Steve', you know uh well so um like uh well well um who was missing, put them in the goo as, well um like okay uh um like um like like like Stan, he wanted time away from the rest of the family.
It was established in 1858 by the Spanish uh I mean uh like so like okay you know uh well colonial authorities as the Jardín Botánico, which has been claimed so um so well like you know you know I mean so well as Asia's first botanical garden, although it was predated by others such as the Acharya Jagadish Chandra Bose Indian Botanic Garden.
Men's sports include basketball, cross country, golf, soccer and okay I mean you know I mean so uh so well like uh track & field; while women's sports include basketball, cross country, golf, soccer, track & field and volleyball.
Danzig defeated Justin Buchholz on February 6, 2010, I mean so um you know I mean um uh you know you know well at UFC 109 by unanimous decision with all three judges um you know uh you know so you know well okay okay okay scoring it 29 -- 28 for Danzig, snapping his three - fight losing streak.
During the 90s, LaCazio sang occasional backup for artists from you know you know like well you know like okay uh you know you know Corey Hart to Purple Mountain Matinee and made an album, 'Eat Life', that was released June 23rd, 2009.
Ian Wallace (born September 29, 1946 in Bury, England, died well so um uh you know uh okay okay well I mean February 22, 2007 in Los Angeles) was a like well uh okay I mean um uh okay um like rock drummer and session musician, best known as a like well so like you know like I mean I mean like I mean member of progressive rock group King Crimson from 1971 - 1972.
The Panthers went 1 - 15, winning only their opener, thus setting well well well um uh uh okay okay well I mean the record for most consecutive losses during a single okay um um you know well so like you know I mean uh season in NFL history, which has since been broken by the 2008 Detroit Lions.
The Georgetown University School of Nursing and Health I mean you know you know like um so uh you know like you know Studies (NHS) has, since its founding in 1903, been well uh um so well well I mean okay um uh at the forefront of education in the health care field, offering many programs unique to America's elite institutions.
Upon moving to New York City in I mean okay um I mean I mean you know you know you know like like 2004 from Nashville, Jim found a position at uh uh um I mean well I mean um um um uh Marvel Comics handling publicity and PR for publishing while managing press and panels at conventions.
The six aircraft crew were Spanish employees of Airbus Defence so so um you know you know like well uh uh uh and Space, four of them were killed and two were seriously injured.
Art and Industry', coauthored with Joseph Anderson, which gave the first English language account of Japanese film.
Joshua Givens, an interpreter, was widely suspected of well um uh you know um you know well uh um you know being dishonest, and was accused of forcing some to sign uh um well well you know well well well like uh and tricking others into thinking they were signing against the agreement.
It may receive government funds, however, it's board must be independent.
It is the 'Home Of The Lloyd Loom,' a reference to wicker furniture maker Lloyd / Flanders.
Since the vehicles are battery powered, there's no need for well well um okay um like like you know uh you know electrification along the track, instead the vehicles recharge when parked at the stations.
The earthquake originated in the Southern Appalachian Seismic Zone so you know so well like well um you know uh like (SASZ), among the most active seismic areas in the so um like I mean like uh uh so you know you know Southeastern United States and one capable of producing moderately strong earthquakes, a few of which cause damage.
Carl - Heinz Birnbacher (26 May 1910 in Villach -- um like so like uh uh I mean uh well I mean 5 December 1991) was a German naval officer during um I mean well uh I mean um well you know I mean well World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross of Nazi Germany.
Graham Upton (born 30 April 1944) was the Vice-Chancellor of Oxford Brookes University, from September 1997 to August 2007.
In an interview with 'Billboard', Ameriie discussed two album tracks, 'Sodom you know okay uh um well okay okay like I mean you know & G' and 'Run for Cover': '(' Run for Cover' is ) kind of like a metaphor (for) self suppression.
A lyric video was released on February 1, 2017, I mean um like you know I mean um like so uh um featuring Grande in an oversized down jacket dancing and singing in front of a row of spotlights.
He landed to claim it as salvage, having detected well um so well um so well well I mean so no life - signs aboard, but replies well so so I mean so uh uh I mean uh okay that 'the crew objected', even though there was nothing alive on the planet.
Eventually she decided to go to Europe where she spent a well um well so okay uh like okay you know you know number of months studying with Sara Charles - Cahier before launching a highly successful European singing tour.
In the 2001 Singapore General Election, Chee led another team so you know uh you know uh so okay I mean so you know that lost, garnering only 20. 2 % of the votes in Jurong GRC in 2001.
He resigned from his seat on the so so like you know I mean you know uh okay um um council in 1801 due to poor health and died uh like okay okay uh like like I mean like okay at Round Hill three years later at the age of 57.
Ben Finney built a 40 - foot replica of a like you know so like uh okay um so well well Hawaiian double canoe 'Nalehia' and tested it in a series of sailing and paddling experiments in Hawaiian waters.
NC - IUPHAR acts as the scientific advisory um like well you know uh you know well like so so and editorial board for the database and its network you know I mean you know you know um uh you know I mean like you know of over 700 specialist advisors (organised into ~ 60 subcommittees) contribute expertise and data.
The largest building in this hamlet is Monkton Wyld you know uh like um so uh you know well well uh Court, a Victoria Gothic pile with terraced south facing lawns, you know you know uh uh I mean you know uh I mean uh I mean a dairy farm and an organic walled kitchen garden.
Ringside seats were $ 150, each man was guaranteed 2 so like um you know you know well I mean I mean so well. 5 million dollars, in addition to the millions who watched on so I mean okay okay uh okay I mean um you know okay closed - circuit screens around the world the Garden was you know okay you know um well okay uh well I mean so packed with a sellout crowd of 20, 455 that provided a gate of $ 1. 5 million.
The senior male team for Kenya won their 22nd team um I mean so like like so I mean uh well well title in 24 years despite the fact that no senior male um I mean like I mean um like I mean um uh well runner from Kenya has won an individual title since 1999.
Echomimetic is an adjective that is best explained in so like well like um like um um you know okay English by the term onomatopoeic, i. E. Derived well um so so I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean okay from onomatopoeia as the latter noun is used in philology okay so like okay like I mean I mean okay so I mean and literature and in the explanation of the origin of words in dictionaries.
Ono - i - Lau is a volcanic and coral island in Fiji's Lau archipelago.
Later, he settled down in Conakry; the Sandervalia district of the city is named after him.
The western terminus of I - 184 is with I - um like like okay so uh I mean so you know uh 84; the eastern terminus 13th Street in downtown Boise, where so well you know I mean uh well I mean um so uh I - 184 empties eastbound traffic onto Myrtle Street and receives westbound traffic from Front Street.
However, after getting hopelessly lost he returns to uh you know um um um well well so so so his home town and, not wanting to go home, visits his old basketball coach, Marty Tothero.
WarGrowlmon is a fictional character from the Digimon franchise, a Cyborg - type Digimon, the Ultimate form of Guilmon.
The Alcatel brand was licensed by Alcatel - Lucent like so you know um um you know you know like like um to TCL for mobile phones and devices and this license expires at the end of 2024.
Golo Mann (March 27, 1909 - April 7, 1994 Leverkusen) was the third child of novelist Thomas Mann.
There are currently five houses in the school, I mean I mean you know you know okay okay like um so you know corresponding to the five forms of entry, And there is a sixth house, called Datchelor, which will be introduced in September 2014.
The American anthropologist Clifford Geertz published his most famous work, like like I mean well well you know um um so okay ', in which he argued that the cockfight served so I mean uh uh well you know so um okay uh as a pastiche of wider Balinese society from which judgments about other aspects of the culture could be drawn.
Mike Bezos worked his way through the University well well well so um okay um so well okay of New Mexico; married Jacklyn; and adopted uh okay like so well well um okay uh like 4 - year - old Jeff Jorgensen, whose surname was then changed to Bezos.
He still appears on 'Around the Horn' and recently began writing a column for AOL Sports.
While the Gonarch is not encountered in 'Half - Life I mean well you know okay well I mean uh okay like so 2', an amputated part of it exists as an unused um you know I mean uh you know well um okay you know well model a file in the leak version of 'Half - Life 2'.
Martha Tracy (April 10, 1876 - 1942) became the first like you know uh like well uh you know you know so uh professor of preventive medicine of the Woman's Medical College you know uh so okay I mean well so so well I mean of Pennsylvania (WMC), and served as its Dean from 1917 to 1940 during the Great Depression.
Megan Paige (Dushku) is an investigator for the Rochester well okay you know so uh you know um uh you know okay Police Department who is assigned to investigate the I mean you know like like so you know well you know like um murder of a young girl named Carla Castillo, whose body I mean well like I mean like so you know you know like um is found in the nearby village of Churchville with some white cat hair on it.
Philip tells the archdeacon Waleran and travels to Kingsbridge well so so so okay you know I mean I mean you know um Priory where he is made prior there in a deal with Waleran, who becomes bishop.
Season four featured a version called Doc well uh uh uh well like so um I mean like Ock Holliday who lived in a Western dimension did okay um uh you know I mean like okay okay like uh away with the Sheriff and took over as Sheriff; what okay uh uh so so you know I mean like you know I mean nobody knows is that Doc Ock Holliday actually brainwashed the Sheriff into being the Phantom Rider.
This let the palace restored by Annibale Lippi, who possibly gave to the facade its definive shape.
In 2001, depressed by the failure of his drug uh like you know I mean well uh um you know well I mean rehabilitation program and after finding out that he well uh um so uh you know okay I mean okay uh had only a few months left to live, um um uh you know um well well like so uh he committed suicide on 11 July by jumping from the roof of the Amsterdam Hilton Hotel at the age of 54.
Unlike most other neurotransmitters that only transmit information from a you know like you know so you know I mean well so you know so presynaptic to a postsynaptic neuron, the small nitric oxide uh you know I mean uh uh like like like okay I mean molecule can diffuse all over and can thereby act on so um I mean I mean okay I mean um you know um I mean several nearby neurons, even on those not connected by a synapse.
The radar range was still low (27 km was quite well you know so like uh um okay uh like okay normal for a fighter - sized target) and the loss rate uh uh um I mean you know uh um um uh okay remained high, with peaks in 1973 and 1975 (ten F - 104s of all versions lost).
It reappears in Battle of the Labyrinth and okay okay okay you know so you know um you know so okay The Last Olympian, but as a small part in his life.
The system continued to drift westwards and strengthened rapidly, that I mean well uh well like you know so I mean uh I mean on midnight, that day, the JMA furhter upgraded the system into a Tropical Storm, naming it Nock - Ten.
Otak - otak is made by mixing fish paste you know uh well well so well well you know uh you know (usually mackerel) with a mixture of spices including chillies, garlic, shallots, turmeric, lemon grass and coconut milk.
Following this Harrington won the 2006 European Tour Order of Merit, well okay well well uh like like okay you know okay Ccoming after a titanic battle with Paul Casey um uh I mean like like well like you know um um and David Howell, which was won on the last hole of the last event.
A Holiday Collection' was released in 2008, a duo album featuring two original compositions by pianist / co-producer Matt Treder.
The Traverse City Junior High was built in the 1980s for well well I mean so you know like well uh so so grades 7th - 9th which became Traverse City West Junior High.
The ground level of the station is occupied okay um um you know I mean okay I mean like like so by several bus lanes of the Jalan Sultan Mohamed okay okay so okay um I mean uh uh okay well bus hub, where there is also a Rapid Bus Customer Service Office.
On February 22, 2016, the series was picked up for like well I mean um uh well I mean well um so an eight episode first season which began filming in June 2016 in Atlanta.
Snekkersten is a small borough of Helsingør Commune located 4 km. South of central Helsingør, Denmark.
The platforms saw another innovation: platform edge doors, to improve airflow I mean I mean um like well you know okay uh um well and prevent people from jumping or falling onto the line.
Romania, from 1939 to 1944, was an ally of uh um um like so you know like so okay um Nazi Germany during World War II, and echoed its anti-Semitic policies.
It is located in the growing south side of the uh so well uh okay like so okay okay you know city, at the southwest corner of the busiest intersection in um okay okay like so um you know uh uh you know Abilene at Buffalo Gap Road and US 83/84 (Winters Freeway).
The idea was that on reaching canal, wall or other obstacle uh I mean so like so so well uh okay you know the tank would stop and the rockets fired causing um okay okay like um like you know I mean you know um the ramps to unfold and be thrown over the obstacle.
The Nature Center was built on 18. 3 of 22 you know like so so I mean you know I mean I mean um you know acres that was split off the Simpsonville Mill property okay I mean well I mean you know so well okay uh okay by the Simpsons in 1891 and sold to Sophia okay uh uh so like I mean like you know I mean um Stern; it was later purchased by James and Anne Robinson in 1957.
It eats leaves, herbs, twigs and green plants like clover and in the winter it may eat bark.
As a result of this strengthening industrial manufacturing and services were uh um uh okay I mean you know uh you know you know well crowded out and became non-competitive on world markets, a phenomenon that is often referred to in economics literature as Dutch disease.
Soon after arriving the village, he meets his old well well um well like well okay I mean I mean okay friend Vasu (Ali), Vasu warns ranga to leave the uh like so um uh okay um I mean you know I mean place and forget about his land revealing the danger about that place.
The transferred wear debris and created lumps penetrate the so I mean okay um well well uh you know well I mean opposing oxide surface layer and cause damage to the underlying okay well like okay um like so um I mean you know bulk material, allowing continuous plastic deformation, plastic flow, and accumulation of energy and temperature.
IMDb In the early 1990s, Frederik van Pallandt settled like like uh well you know like uh uh um um in the Philippines where he and his Filipino girlfriend, Susannah, were shot dead in 1994.
A crook is also a slang term for a criminal okay like you know well okay you know well you know uh so or a person of questionable morality; the adjective crooked can refer to such persons or actions.
Nisbet married Isabella Frances Fairweather in 1875 and died in um like like like okay um uh okay you know you know London on 1 April 1899, following a longer term lung infection, and was survived by his wife and two children.
The Big Mound Key - Boggess Ridge Archeological so you know okay you know I mean you know uh well um okay District is a U. S. National Historic Landmark (designated as okay um you know okay well I mean okay I mean okay like such on December 3, 1990) located southeast of Placida, Florida, on Big Mound Key.
Most Filipinos own firearms for self - protection and target - shooting, which require licenses.
The main objective of the game is to okay uh well I mean so you know um so you know okay prevent balloons, known in - game as 'bloons,' so uh I mean um you know uh okay I mean um um from reaching the end of a defined track on a playing well uh I mean I mean well um so okay uh I mean field which consists of one or more entrances and exits for the bloons.
The playing surface was often described as being um um uh uh like okay well okay I mean I mean rocky or sandy and the football team found it difficult uh um like uh I mean you know so um I mean well to schedule home games as opposing teams did not want to play on the surface.
The bakery's malasadas were Foodspotting's top 'Hawaii food find', and well you know well I mean um uh so like well okay 'USA Today' described the doughnuts as having become 'a Hawaiian icon'.
Before the invasion Louis William recruited Serb rebels all over uh I mean like I mean you know okay okay so you know like Serbia, whose infantry units were called 'hayduks' while cavalry units of Serb rebels were called 'Serbian husars'.
Katsuya huddles into a corner with fear and the shadow of something descending from the ceiling is cast on him.
Julia Child and Paul Child in the OSS '(NY: okay uh uh like okay well well so uh you know Simon & Schuster, 2011), 241 DuBois and Taylor,' her companion, uh I mean like I mean okay so well so okay like 'according to her Harvard Library biographer,' enjoyed an active social life' in the 1970s.
Passages are currently followed by a single prompt, though in I mean so you know well uh well um like like okay older tests (pre- 2007), a few questions were followed by two prompts.
Ibn Rassam is widely known to have invented the techniques you know you know uh uh you know okay um I mean okay well through which he obtained copper from varieties of malachite, he also ascertained indigo by heating various substances.
Disturbance of Botum Sakor National Park is extremely well so well you know I mean okay um I mean you know okay high, with an estimated 229 km² of evergreen forest you know like uh um um well well okay like I mean lost in the years 1997 - 2002 through illegal logging (~ 30 km² / year).
Hayes was married with four children and resided in Sydney's Eastern Suburbs.
The rest of his family also left Shanghai soon afterwards: you know so uh like um like well well uh so his two younger siblings left for the UK in 1946, and his mother remarried and moved to Malaysia.
He played college football at the University of Miami you know I mean like like uh like so you know okay you know and is the cousin of Brian Rolle of the Philadelphia Eagles.
The church was built of granite, faced with Dutch bricks and you know so uh um well like like well so so adorned with 18 iron - trimmed Palladian windows placed so you know well I mean so I mean um well uh you know between buttressing supports and an ornate arched entry door with iron fittings.
Gavin Esler is currently one of the three main presenters on I mean okay uh you know I mean uh uh so um I mean BBC 2's flagship political analysis programme, Newsnighthe joined the like so okay you know you know uh um okay well well programme in January 2003; he replaced Jeremy Vinewho took over from veteran Radio 2 presenter Jimmy Young.
McLean and Hirsch continued to share starts in 1996 -- 97, as so I mean I mean I mean I mean so you know um uh uh McLean appeared in 44 games with a okay so um um like um I mean um well you know 21 - 18 - 3 record and 3. 21 GAA.
The vinyl EP was released with six tracks, and released so so I mean I mean I mean well like um well you know on cassette in 1986 with additional tracks expanding the release to a full - length album.
She tells him that the IRA tried and convicted him in you know um um okay well um well I mean okay uh absentia, and she forces him to agree to help with a new mission to aid in assassinating a judge.
He has led the Democratic Forum for Labour and Liberties I mean like I mean um I mean you know I mean you know uh uh (FDTL), a political party, since 1994, and he briefly held I mean uh so uh uh um so okay well like the post of Minister of Health in January 2011 as part of an interim government.
The band recorded a further two albums, 'Get Behind um like like okay um you know like well well uh Me Satan' in 2005 and 'Icky Thump' in 2007 uh you know you know uh you know uh well I mean you know you know before announcing their split in 2011 after a lengthy hiatus from performing and recording.
As the deadline for 2009 registration passed, Torpedo Moscow okay uh well you know I mean so okay okay I mean you know was not reinstated in the Second Division and they played uh you know so I mean okay I mean like you know uh I mean in the amateur Third division, yet eventually they managed I mean um like I mean okay so you know so uh um to reach the First Division after 2 consecutive promotions.
Developmental events that have seemed to serve no useful well like well so you know okay you know like um so function can now be seen to be carrying okay I mean okay I mean um well I mean well you know like out these latter two evolutionary functions and can lead us um you know well um I mean I mean uh um okay well to ask new kinds of questions about how development uh like okay well uh um like you know like um works, as well as how it may function in evolution.
The technique was developed by Guillaume Corpart Muller in 2007 you know so uh okay um you know you know uh I mean like Reforma, Sept 6, 2009, Mexico Canal 11, Once Noticias, Sept 1, like uh uh okay um uh like so like you know 2009, Mexico and later evolved to be applied to other daytime and evening settings such as lucha libre and sea creatures.
Debuting in 1989/90, the right handed batsman has made over well you know like I mean well you know like so I mean okay 8000 runs in his career yet has failed to catch the uh well you know well so well you know uh uh like eyes of the national selectors, although he has represented the Rest of Pakistan.
Sculptron was the first electronic sculpture in Australia (Patrick McCaughey, you know I mean okay I mean so so I mean um uh you know The Age 11 July 1967) and was designed with engineering assistance by Tim Berriman.
The second tube was in lifted into place 7 January well so so okay okay um um well okay you know 1850, a single line was open to public traffic like um um okay you know well uh uh you know so through these tubes 18 March 1850, and the second line was open 19 October.
Before he auditioned for 'The X Factor', Callahan was part I mean um okay like uh so uh like you know so of various bands until deciding to go solo so like um um like well so okay well you know in 2012, releasing his debut single 'Runaway Train' in December 2012.
The inaugural Principal was Mr Reidal who managaed the I mean like like you know um so you know you know well uh school from 1953 to 1956, the next principal was Bill Walker who served from 1957 to 1959.
They named this new partnership 'Batlló i Batlló', which had several labour problems and lasted until 1889.
Cedar Bay is a national park in Queensland, Australia, northwest well uh um okay so um well okay well uh of Brisbane, south of Cooktown and accessible only by boat or foot.
The soccer team is class D in the Maine I mean like you know like well I mean I mean I mean like so Principals Association, the 2015 team went 2 - like um like well like um uh okay you know like 8, with wins against High - View Christian Academy and Temple Academy.
Some have criticized the game for not allowing the um um I mean so okay uh um I mean I mean um player to actually control Poirot; the developers explained this uh um uh um well I mean okay okay I mean uh choice by saying that adventure gamers who make you know um like okay like um so you know so well mistakes throughout the game do not reflect the genius of Poirot, whereas amateur sleuth Antoinette Marceau does.
Episodes in which Kimber is the main focus often you know um well uh you know um you know um okay you know involve romance and rebellion, such as her jealously towards the media attention that Jem gets.
Semi-permanent hair color has smaller molecules than temporary dyes, and is therefore able to partially penetrate the hair shaft.
Dragomoshchenko fused elements of poetry, essay, philosophy, journalism um so so okay so well I mean like I mean like and fictional prose, and' explores the way our perceived and conceptual worlds are constructed through language.
In the 1930s French archaeologist Ghrshman, doing excavations in um like okay okay like like uh um so you know Bagram, found Egyptian and Syrian glassware, bronze statuettes, bowls uh like well so well well okay well you know uh and other objects including statues, this being an you know uh you know um so like okay um like you know indication that Alexander's conquests have opened India to imports from the west.
She was active in the NAACP, and she attended uh I mean um um uh you know uh well well uh the association's annual conference every year with the Oklahoma City Youth Council.
Sokolov, defender at FK Karabakh claims to be innocent, however okay you know I mean so um okay um well okay like he did not cooperate for a B - test.
It appeared on 'Album of the Year' lists okay like well like uh you know uh okay you know um of seven different publications, as well as a 'Top 66 Albums of 2000 - 2006' list.
An ethnic group is a group of people whose um I mean well uh okay I mean uh well like you know members identify with each other through a common heritage, so okay I mean well I mean so so you know uh I mean consisting of a common culture, including a shared language or dialect.
In 1978 the group broke up and Joëlle signed with Barclay Records.
Ichiro Suzuki holds the most franchise records as of uh you know I mean okay you know well like um uh okay the end of the 2010 season, with ten, including like so you know okay um you know uh like well so best single - season batting average, most career hits, and most career triples.
Muslim Television Ahmadiyya (MTA) is watched by millions of you know well well um so um I mean uh well you know people in five continents, every Friday Hadhrat Khlifat - so um well okay you know okay so well like well al - Masih delivers an inspiring sermon that is watched all over the globe.
After returning to normal his chest did not fully well you know like like so uh I mean I mean so uh recover and some parts of it remained icy, he was unable like okay so um so um like so okay well to return them to normal, he became afraid of so um so like okay you know okay I mean well like it and it made him gain a new attitude in life, even rude at some times.
In 1970 the name changed to 'Witthüser & Westrupp' and was active until 1973.
Normal three - dimensional crystals have a repeating pattern you know like uh so okay so like well you know uh in space, but remain unchanged with respect to time; time crystals okay like I mean I mean uh um I mean um uh okay repeat themselves in time as well, leading the crystal to change from moment to moment.
After a conviction, convicts often become sentences often are not termed 'convicts'.
He is an accomplished scholar in strategy and entrepreneurship uh um I mean uh um so well like like I mean with numerous academic papers and is probably best known you know like uh I mean I mean so um you know well okay for his widely cited co-authored paper on absorptive capacity of firms S. Zahra and G. George.
Paul Hinman (born 1959 in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada) is like so um you know well uh so uh well okay a Canadian politician, currently the leader of the Wildrose Alliance.
The 1972 -- 73 season saw two new clubs uh okay you know you know well I mean I mean I mean you know okay in the league, VfB Oldenburg and SV Meppen, I mean I mean okay uh I mean um you know you know like like both promoted from the Amateurliga, while no club had been relegated from the Bundesliga to the league.
Michael Jackson attempted to use the brand 'Dangerous' on items okay okay I mean so okay well like so like okay of clothing for his 'Dangerous' tour but was unsuccessful in uh okay I mean you know like um so okay well I mean doing so and through his company, Triumph International, attempted to reach a resolution with Quist.
On the evening hours on 15 September 2013, Harris well uh I mean I mean so uh like uh uh uh Academy's former Perth Road building was lit on fire, a few classrooms on the first and middle floor suffered.
In 1914 he was awarded the Polar Medal I mean I mean like um you know well I mean well you know like for his work on the expedition, and the Hannam Islands are named after him.
André Aciman (born 2 January 1951) is an okay I mean I mean uh like okay like you know so uh Egyptian - born writer, currently distinguished professor at the okay uh I mean like uh uh I mean um uh well Graduate Center of City University of New York, where he I mean I mean well well okay like okay okay like okay teaches the history of literary theory and the works of Marcel Proust.
Fogle was born in Indianapolis, Indiana, and raised in a Jewish home.
Hudgins is an elected member of the Fellowship of like well so well like um I mean uh I mean okay Southern Writers, a frequent Sewanee Writers' Conference faculty member, okay you know so like like so so well um um and Humanities Distinguished Professor of English at Ohio State University.
During this time, Madara takes Obito Uchiha as his student and uh well you know okay so like okay well okay so transplantes his Rinnegan into Nagato to be preserved for his eventual revival years later.
The pwd command (print working directory) is used to print the okay okay so well well um well well um I mean name of current working directory, if the shell prompt does well well you know I mean uh you know I mean uh you know so not show this, the user can find their place in the directory tree.
According to the C++ specification, it returns a reference I mean like okay well um so well uh um uh to typeinfo, however, many compilers will not let you assign you know like like well um uh okay okay um um thsi return value to a local variable, as the constructor for typeinfo is private.
The AdSense name was originally used by Applied Semantics, a uh I mean um so okay um um uh like okay competitive offering to AdSense and then adopted by Google after Google acquired Applied Semantics in April 2003.
This Sitio is the largest community of Bagong Silangan that has a separate feast day and patron celebration.
In some cultures, especially in Africa, the letters RSVP, instead um like uh like so you know uh like uh I mean of standing for regrets' répondez s'il vous plaît', are I mean uh okay so um well well well you know uh there to reassure the invitee that there would be so you know so okay well well so like you know okay plenty of food and the event would not be a 'dry one'.
In the Khyber - Pakhtunkhwa, 'tehsil' has the well so like um you know I mean you know I mean you know uh same meaning as explained above except in Malakand Division, where you know like uh um okay I mean um you know okay you know a district ( 'zila / Zilah' ) has two you know well I mean so I mean well uh you know like so or more subdivisions and a subdivision has two or more 'tehsils'.
The Association for the Protection of the Lebanese Heritage (APLH), okay well like you know you know well um so um uh is an initiative launched by young Lebanese artists / intellectuals um okay okay okay like so I mean I mean um um back in march 2010 on Facebook under the name 'stop destroying your heritage!', created by Pascale Ingea.
The route was originally designated by 1933 between Stamford and Hamlin, with a proposed extension southwest to Longworth.
Thomas McElwee (30 November 1957 - 8 August 1981) was so like okay like um uh so um okay well an Irish republican hunger striker and a volunteer in the Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) from Bellaghy, County Londonderry, Northern Ireland.
On the May 23 episode of 'Raw', Jericho I mean like um so uh I mean um uh well like defeated Apollo Crews to qualify for the Money in um uh I mean well you know well I mean I mean uh I mean the Bank ladder match at the Money in the so like well I mean um um you know well uh like Bank pay - per - view, where Jericho was okay like I mean um uh so so you know you know I mean unsuccessful as the match was won by Dean Ambrose.
New York emerged from the war as the leading city so I mean so like well I mean so uh so you know of the world, with Wall Street leading America's ascendancy and, in so um uh like um like okay so so I mean 1951, the United Nations relocated from its first headquarters in Flushing Meadows Park, Queens, to the East Side of Manhattan.
Independents candidate contest to seek election on I mean you know uh you know you know you know okay I mean you know well the basis of their personal appeal and also those candidates uh um I mean um well okay I mean well you know well who are sidelined by party political rivals within party but I mean so uh uh I mean well so so like okay confident to make it or have motive to not allowing other candidates to get elected.
I was born in Singapore on 24 December 1996, like like I mean um so I mean I mean um um you know currently i'm still in secondary school and i am interested in editing articles on Taiwanese dramas and Kpop.
Romanians have one, two or more given names, e. G okay uh okay um I mean so you know um uh well. Ana Cristina Maria (three given names), all being chosen by the child's parents.
The viaduct, which would require substantial demolition of high - um well like uh like like well well you know well rise buildings within Midtown Manhattan, would be situated ten stories above the most valuable real estate in the world.
Emelianenko's next fight was at, where he suffered his first loss in 10 years to Fabricio Werdum via submission.
Mount was born in Leigh - on - Sea, Essex uh I mean um uh okay okay I mean okay so okay and her love of acting began with the dramatic society well you know okay you know uh uh so you know um um of the Wesleyan chapel which she attended in Essex.
She is also the girlfriend of Moose Mason, although Reggie Mantle is also known to be in love with her.
Changes in mass balance control a glacier's long term behavior and is the most sensitive climate indicator on a glacier.
His quest to find her will lead him to new so okay I mean I mean uh well so uh like okay allies and a startling revelation about the Mogadorians' plan you know well I mean I mean well you know like um so you know for invasion. , but its planned release date is April 15, 2014 exclusively as an e-Book.
He is also uncle to Daniel Urlich, son of Paula and John, and nephew of Michael.
Video Research Ltd. Is one of the more reliable firms, okay so like well so well I mean like you know you know and more television networks, advertisers, and Japanese drama fans use the numbers from this firm than any other.
USS 'Thuban' (AKA - 19/LKA - 19) was an of the United I mean um okay I mean so like uh okay so you know States Navy, named after 'Thuban', the primary star in the you know like I mean you know well so uh okay you know well constellation Draco, which was at one time the pole star and important in ancient Egyptian religion.
Some years later, as the Dauphin is a boy, villagers throw um well I mean okay so well uh well um you know stones at Marie's carriage, and she is shocked at the intense dislike displayed by the people of France.
Bitnation provides open - source governance, which includes DIY so I mean you know um so okay okay I mean I mean well services, such as constitutions, secure ID / Reputation systems, dispute resolutions, security, insurance, marriages, notary service, and birth certifications.
In the Central American zone, all seven teams from the so well uh um okay you know I mean well well okay Central American Football Union (UNCAF) entered the qualifying competition, and so okay so you know well I mean I mean so um so they were divided into two groups, one with four teams and the other with three teams.
The Mendez family were Safartic Jews originating in Spain and rose too prominence during the Jewish expulsion of Spain.
In Bogota, Colombia, the Simon Bolivar park hosts like so like so um you know um um so well performances by various bands, such as Iron Maiden, Kiss and Aerosmith.
Maj. Gen. Bhuwan Chandra Khanduri, AVSM (Retd), also known like you know you know um well so so well like okay as Bhuvan Chandra Khanduri or B. C. Khanduri, (born 1 you know okay you know you know like like so like uh uh October, 1934) is a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India.
At the sight Madame almost faints, Constance thanks the like well I mean okay like I mean you know well you know like Man in Grey for being considerate and he leaves her with her mother, taking the box and papers with him.
H2S performed its first experimental flight on 23 April you know like well you know well so like I mean well well 1942, with the radar mounted in a Halifax bomber, okay you know okay I mean well uh so um you know okay the scanning unit installed in the aircraft's belly using I mean I mean well okay so well you know okay so uh the position previously occupied by the mid-under turret, which was by that time seldom installed.
He was also a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon Fraternity He like uh I mean so I mean well so you know you know like persuaded UNC to build the stadium as a memorial to his parents, William R. Kenan and Mary Hargrave Kenan.
The Entente foreign ministers proposed Ankara to establish an like uh uh like okay so you know so uh so Armenian state in eastern Anatolia, removing Turkish troops from you know I mean uh um so so you know I mean uh okay the Straits area, Turkish abandonment to the Greeks of Smyrna and eastern Thrace, including Adrianople.
Sea Studios 'Strange Days on Planet Earth initiative you know so so so so you know uh okay well like is an ongoing partnership with the National Geographic Society like um okay I mean well so I mean you know so so to bring focus on our personal connection to the planet's life systems.
Fell's Cave was discovered by Junius Bird because of uh you know so you know well okay okay uh um like the arrow points and flakes that were found on the surface.
After retiring from playing, McClaren began his coaching career as uh like I mean like you know like okay uh I mean like a youth and reserve team coach at Oxford United, where Denis Smith was manager.
Konishi Yukinaga ( 小西 行長 'Konishi Yukinaga', died November 6, you know well um like well okay uh you know I mean okay 1600 ) was a Japanese Kirishitan (Christian) general who uh so uh like okay you know uh okay I mean like was the main general who attempted to invade Korea in the Seven - Year War.
The mucuchies dog is a very affectionate, intelligent, and active breed.
Cardiff is the capital and largest city in Wales, um so well uh you know well like um I mean well situated in the highly urbanised area of South East Wales, whose metropolitan area has a population of 1, 097, 000.
The Brock Independent School District serve is their most famous Alumni.
Today, it is used for concerts by many inspirational well uh well you know so uh so um you know I mean bands and artits such as Cat Power, Dirty Three, so uh okay so well um you know so I mean I mean Batrider and the Yeah Yeah Yeahs, and as a venue for the annual Melbourne International Film Festival.
He tells Kohta about his fate for the next month um uh uh um I mean I mean uh you know so well with a blush on his face, but was like you know okay okay so well um I mean uh um reduced to a homeless bum since he used all of his power alone to seal the Queen.
He entered the Church and held a number of uh like uh uh okay well well I mean you know well posts in Lincolnshire and undertook diplomatic missions on the like well uh you know uh okay I mean um okay well Continent for King Henry V. In 1429, he was elected Bishop of Chichester, but the position was given to Simon Sydenham instead.
Grape - Nuts is a breakfast cereal developed in 1897 like uh you know okay well you know I mean well you know I mean by C. W. Post, a patient and later competitor of the 19th - century breakfast food innovator, Dr. John Harvey Kellogg.
Desprez is also known as a designer and maker so well so uh uh okay I mean you know well so of embroidery for purses, a 'Maistre Boursier,' and was recorded working in Paris between 1556 and 1580.
Volvo launched the V40 Cross Country in India in June 2013, and is priced at Rs. 28. 5 lakh.
The Amphictyonic League gradually declined and in the 2nd century um um I mean like I mean I mean I mean so well uh A. D. It was replaced by the Panhellenion, established so okay uh you know so you know um well you know well by the Roman emperor Hadrian, the see of which was, hoowever, in Athens, the emperor's favourite city.
Zane is a member of the general partner of Armada uh uh well okay I mean so so okay you know uh Enterprises LP, which has various investments in media & entertainment, energy, real estate, maritime, and aerospace.
They do this in order to bail their friend Kenny you know so like you know okay uh so okay I mean I mean out of jail for $ 100, 000 after he um so like I mean uh okay like I mean you know you know accidentally kills Buttercup, a diabetic police horse, by feeding it junk food.
The music atmosphere of the 1970s was heavily influenced by its like so like well um um so so uh so success and sexual content, as its sexual - well so okay well like I mean okay you know you know um explicitness bended creative barriers in the music industry and led well you know so I mean I mean you know you know uh well you know to an increased popularity of sexual themes in music at the time.
In the opening weeks of the First World War I mean well like uh uh like like um well well the powerful radio transmitters using the tower were um like okay okay I mean um well um well like used to jam German communications, seriously hindering their advance on okay so I mean um I mean um you know um like um Paris and contributing to the Allied victory at the First Battle of the Marne.
Bath Stone has been used extensively as a building material uh you know you know uh okay you know okay you know okay um throughout southern England, for churches, houses, and public buildings such as railway stations.
Demerara is a region in South America that began as you know like um so so okay okay you know um you know a Dutch colony, then was captured by the so like uh well I mean uh uh okay uh so British in 1796 and was ceded to the UK in 1814.
Dr. Abdul Ghaffar Javeri was the one of Doctor who I mean uh you know okay well okay I mean well uh I mean also migrate to Karachi - Pakistan, his clinic was at ACHI QABAR, beside the Boulton Market.
AntarDhvani's music is an organic mix of elements from um you know um um so well uh okay um you know east and west, it has traces of western sound well I mean like I mean um well I mean uh so uh like Rock, Jazz, Blues as well as Indian sound ranging from Sargam, Alaap and Dhrupad based Tarana.
It was there that Taccone began his partnership with Tony uh okay uh I mean uh um okay so you know I mean Kushner, who he commissioned to write what Kushner so well so okay okay so so like well like thought would be a short chamber piece called 'Angels in America'.
The year 1886 is regarded as the birth year of uh okay like um like I mean I mean well like um the modern car, when German inventor Karl Benz built his Benz Patent - Motorwagen.
The area is also home to the first serious clash so so I mean uh um well I mean uh so well of arms between Māori and the British settlers after well like well like okay well so I mean uh well the signing of the Treaty of Waitangi, which occured in what is now the village of Tuamarina.
Garter compression springs act against forces from the center, you know you know um you know like I mean well like uh you know so they may be placed on the outside of a circular object to maintain the object's circular shape.
He was not a candidate for renomination in 1896 and engaged in farming and stock raising in Jones County.
The backbone of 'Spah' (middle - persian army) in the you know uh I mean well uh uh so you know okay um Sassanid era was their heavy armoured cavalry. These heavily armoured well okay I mean uh you know I mean okay uh um um cavalry were noblemen in which they underwent extensive exercises in well okay uh um well I mean uh well I mean I mean warfare and military manoeuvres through military training, gaining discipline and becoming truly elite soldiers.
Construction of field started 22 September; flying began, 15 December 1917.
According to the current Constitution, the President is elected direct popular election for a term of five years.
Alexander Henry Haliday was born at Clifden, Holywood, a small well okay okay like um you know you know um so I mean seaside town in County Down, Ireland on 21 November 1806, like like I mean okay so I mean you know um um you know the eldest child of Dr William Haliday (1763 - 1836) and Marion Webster.
While attending college, she had two serious boyfriends, I mean uh well like okay you know I mean okay like so but later stated that she was a virgin who had never taken IV drugs or received a blood transfusion.
Many parents felt pressured in community based programs so like I mean so you know I mean okay uh you know um to take responsibility and pull their kids out of like you know um well so you know okay I mean so uh the activity if anything went wrong, these kids were then looked well uh uh like well I mean uh I mean you know so at as jeopardizing the integrity of the program they were involved in.
Den agrees, and infiltrates the Queen's palace, but is promptly um well you know okay I mean uh you know well you know I mean caught by the Queen, who offers leniency if he has sex with her.
She began to paint before her first birthday, and her first you know like I mean you know like you know uh um um um solo exhibition opened in New York City in June 2011, when she was four years old.
He graduated from Provo High School in 1974, where his major interests were drama, music and Air Force JROTC.
At the very end of the Horus Heresy, half I mean um I mean well well so um so um like of the Legion rebelled against the Emperor under the command uh uh I mean um um well I mean uh like well of Luther, a high ranking commander and Lion's own foster father.
Grout is generally composed of a mixture of water, I mean you know uh uh uh um uh like well well cement, sand and fine gravel and sometimes color you know like like so I mean I mean like you know like okay tint which is applied as a thick liquid and hardens over time, much like mortar.
Do Bong - soon (Park Bo - young) is a well well well you know I mean like well well I mean like young pretty woman born with superhuman strength, she breaks everything she touches if she's not careful.
It caused three deaths, widespread power outages, and wind uh um well well um I mean well uh okay I mean damage and significant snowfall, primarily France and Germany, but also in the Benelux states, Austria and Switzerland.
Emilio Mario R. Osmeña also known as Lito Osmeña, is so um I mean uh uh um okay okay like um the founder and chairman of PROMDI Party (Progressive Movement for like you know well so okay okay well well uh like the Devolution of Initiatives) where he ran for so um uh you know uh well um um well so the position of President in the 1998 elections but lost to Joseph Estrada.
In 2005, the Pine Tree Conservation Society donated an adjacent to you know you know you know uh so I mean uh you know uh like the Gardens, thereby extending the area to and the waterfront to nearly.
One of the first Puerto Rican entertainers to achieve world - wide uh like uh well uh I mean well uh so I mean fame was Antonio Paoli, an opera singer, known as like like um okay I mean okay uh like um okay 'The King of Tenors' and as 'The Tenor of Kings'.
He is perennially under investigation by his superiors, but the so uh like okay like I mean um so um okay Machiavellian Mackey always eludes them; also, on uh well um uh uh well okay well well I mean occasions they turn a blind eye to his tactics when I mean well okay uh uh um so uh I mean okay they need him to crack a high - profile case.
The close of the Varaždin Touristic Season is brought okay uh I mean you know well well you know uh I mean okay down by the annual Špancir Festival which begins at the okay like you know like um um I mean uh so you know end of August and ends in September (lasts for 10 days).
Agassiz railway station in Agassiz, British Columbia, Canada, so uh okay well well I mean I mean I mean like so is served by Via Rail's The Canadian three times you know um okay you know uh well well like okay like per week as a flag stop (48 hours advance notice required).
Accommodation at the prison comprises a mixture of single and double accommodation uh uh uh I mean you know like uh I mean you know uh cells contained on 3 wings, and you know like like like uh um like I mean so like a further residential unit of single cell accommodation which so I mean uh I mean like well well like um okay is used as an Induction Unit for newly arrived prisoners.
After receiving his doctorate, he worked at the Berlin uh I mean like well I mean uh well well uh you know Charité, and subsequently became an assistant at the department like well I mean um I mean I mean like you know like well for the mentally ill under Wilhelm Griesinger (1817 - 1868) and Karl Wilhelm Ideler (1795 - 1860).
The Rialto Police Department currently has 143 employees; including 103 sworn you know okay okay like uh I mean okay okay like uh police officers and 40 civilian employees, servicing 28 square miles, with a population of 101, 910 (2013).
Eton Institute Ltd is an international language - learning you know I mean okay like okay um uh you know so um institute with a website service designed so that users can I mean so uh um um I mean like okay well uh learn languages online in an interactive mobile learning space or in a classroom setting.
His father was probably Roger Burnell, who died in about 1259, and um um you know well you know okay well you know okay um he had three brothers, two of whom died fighting uh I mean you know um okay so well um like I mean the Welsh (at the Battle of Moel - well well I mean well so well you know okay okay you know y - don) in 1282; the third, Hugh, died in 1286.
Her childhood was spent in luxury and splendor in the large I mean um you know okay well so um well uh well palaces and country estates owned by the Romanovs like the I mean well like you know like okay okay you know um uh Catherine and the Alexander palaces in Tsarskoye Selo and Peterhof, a large complex on the Gulf of Finland.
Chucky meets John Simonsen (Raymond Oliver) his voodoo okay uh well well I mean um uh uh well well instructor when he was younger, and asks why his gunshot wound bled, since he should not bleed.
Both are loosely based on the novel and similarly you know like um well like you know um like okay uh - named movies, 'The Swiss Family Robinson', and a comic like like you know um I mean you know I mean okay well uh series called 'Swiss Family Rollinson' did appear in the British comic 'Knockout' in 1954.
He hopes to accomplish this by discovering methods of solving um okay I mean um I mean so so okay okay okay 'thinking games': in his graduate work, he revealed solutions for Connect Four, Qubic, and Gomoku.
In a running gag in seasons 1 - 4, well you know okay well um okay you know so you know so Jackie freaked out when in crises, pacing while trying to like you know well I mean okay like I mean um like well figure out a solution, saying' Make room, I got ta pace!.
The publicity department at the studio suggested that Priscilla and Morris um well well um uh well I mean I mean well you know be seen together around town; they liked each other well uh well okay um well you know um I mean uh and did date for a period; however, Priscilla later said it was never serious on either side.
The following is a list of episodes of the 2009 like well well um well well so well well like - 2010 American sci - fi television series 'FlashForward', based on um so uh I mean um um you know you know so uh the 1999 novel 'Flashforward' by science fiction writer Robert J. Sawyer.
Seth Tuttle (born September 5, 1992) is an American you know so well you know okay I mean uh I mean well okay college basketball player who completed his All - American college career the University of Northern Iowa (UNI).
Dowell Loggains (born October 1, 1980) served as Offensive you know I mean well uh you know um okay so you know like Coordinator for the Tennessee Titans from 2012 - 2013 as a part of Mike Munchak coaching staff.
They are also considered great family pets because of their okay well well like so okay you know you know you know like high energy and compatibility with kids. They are very playful and they need very much excersise.
Flashlights used for extended periods every day may be more like uh um like um well I mean okay uh like economically operated on rechargeable (secondary) batteries. Fleshlights designed for rechargeable batteries like you know I mean okay you know um you know uh I mean um may allow charging without removing the batteries; well so I mean um well I mean well okay okay so for example, a light kept in a vehicle may be trickle - charged and always ready when needed.
Together with her childhood friend Zenkichi Hitoyoshi, Medaka uh um I mean so well um um okay you know okay addresses these requests in an episodic manner; during the course uh you know uh like uh so like you know um like of the story Kouki Akune and Mogana Kikaijima join the Student Council.
Matthew David Bates (born 10 December 1986) is an English okay I mean um I mean you know okay uh so like I mean professional football player and currently plays for Bristol City, I mean like um okay uh like you know so okay like on a short term deal, following the expiry of his contract at Middlesbrough on July 1, 2012.
Born the 15 of August of 1901 in the City well okay okay um uh um you know like so so of Penonomé, in the district of los Forasteros of the uh I mean well um uh so I mean you know okay uh community of San Juan, Province of Coclé, to one of the main families of the country.
He was one of 4 new loanee's that featured um uh you know like so I mean uh so um well in the 5 - 0 thumping over Hartlepool however Gary was awarded with the Sponsors Man of the Match.
Chopra was born in Jamshedpur to parents who were both physicians so well I mean like uh you know um okay um uh in the Indian Army, causing the family like I mean um um I mean well like okay well so to move frequently during her childhood, but she considers Bareilly her real home.
Moreover, at the time the city had few entertainment I mean so I mean so uh you know uh like um well and sports facilities, so the major demonstrated the interest to uh uh uh so uh I mean um you know uh okay establish a sports center to replace the original project of a zoo.
Initially escort carriers accompanied merchant ships and fended off like um uh uh well well I mean like okay um attacks from aircraft and submarines; later in the war, well I mean um like so you know well uh I mean well escort carriers were part of hunter - killer groups that sought I mean well I mean um okay well um okay um like out submarines instead of being attached to a particular convoy.
Benjamin, using his GI Bill benefits, went back to I mean okay um you know you know like I mean like uh you know school at Lake Washington Institute of Technology in um um um you know you know uh you know uh I mean well Redmond and graduated with a Associate of Science degree in Engineering Graphics in June 2003.
While 'Aces High' is a combat flight simulator, there is okay you know you know I mean you know I mean so you know uh uh also a community to ght where they all fly together to complete a goal.
He graduated from Texas A&M University in College Station well okay uh so you know okay um I mean okay okay in 1954 with a degree in animal husbandry and I mean I mean okay uh okay so well like well well then, as had his father during World War I, served in the U. S. Army.
Yeshivat Sha'alvim is a hesder yeshiva, a kollel and a well you know I mean like okay well well I mean um well yeshiva high school for boys, located in Kibbutz Sha'alvim it I mean like well okay um okay well um well uh is known for being the school that photographer and cinematographer Zvi Moss attended.
A flat, low - lying, sandy plain is mapped um I mean like okay you know I mean so you know um okay as Bunge Land (Бунге Земля), It connects Faddeyevsky like well like okay I mean okay well you know okay I mean and Kotelny islands and ties them together into a single geographical whole, one of the 50 largest islands in the world.
Mondays to Fridays at 5: 15pm and Saturdays at 5: 05pm from 3 October 1988 to 10 February 1989.
Emergency Assist will attempt to reactivate the like well well uh I mean I mean like uh uh um driver after steering feedback hasn't been detected for a uh you know I mean so you know I mean okay so like okay period of time and will also transmit warning signals to its nearby surroundings.
Selection of the appropriate round (s) is usually made before the um I mean so uh well so uh so um okay start of the quiz and made be available on all so um okay you know I mean uh so you know uh like rounds or certain round (s) may be specifically excluded (usually the first).
The city is well known for its parks and you know you know okay you know well well um you know I mean so recreational facilities including the Eleanor London Côte Saint - Luc you know um I mean you know I mean okay so um okay I mean Public Library, one of few libraries in North America that is open every day of the year.
He joined the army of Shivaji Maharaj in 1656 after okay um you know you know um um uh okay I mean okay the fall of More Kingdom to Bhosales and very so well like okay so so um okay like uh soon he became Loyal Sardar of Maharaj so he awarded Killedari of Puranadar.
One of the premium hiking trails in the I mean like I mean you know like uh you know like I mean you know Waterton Lakes National Park, Alberta, Canada, the 8 - hour like so so so you know okay well um so so - return Crypt Lake trail is accessed by a dedicated ferry service operating from the Waterton Park Townsite.
In February 1554, Jane's father, who had been released, was you know uh um so so uh I mean like um uh one of the rebel leaders in Wyatt's rebellion, and um so I mean well well well so so like okay on 12 February, Mary had Jane, then aged 16, and her husband beheaded.
Chalmers was born in Beith and started his career with Rutherglen Glencairn before turning professional with Rangers.
Mundhanai Mudichu (English: Saree Knot) is a 1983 Tamil film like well like well I mean like um I mean so uh is directed by K. Bhagyaraj starring himself along with Urvasi in the lead roles.
After the war, the L class were involved well um I mean okay like you know you know so so well in trials of new torpedoes and hydrophone equipment on both I mean like okay um uh well so uh like so the east and west coasts before decommissioning in 1922 and I mean um I mean um like like so I mean well I mean 1923 and were used in the US scrapping quota in 1933 under the London Naval Treaty limiting naval armament.
Thomas Fitch (January 27, 1838 -- November like I mean um um um so you know okay well okay 12, 1901) represented President Brigham Young of the Church well so I mean so so so you know I mean well okay of Latter - day Saints and other church leaders like um okay uh so well uh so so you know when Young and his denomination were prosecuted for polygamy in 1871 and 1872.
Summer is warm and relatively dry, with August well um I mean you know um well uh uh well uh being the warmest month, with an average high and low of and respectively.
Domo joined Odd Future because he was very good um I mean well okay you know um so okay you know I mean friends with Rolling Papers was released on August 30, 2010.
Ericsson designed the USS 'Monitor' in 1861, its most uh I mean well okay like so you know so uh well prominent feature being a large cylindrical gun turret mounted amidships well um well okay uh well like okay well uh above the low - freeboard upper hull, also called the 'raft'.
Risk factors for thromboembolism, the major cause of arterial embolism, include I mean um you know so um you know you know okay uh so disturbed blood flow (such as in atrial fibrillation and mitral like like um okay so okay you know like you know okay stenosis), injury or damage to an artery wall, and hypercoagulability (such as increased platelet count).
John de Courcy, 35th Baron Kingsale, (27 January 1941 -- 15 well so so uh um I mean I mean like like you know September 2005), succeeded his grandfather to the title in well so like well like uh um uh um so 1969, his father, Lieutenant - Commander The Honourable Michael de Courcy, RN, having being killed in action in 1940.
It examines the science, psychology, and sociology of criminal behavior, and profiles of villains, victims and detectives.
While living in São Paulo he fell in love with uh okay uh uh um you know so so so okay Sonia, a beautiful young girl, who is engaged um like well okay so so so uh okay so to Mark's cousin Camilo, who worked at the industrial you know you know so you know okay uh okay well okay you know plant Golden Crystals, which was owned by the millionaire Clovis Moura.
Much of her design was also re-used for the 'Street Fighter' I mean like well uh okay I mean okay um uh so series 'popular character Ibuki (who, incidentally, has a fellow well um I mean I mean so okay well well uh um ninja classmate and friend named Sarai Kurosawa) and she also resembles Simone from Capcom's and Psikyo's 'Cannon Spike'.
The first collective Mitki exhibition in 1984 in St. Petersburg well you know I mean um well like you know um I mean okay was raided by police but after Glasnost the group's work became accepted and was soon shown beyond St. Petersburg.
The 2014 NFL season the 95th regular season of the like like you know okay I mean so uh uh um so National Football League is tentatively set to begin Thursday, September well so um so um you know you know so you know well 4, 2014, with the defending Super Bowl champions (Denver Broncos uh like okay uh well like well so I mean so or Seattle Seahawks) hosting in the annual kickoff game.
During Kitty's vacation, Cormac drives up to her cabin uh okay you know uh um well okay uh you know I mean with an injured Ben and tells Kitty that he had called Ben to help him with a werewolf hunt.
Nimfa was forced to take part of a devilish like so um so I mean well um um okay like plan to fool the Saavedra family as Rosette planned all this to be with Jeremy forever.
The city has museums of many types, housing cultural you know like um so okay um okay uh okay uh treasures of Mexico's history since ancient times, the most notable so okay okay uh you know you know well like okay I mean of which is the National Museum of Anthropology and History, located in Chapultepec Park.
In Canada, Senator Nancy Ruth had previously dropped her family name so um I mean I mean I mean like I mean I mean um so of Jackman, using both of her remaining names together uh I mean well well okay okay like okay uh well as a mononym instead of using 'Ruth' as a family name.
Peter Jenkins (11 May, 1934 - 27 May, 1992) was a British journalist for 'The Guardian' and 'The Independent'.
The DBTI Tarlac Batch 1988 comprised of 147 students who graduated you know like I mean you know like uh okay so okay I mean from high school on the 40th Commencement Exercises on March 27, 1988.
Modern beavers have chisel - like incisor teeth for gnawing on like okay I mean okay um I mean you know like like like wood, while the teeth of the giant beaver okay well so you know um I mean well you know uh I mean were bigger and broader, and grew to about 15 cm (6 in) long.
Prince Salman is reported to arbitrate disputes among the you know I mean like I mean uh I mean you know okay I mean I mean members of the royal family which, along with the governorship of okay you know uh you know I mean well well okay okay um Saudi Arabia's capital city, and a reputation for well um okay okay uh well okay um I mean um fairness and competence, has propelled him to be amongst the Kingdom's most powerful royals.
Due to this, she could only show platonic love to well well so so well you know uh so like uh Hardin, which in turn shatters his heart and later turned over so like so you know like I mean uh like like um the dark side, therefore she blamed herself for Hardin's fall to darkness.
He was raised by her parents, Lela and Turner Williams, and left home by age 14.
Jeremiah was transferred to Ft. Russell, Wyoming in 1875; by this time, Porter's health started to deteriorate.
An 'agent' is any person employed by or acting for well um um I mean um like um you know like uh another, and the 'principal' is the person he is employed by or acting for.
In February 2007, Whedon departed from the project uh okay so you know so you know you know um I mean so due to script differences with the studio, and the like um well okay so like okay um like okay director reiterated, ' I never had an actress well I mean I mean uh um you know well I mean uh so picked out, or even a consistant (sic) front - runner.
A transfer to HMS Levant (1758) in February 1772 until she like um okay I mean so so okay uh well like returned to Spithead in 1775 giving an opportunity to take his examination for Lieutenant.
Jeffery & Cole Casserole is an American sketch comedy program okay like so um uh like you know uh well well starring Jeffery Self and Cole Escola, that debuted on Logo on June 19, 2009.
The Mode can only be activated over a special cable, or in some cases over infrared.
Gray was elected to the Christchurch City Council in okay like okay uh okay okay okay okay um uh 1885, and was Mayor of Christchurch in 1891 to 1992, and again in 1904 to 1905.
This upgrade will reduce cost and increase flexibility, since any you know okay um so uh so well you know um uh manufactured CBC can be configured for zero to four solid like I mean um like okay um so well um okay boosters, but the standardized CBC will necessitate a slight performance loss for most medium configurations.
Almost all of the functionality in the editor can well uh um uh you know I mean so okay uh I mean be reconfigured using Emacs Lisp, a simple and easy to learn uh uh uh you know um um uh okay okay you know language, changes to the Lisp code do not require the editor to be restarted or recompiled.
'New York Mining Disaster 1941' was the second EP released by you know so uh I mean okay you know um like well you know the Bee Gees in 1967 on the Spin Records, like their first EP, it was released only in Australia.
This prayer is originally from a longer prayer of uh you know um like like okay okay I mean um well the 15th century and was popularized in the 17th century so well so like like um like okay like you know by Fr. Claude Bernard, who learned it from his father.
La Calle is a port town in this province.
Hals studied under another Flemish - émigré, Karel van Mander you know okay uh like so like so uh um so (1548 -- 1606), whose Mannerist influence, however, is not noticeably visible in his work.
Their inaugural season was successful, finishing 4 - 2 okay I mean so okay you know you know you know I mean uh you know on the regular season and earning a berth in the Championship um um um I mean like so like well uh you know Game, where the Fox lost to the Jacksonville Dixie Blues by a score of 49 - 6.
In an interview with 'Futaa' in February 2014, Dufourg attributed okay um okay okay like okay uh well okay so his outspokenness to his dismissal from FC um uh um so um you know like you know um okay Talanta, and gave his stance on players cheating their ages in Kenya.
The former appeared for several clubs in the second tier, I mean um uh I mean uh you know okay um I mean well whilst the latter competed with Real Unión in the top level; his uncle, Román, played as a midfielder.
Julio Álvarez Mosquera (born May 1, 1981 in Caracas) is like um so you know okay so so well uh like a Venezuelan - Spanish professional footballer who currently plays for CD uh okay I mean um okay you know well I mean so you know Tenerife in the Spanish second division, mainly as an attacking midfielder.
Tom Wheeler is an American television writer and producer so so well so you know you know I mean okay I mean like currently serving as executive producer and show runner for the NBC superhero series 'The Cape'.
In 1846, Bolckow and Vaughan built their first so like well you know I mean um well like I mean um blast furnaces at Witton, using local coal to make coke, and ironstone from Whitby on the coast.
In October 2011, DVD Rare released the entire 4 seasons of the show, with all 78 episodes on twelve discs.
Their debut release is entitled 'Ways Not To um so so well well okay okay so um um Lose'; it was recorded at Allaire Studios in Shokan, um you know I mean you know well um um um well like NY in September of 2005 and was produced by John Medeski.
Overcollecting is a major threat to the survival of so like like like okay like you know um well uh 'P. Kovachii' in the wild as it was found that one well um uh okay uh like well you know well you know locality of 'P. Kovachii' was depleted of plants, possibly even before the scientific publication in Selbyana.
The next year, they traded a 1984 draft pick so um uh well okay well um you know um um to the Portland Trail Blazers for center Tom okay okay so well um you know I mean uh so okay Owens, who played one year for the Pacers with little impact.
The painting was presented by him to President Kennedy well uh okay okay I mean well uh you know uh I mean in 1963, through a letter, acknowledged the young artist with personal well you know so like well okay so you know like you know thanks and appreciation conveyed from the White House through his personal secretary Ms Evelyn Lincoln.
Initially, Quick was a free daily paper that contained 'quick hits' of the daily top news stories, weather and sports.
Brown was offered a new contract at the end of well well uh okay um I mean like uh well you know the 2013 - 2014 season, after being with Cheltenham for okay like uh okay okay I mean so uh like um 10 years, however he opted to sign for Scottish club Aberdeen FC in May 2014.
Bosvil has a primary and secondary school, with a district okay like like um uh I mean uh uh I mean uh school in Muri and a Cantonal school in Wohlen.
White ihram clothing is intended to make everyone appear so I mean um like I mean um okay you know I mean I mean the same, by God there is no difference um you know I mean okay um well you know so I mean um between a prince and a pauper when everyone is dressed equally.
The school doesn't offer Math classes, however some Science, History, and English classes are offered.
In 1911 he moved to Little Rock, Arkansas okay um well like you know okay well like like uh and invested in real estate on the north side of the Arkansas River.
Past NY 31, NY 98 crosses over the like um um okay you know like um so you know okay Erie Canal and enters the town of Gaines before exiting the Albion village limits.
He immigrated to the United States in 1852, in response so you know well you know you know okay I mean okay like so to a request from Lars Paul Esbjörn for help with the Swedish Lutheran mission in Illinois.
The building is shaped to project the image of scales I mean I mean so uh so you know you know like well uh of justice with its centre - beam symbolised by um I mean like you know you know well so you know I mean um the central wing of the building comprising the Chief Justice's court, uh like you know well okay like like like I mean like the largest of the courtrooms, with two court halls on either side.
In June 1884, Bastard married Gertrude Littlewood Garrett in West Ham; they had a daughter named Florence Garrett Bastard.
On the opposite side of the road is the like um you know so okay you know I mean like okay so well known Barry Fitch butchers, whose meat is largely reared in the fields around Little Eaton.
Christian Cyrus Leben (born July 21, 1980) is a retired okay okay so um okay um well okay okay well American mixed martial artist who fought for the UFC I mean you know I mean so well well well well I mean you know as a Middleweight, compiling a record of 12 - 10 in 22 appearances for the organization.
Bushings sometimes fail due to partial discharge you know well so like uh like uh you know okay so degradation of the insulation over many years of energised well like like you know okay uh um you know I mean so service and at present great interest in the electricity supply industry in monitoring the condition of high voltage bushings.
On 23 July 2016 Barrowman announced that he was um um uh okay like okay uh I mean uh well in talks with BBC to get Torchwood back on so okay um like you know I mean you know so like well TV, the announcement came just hours after Barrowman's appearance at Comic Con 2016.
This species prefers areas with dense grass, in which you know okay okay so so I mean you know you know okay okay it makes navigational trails called runways that resemble a tunnel with a grass covering.
Overall, Niedermayer appeared in 80 games scoring 11 goals and well you know okay okay uh I mean like so uh you know 40 points and was named to the NHL All - Rookie Team on defence.
Lewis' mother, Elizabeth, is played by Hattie Morahan and his I mean well you know like well uh um you know um um father, Gilbert, by Greg Wise; the part of his step - mother Alice is acted by Jessica Brown Findlay.
Western saddles are more difficult to adjust, though use okay well you know I mean I mean okay um um um um of shims and padding can compensate for some changes, and okay okay so I mean well uh I mean you know uh I mean the lessen pressure per square inch of surface area is a bit more forgiving.
He accompanied his father to Peru when he was appointed uh so so like uh like well I mean um I mean president of the Royal Audiencia of Charcas, and after his well uh well you know like like well uh so well death he was appointed mayor of Oropeza and the valley of Cochabamba.
He has also written a contemporary baseball novel like okay um um well uh uh okay uh um called 'Sometimes You See it Coming', a graphic novel called I mean like uh um so I mean you know so like um 'Luna Park', and he was the chief historical researcher okay okay I mean you know uh you know uh you know okay so on Harold Evans's illustrated history of the United States, 'The American Century'.
The premise of 'DC Challenge' was that each so well I mean okay well um well uh like so chapter would be written by a different author like uh okay like so I mean um I mean uh you know and illustrated by a different artist; no consultation between authors was permitted.
Castelão was completed in 1982 and was inaugurated on so okay okay uh so so so well like uh February 5 of that year, when the Brazil uh so so okay uh like um um I mean I mean national team beat the Portugal national team 3 - 1.
Rocha was born in Toronto, Ontario, and moved to Richmond, British Columbia at a very young age.
Glenda tells Angel she has a surprise for him like like you know okay uh so um like well like and then Luli to get the stuffed animal out of the car.
Merrell Quentin Sharpe (January 11, 1888 -- January 22, 1962) so you know well like okay you know okay okay I mean well was a Republican American politician from Kennebec, South uh you know okay you know well you know you know like uh um Dakota, Attorney General of South Dakota from 1929 through 1933, and Governor of South Dakota from 1943 through 1947.
The cecum is a pouchlike structure of the colon, located you know like like uh so you know you know I mean so okay at the junction of the small intestine and the large intestine.
The 311th Human Systems Wing was a group of okay I mean you know I mean um like okay like like I mean the United States Air Force based out of the now - closed Brooks City - Base in San Antonio, Texas.
Hollingbery Fieldhouse at Washington State University, a facility serving many so well okay you know so well so okay like so different sports, was built in 1929 and renamed for the coach in 1963.
Kenneth Dennis Molloy was a notably well - known like so so so you know okay okay uh like so and popular personality among the residents of his hometown, you know um uh so okay uh uh I mean uh I mean respected for his exploits as an All - American athlete and well I mean well okay I mean okay so I mean um like a judge on the New York State Supreme Court, and admired for his general affability.
Photographers can compensate for this by increasing the exposure um uh I mean okay well like like okay I mean you know time, using a photographic film with a higher ISO okay like I mean you know like uh like well you know um rating, or, in digital cameras, increasing the light sensitivity of the sensor.
Since the original writing of the scriptures, huge volumes of you know well um you know like you know I mean you know well like copies have been made of the originals, which are no longer you know um well so like well well you know I mean well extant, and copies have been made of those copies, resulting in several text types.
Build 4083 (build date of May 16, 2004) - Leaked so so okay um uh okay like I mean so you know on November 10, 2004, and was the last leaked XP - based build.
John Rising (1756 -- 1815) was an English portrait okay so um uh okay like you know I mean um uh and subject painter, had a large practice in London, and okay like well um uh like uh okay okay uh was a regular exhibitor at the Royal Academy from 1785 until his death.
His father was a Police officer in The Metropolitan Police uh like I mean well okay okay you know okay so you know Service and it was him who encouraged Goodwin to you know so so like so uh you know um uh I mean learn the piano from an early age which would eventually so so uh uh well I mean um I mean uh okay lead to him studying the trumpet in London at the Guildhall School of Music.
The film American Beauty borrows several themes from I mean you know you know um well so uh well you know well the novel, including the murder of its protagonist shortly after a okay well well you know okay so well so uh uh moment of enlightenment, by an acquaintance who mistakes him for having a relationship with his son.
Considered a unique example for the evolution of architecture uh um uh so uh you know uh uh um so during the nineteenth century in the city, the lighthouse was constructed okay well so uh okay okay like well so so by François Coignet in 1869 one week before the uh so so okay uh so um uh I mean you know inauguration of the Suez canal to guide the ships passing in the canal.
Colonel the Hon. George Hysteron - Proteron (c. 18741942) is okay uh you know so okay so I mean um I mean I mean a fictional character created by the author J. K. Stanford, a like uh like so I mean um you know uh like I mean British soldier, sporting gun, and Lord of the manor of Five Mile Wallop, Cambridgeshire.
When they find Manson, Peter punches him in okay so uh like uh uh um so um um the face and Lois accuses him for destroying their son with his songs.
The World Chicken Festival is an annual event held well um okay like you know well okay like you know like in downtown London, Kentucky, in Laurel County, on the last weekend in September.
No special Wiki knowledge is required to participate, just a love of Greenwich Village!.
Eventually Swanson became a White House photographer for 'Life' and remained there uh you know I mean well so um I mean okay um I mean working for such magazines as 'Fortune', 'People', and 'Time'.
He sold the album online through his site okay well you know um like uh like I mean okay like and Myspace, as well as during live shows he was playing in small venues around Southampton and Bath.
It was announced at E3 2007 that Sucker Punch was um I mean well you know you know you know so uh I mean I mean working on a PlayStation 3 title called 'inFamous', a sandbox um I mean okay um okay you know I mean so I mean you know game based on a futuristic world with more I mean uh uh uh uh um um like I mean I mean photorealistic graphics, about a superhuman who must make moral choices to save or destroy Empire City.
With this discovery, Cassel changes the white cat back into I mean like um like okay uh um okay um I mean Lila, and the two plan to reunite her with okay okay um well I mean okay okay like um you know her father and allow her to take back her place as uh okay like well um okay so well so you know heir by revealing a plan Anton has of killing her father and running the family himself.
He played his first pro season with their Class A Anderson so um I mean you know so okay like you know uh so Braves in 1980, and his last with the New York you know uh I mean like you know um uh um I mean so Yankees' Double - A Albany - Colonie Yankees and Triple - A Columbus Clippers in 1986.
After the weakening of the Byzantine Empire and well you know uh so uh okay uh uh so um the Bulgarian Empire in the middle and late 13th you know I mean uh I mean you know um okay like well I mean century, most of the territory of present - day Albania well well um uh you know you know um so you know like became part of the Serbian state: firstly, as part like so like so okay so um like uh so of Rashka and later as part of the Serbian Empire.
The ex-King Charles of Sweden got to know her during um you know you know I mean you know so I mean you know I mean well his exile in Finland 1457 - 1464, and when you know so well uh um so I mean okay um so he returned to Sweden and reclaimed the Swedish throne in 1464, she followed him there as royal mistress.
Ryegrasses contain some species which are important grasses for both well I mean I mean like so you know you know I mean you know I mean lawns and as animal fodder, but also some um so uh well uh I mean um so you know I mean weeds that can have a severe impact on the production of wheat and other crops.
On the August 23 episode of 'SmackDown Live', the WWE SmackDown uh I mean well so so I mean uh I mean okay like Tag Team Championship was unveiled, and a tournament I mean so um uh so you know okay you know like so to crown the inaugural champions was then set up, with the tournament's final scheduled for Backlash.
It was at this juncture that Hazlitt met Samuel Taylor um you know like I mean um so I mean you know well well Coleridge and the encounter, a life - changing event was subsequently you know like I mean well I mean like well I mean well I mean to exercise a profound influence on his writing career that, in retrospect, Hazlitt regarded as greater than any other.
Funeka Soldaat is a lesbian community activist from South Africa, who well so I mean I mean so well like okay so well works with the Triangle Project and is a um so like you know like you know um you know um well founder of Khayelitsha - based lesbian advocacy group Free Gender.
Leonard Porter Ayres (1879 -- 1946) was an American educator, born um you know so uh you know you know uh well okay so at Niantic, Conn. He received his college and graduate training at Boston, Harvard, and Columbia universities.
To engage the four - wheel - drive system well like well like uh well you know I mean uh well the vehicle must be moving at a slow speed less like um okay so well uh well like so I mean than 30 miles per hour, this is only for the four - wheel - drive high setting.
This actually tends to make Jughead a bit jealous, and um like like you know you know so uh I mean um okay she has even been on one memorable date with Archie in one story.
He had two seasons with the Powell River Kings, where um uh like well um um okay like well so he played alongside his older brother, Paul and he had one season with the Surrey Eagles.
During the 1980s, he had a 1963 -- 64 okay I mean uh I mean um well well well like uh black Fender Stratocaster, called his 'trouble guitar', fitted you know okay well so um okay you know uh um I mean with a Floyd Rose floating tremolo and a Bill Lawrence L90 pickup.
'Chalayil mahavishnu kshetram' is a famous Vishnu temple situated in Mattanur I mean uh you know I mean uh so uh um you know okay is one of the rare temples for worshiping Narasimha avathara of lord Vishnu.
Galata, ridden by Arnull, was made the 1/3 you know so you know okay like uh you know so um like betting favourite, quickly opened up a lead of a hundred yards well you know okay well like uh okay well you know uh over her older rival, and won without being challenged.
The Denali Borough is a borough located in the I mean okay I mean you know uh um like uh so I mean U. S. State of Alaska and was incorporated in 1990.
In 1978, with his wife, actress / director Susan you know you know uh you know well like um okay so uh Williamson, whom he married in 1965, Woolf moved to Canada, eventually settling in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, where they currently reside.
The label was initially intended only to release 12' um so like like um well okay okay like so singles, however as Lex approached artists to contribute material for EPs most artists offered a full album of material.
Meanwhile, plans were still made to offer the sale of okay well um so so well so okay so uh bonds, with the first issue planned to be around so well so I mean like like I mean okay so um $ 20 million; the smaller planned bond issue was due to the grant issued by the WPA.
Some effort has been expended in an you know well okay you know you know well okay um okay well attempt to factor these numbers, but much remains unknown about their so well uh um I mean so well uh you know like factorization; for instance, it's not known if all numbers in the sequence are squarefree, although all the known terms are.
Tallman and his wife, Kristen, raise rodeo stock on their ranch well you know you know okay I mean okay you know so I mean well at Poolville near Weatherford in Parker County, Texas, so um okay so uh uh um okay um well assisted by their daughter and son - in - law, Nicole and Daniel Pennell.
After attending the College du Plessis in Paris, he seems so you know like so well uh uh like I mean like to have acquired a vocational interest in becoming a I mean so well um like so okay uh so um clergyman, but after studying theology in the Jansenist okay you know okay I mean like so um like okay like schools for some years, his interests turned away from the Church.
SS 'Lane Victory' is a Second World War Victory like like okay you know I mean you know well uh uh uh ship which is preserved as a museum ship in the San Pedro area of Los Angeles, California.
A Michelin 3 - star sushi restaurant in you know so uh like so I mean so well I mean well Ginza, Chūō, Tokyo, Japan that is owned and operated by sushi master Jiro Ono.
Approaching the age of sixty, during the ensuing two decades like like like you know like uh like you know I mean you know Walker appeared infrequently in minor roles but still maintained uh I mean you know you know so so you know okay you know you know a loyal following from his Cheyenne days and is a popular guest star at Western film festivals and the like.
Inez's parents agree with Gil when he tells like um I mean you know you know well so like I mean uh her that they are not right for each other, I mean like like okay you know okay well so you know like prompting Inez's father to confess that he had Gil followed, though the detective mysteriously disappeared.
He cofounded Digifaktory as the first and foremost 360 okay like I mean well you know so I mean uh I mean well degree cinema marketing company in Malayalam in the year like okay okay uh well uh well well you know um 2014 and handles 100 % marketing of films like Monsoon mangoes, Action hero biju and Leela.
Many of the novels were adapted for the CBS television I mean uh like uh well so uh like like okay series 'Perry Mason' (1957 -- 66); details are available at the list of episodes for the TV series.
Jamison attended The Bolles School in Jacksonville, Florida, where he was teammates with John Theus.
Oliver Joseph St John Gogarty (17 August 1878 -- 22 I mean I mean um um uh so you know okay well well September 1957) was an Irish poet, author, otolaryngologist, so well um you know you know um uh uh you know okay athlete, politician, and well - known conversationalist, who served you know okay uh like like like you know like you know I mean as the inspiration for Buck Mulligan in James Joyce's novel 'Ulysses'.
The first such contract was one to rebuild 18 PCC um I mean um okay so like so you know well you know streetcars for Route 15 in Philadelphia, and later work okay so okay like like like well you know um so has included restoring PCC cars for use on San Francisco like uh I mean um like okay uh okay so so Municipal Railway's F Market & Wharves line and manufacturing replicas of 1923 Perley Thomas streetcars for New Orleans.
Nykesha Simone Sales (born May 10, 1976) is a former okay so okay okay uh well okay you know uh like professional basketball player in the WNBA, she most recently played in the Bosnian league for the ZKK Mladi Krajisnik club.
The 'Aabhidhan Rajendra Kosh' written by Acharya Rajendrasuri, is only like so um like uh you know okay like uh like one available Jain encyclopedia to understand the Jain Prakrit, Sanskrit, Ardha - Magadhi and other Jain languages words.
Leukocytes in the vicinity of damaged tissue are attracted to uh so uh I mean okay um well okay uh so it by the capture process, and briefly adhere to the venular endothelium (inner cellular lining of veins).
In 1145, Geoffroy II de Lèves, Bishop of Chartres, like uh you know so um um so I mean um okay excommunicated Geoffrey, but on his deathbed, he became a uh you know like like so um okay so uh well monk at Tiron Sainte - Trinité (see Tironensian Order), making peace with the abbey and therefore the bishop.
He was a typical old Manchuria officer, honest and kind, but he hated everything about foreign countries.
The following short recitative asks in a dissonant and dramatic way, okay so um I mean so uh you know you know I mean well like a lost sheep for its shepherd: ' (Where can I find you? Ah, where are you hidden?).
Camp Stanley is slated to close by 2016, in line okay I mean so like so I mean I mean I mean I mean okay with the ongoing draw - down and realignment of American forces in South Korea.
The earliest signs of human habitation in the so uh well you know like uh you know okay well well area are at Dihar -- by about 1000 BC chalcolithic people had settled on the north bank of the Dwarakeswar.
Born in Wellington, New Zealand, Hawkins is of Māori and um so well so so well um like like okay Samoan descent and played rugby union until he well um you know um well I mean well um well okay was 14 - years - old, then making a switch uh like um I mean like well you know you know like um to rugby league with the Randwick Kingfishers, before being signed by the Canberra Raiders.
As a static structure, castles could often be avoided, as I mean well like well uh um I mean you know uh uh their immediate area of influence was about and their weapons had a short range even early in the age of artillery.
He is well known for his affiliation with the West Coast okay well I mean you know like you know um um um like division of Grindtime, participation in Jumpoff's World Rap Championships um uh so I mean okay so uh well I mean so in 2007, status as a Youtube celebrity, and position as the opening act during Epik High's Map the Soul tour.
Nightall was born in Little port, Cambridgeshire, England, on 20 May 1922, the son of Walter and Alice Nightall.
However, it can be difficult to estimate 'K' i um okay um I mean so you know so like you know uh and 'K' i' accurately from such plots, so it okay okay okay okay okay um um uh well okay is advisable to estimate these constants using more reliable nonlinear regression methods, as described above.
First, Ray Charles and Elton John recorded this song as okay uh you know like well like I mean like like like a 'duet' in Charles's 2004 posthumous release 'Genius Loves Company;' it was the soul legend's final recorded vocal performance.
Burley Griffin Way is a New South Wales state route - designated as State Route 94.
In 1104 the Seljuk Turks invaded Edessa, and with like well you know you know uh like well so um so help from Antioch Count Baldwin met them at the Battle of Harran.
Like its national counterpart, the U. S. Taxpayers Party okay I mean I mean okay um I mean so like um uh of Michigan (USTPM) is a strongly constitutional party, however is committed to the principles of Biblical law.
He was born in New York City (Spanish Harlem, also known um like uh okay so so um so you know okay as East Harlem or El Barrio) to Puerto Rican you know um you know so um well like you know so well parents at the age of ten Jimmy's family moved like well uh okay okay like uh you know so um to Puerto Rico where he grew up and lived most of his youth years.
Cape Town (; ) ranks second among the most populous you know well okay well okay uh uh okay you know uh urban areas in South - Africa, after Johannesburg and like um well so so I mean um um so well virtually 'ex-aequo' with Durban and the provincial capital and primate city of the Western Cape.
Miguel Angel Galluzzi (Buenos Aires, 1959) is an industrial designer uh I mean um okay you know uh okay okay I mean uh who created the Ducati Monster, which is credited with popularizing the naked like okay I mean like uh okay um um well uh bike style of motorcycle, as well as saving Ducati by delivering a much - needed sales success.
Following the end of the war, angry crowds well well you know I mean well I mean uh so so okay burned his books in public in major Norwegian okay um um I mean well you know well I mean you know I mean cities and Hamsun was confined for several months in a psychiatric hospital.
Quincy Watson (Jamie Foxx) is unceremoniously dumped by his fiancée um well like well you know okay like um so well Helen, and pens a 'how to' book on okay um well uh um well uh well well well breaking up and becomes a best - selling author on the subject.
Padel is the first woman to be elected Professor of Poetry at Oxford, elected on 297 votes in 2009.
The Kamp Store is the Center's Visitor's Center & well you know you know okay well well you know you know so um Museum, a converted early 1900s mercantile building listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
For C / EBPα and - β, different sizes of polypeptides um like well okay so so you know um I mean okay can be produced by alternative use of initiation codons due to weak ribosome scanning mechanisms.
Since space and time are unified, the motion through so you know you know okay okay like so you know uh okay space impacts time: time slows down for the person okay um okay uh like okay uh well like like who is moving but goes faster for the one like um okay I mean you know so you know like okay I mean who stands still; which implies that the passage of time as we experience it may be just an illusion.
His best known novel was his first, 'Tunes of Glory' you know well uh you know so like uh well okay so (1956), which was turned into a well known film starring Alec Guinness and John Mills.
In inventories of deceased clock makers, lantern clocks usually are simply you know I mean so um um I mean so okay uh uh referred to as 'house clocks', 'chamber clocks' or just okay well um so like so um uh I mean well 'clocks', since in 17th century England lantern clocks were almost the only type of domestic clocks that existed.
EPs 1991 - 2002 is a 5 - okay I mean I mean like um like um I mean well like CD box set which contains all 11 EPs released by Autechre well you know um so well okay uh well okay so between 1991 and 2002 including Autechre's first EP, Cavity Job, presented for the first time on CD.
The Oilers finished the season third in the Smythe Division, uh well okay uh you know so so like you know so and then were eliminated by Gretzky's Kings in the I mean um uh so uh well so like like I mean first round of the playoffs in seven games, afterward Sather I mean okay okay well you know so okay okay okay um relinquished his title of head coach but remained general manager of the Oilers.
The sheet music may also indicate the name of the lyric well I mean okay so um you know you know I mean um so - writer, if the lyrics are by a person other uh okay well well you know you know um well so you know than one of the songwriters or composers and the name well um okay so like okay like so um I mean of the arranger, if the song or piece has been arranged for the publication.
However, McCann was found guilty of the theft of two computer um I mean like like you know uh you know okay um uh discs, for which he received a 12 - month conditional discharge.
Independence Heights is a community in Houston, Texas and was originally an incorporated city of its own.
In 1952, Pickering married Ariel Yvonne Thomas, whom he like well well like okay well you know well I mean okay had met as an intern pastor in Colorado okay you know like well I mean I mean you know I mean like uh City, Texas, and the couple shortly moved to New Kensington, Pennsylvania, where Pickering pastored Maranatha Bible Church.
According to sources privy to the development at Scotland Yard, so like like um I mean like so um well like the information obtained from the SIM of Iftikhar Hussain has brought previously unknown facts and connections into the limelight.
Ben is the son of Libby Kennedy and the you know uh I mean um okay okay um like so okay deceased Drew Kirk and is the step - son of Daniel Fitzgerald.
The figurehead was rescued from the decaying 'Empress I' by the well well uh so um well okay you know okay you know 'Vancouver Daily Province' newspaper, restored, and mounted on public display in Vancouver's Stanley Park.
Wukang Mansion (aka Normandy Apartment), an apartment building at the like um okay like okay well well I mean okay I mean southern end of Wukang Road, on the corner with Huaihai well well like I mean okay um you know like well you know Middle Road, was designed by the Hungarian - Slovak architect László Hudec (1893 -- 1958) and was completed in 1924.
After picking back up the project in 1998 recording started I mean I mean okay uh like so well I mean um uh to begin and guitarist Kurt Ballou joined in on I mean uh um I mean so I mean uh you know um well the project and in 2000 the album 'Rise of the Great Machine' was released through the Undecided label.
Yorke also fought during the Hundred Days and served as I mean um okay I mean so I mean um well um um an aide - de - camp at the Battle of Waterloo in June 1815.
The United States Vice Presidential Museum at the Dan Quayle Center like um so I mean uh you know like um well okay is located in Huntington, Indiana, one of the towns where former Vice President Dan Quayle grew up.
Roca Partida, means Broken Rock rather than Divide, as in breaking something in several pieces.
Cass Tech started off the season on a sour um uh I mean I mean I mean you know you know so okay so note, losing its season opener to highly - ranked Farmington Hills Harrison 43 - 7.
It was the second single from his um okay so I mean um you know you know um you know I mean worldwide hit album, 'The Marshall Mathers LP' it's also featured on his 2005 album.
The majority of the qualifying occurred at the 2013 World uh uh well um so well okay you know okay like Figure Skating Championships where countries qualified up to three entries in each discipline.
The hydrogen and helium extracted in the process could um you know um you know you know okay um okay well okay also be used as fusion reactor fuel, or even assembled so well so uh uh uh I mean you know I mean okay into additional smaller stars, to improve the efficiency of its use.
The second season premiered on July 7, 2017, and a third season was commissioned in March 2017.
Siddig El Tahir El Fadil El Siddig Abderrahman Mohammed Ahmed so okay so um so you know uh um okay okay Abdel Karim El Mahdi (; born 21 November 1965 ) um like well I mean I mean I mean so uh um uh is a Sudanese - born British actor, known by the um I mean so so well like okay so so like stage names Siddig El Fadil through the mid- 1990s and Alexander Siddig since.
Bauang is a 1st class municipality in so okay I mean uh well um well so so well the province latest census, it has a population of 69, 837 people in 12, 298 households.
Ellen Radka Toneff (25 June 1952 -- 21 October like okay I mean so you know um uh well okay so 1982) was a Norwegian jazz singer, daughter of the Bulgarian so so I mean uh uh like well okay like like folk singer, pilot and radio technician Toni Toneff, she was born in Oslo and grew up in Lambertseter and Kolbotn.
Anima Pop is an Alternative Pop band I mean you know well uh I mean um okay so okay I mean formed in Madrid, Spain in 2006, Pop under the influence so okay um well okay so so okay I mean um of Post Punk, consisting of Victor Cobos and Carlos Piris, Kike Planelles Manuela Soriano.
The park offers a variety of annual events, one of the most popular of which is the Starlight Spectacular.
Costner was born in Lynwood, California and grew up um uh like so uh okay well well like so in Compton, California as the youngest of three sons (the middle of whom died at birth).
As development progressed, some of the original ideas became you know like okay I mean uh like um I mean you know I mean too difficult for the small team to complete; originally, the like okay okay um um you know like um like I mean spider sequences were to be present near the end of the game, but were later moved to the first part.
It inhabits arid woodland and scrub with spinifex, eucalypts, um I mean um so like um um so um you know acacias, etc. 4 to 6 rounded white eggs are so I mean you know um you know like like um okay okay laid in a hollow in a eucalypt or desert oak.
In the 1985 film 'Pee - wee's Big Adventure 'featured um uh well um you know well well you know well like a scene in which Pee - wee Herman knocks over a row so so uh I mean okay well well okay uh like of motorcycles, then proceeds to win over the angered okay okay you know I mean like like uh so uh okay bikers by selecting' Tequila' from the jukebox and comically dancing to it.
Gorse has been used for hedges and windbreaks on like well I mean okay um like so okay okay well the Canterbury Plains since the 1850s and have a combined length of 300, 000 kilometres.
He was born in 1970, he is son of the um uh like um you know like uh like like well late Manuel 'Nonong' Quezon Jr. (1926 - 1998) and Lourdes um um I mean uh uh well okay I mean well I mean 'Lulu' Casas - Quezon, with his grandson, former President Manuel L. Quezon (1878 - 1944).
The reference Cool compiler is written in C++, um well okay well like like well um you know okay built entirely on public domain tools; it generates code for a MIPS simulator, SPIM.
Navon was born in Jerusalem in 1851, to you know like uh I mean I mean okay you know like well you know a Sephardi Jewish family which was part of Jerusalem's wealthy Sephardi elite.
Big Boi included André 3000 in producing and co-writing on so um I mean uh I mean I mean um um I mean okay four tracks from 'Speakerboxxx', while on 'The Love Below', you know like okay you know you know uh so okay so um the only song featuring a verse by Big Boi is 'Roses'.
He is also the Director of the Division of Policy well well you know uh like like well okay so well and Services Research at the Andrus Center, and is the I mean okay I mean well well uh um I mean so uh director of the National Resource Center on Supportive Housing and so I mean um you know like um you know I mean so so Home Modification and co-director of the Fall Prevention Center of Excellence.
Vindhayachal, well known for Vindhayavasini temple, a Shakti peeth & uh well I mean like uh okay um um I mean well also a place fromwhere Indian Standard Time is measured, um you know so I mean so okay uh so well like is about 20 km from this place and Sitamarhi is about 15 km (provided you cross the Ganges by boat).
He scored his first goal for United in a 2 so well uh I mean so like so you know like well -- 1 win against Port Vale at Vale Park on 12 okay well uh like um you know so um you know okay March 2011; his goal turned out to be the winner.
As for other locations, it is still relatively easy like I mean I mean you know well like uh so okay okay to locate in the night sky; if one finds Vega, Eltanin okay so I mean I mean so uh you know I mean um I mean is the red star just north - northwest of it.
'Too Busy Thinking About My Baby' is a Motown song first okay like you know like you know uh you know like so uh recorded by The Temptations as a track on their 1966 album 'Gettin' Ready'.
Attempting to elude federal agents, Nelson had hid out in so like well I mean like well okay um okay like the isolated piny woods of Lake Geneva, Wisconsin and okay so I mean you know uh well you know um you know so bolstered by his new found status, Nelson boasted uh like uh um I mean you know you know I mean okay um a plan that could equal John Dillinger's exploits, if not surpass them.
Grant Rohach (born February 5, 1994) is an American football quarterback um um I mean um um okay okay so okay uh who played college football for the Iowa State Cyclones and Buffalo Bulls.
He is believed by Muslims and Bahá'ís to be um um okay well um okay uh I mean so like a messenger and prophet of God, and by most Muslims like you know uh so you know you know okay um okay well to have been the last prophet sent by God for mankind.
On 10 April 2006, he was handed a five year uh I mean um uh um you know like well well well jail term and remanded to Jodhpur jail until 13 April when he was granted bail.
Norris claimed that Chipps had threatened his life, and like I mean so um you know so so you know you know so he was hence acquitted on grounds of self - defense.
Income grants are argued to be vastly more efficient well you know like so you know you know I mean so I mean I mean in extending basic needs to the poor than you know you know okay you know well so you know you know okay uh subsidizing supplies whose effectiveness in poverty alleviation is diluted you know um I mean okay um um I mean well I mean okay by the non-poor who enjoy the same subsidized prices.
Records of his episcopate are thin, but there are enough uh like um so I mean you know okay I mean like uh to allow a modest reconstruction of his activities: he presided like I mean uh okay like so okay uh like so over legal disputes, issued a dispensation for an well um well I mean well um like like well you know important irregular marriage, attended parliaments, and acted as an envoy of the Scottish crown in England.
She says he can pay her later and okay you know so so um well uh so okay you know calls it an IOU and offers him well like I mean um okay I mean well um well uh a contract to sign and he stamps it with his signet ring.
Trullie released her debut EP, 'Self - Taught like well so I mean well so well okay okay um Learner', in February 2009 on American Myth Recordings, whose okay you know okay I mean so well I mean I mean well uh cover features a woman's posterior clad in hot pants, taken from a 1970s pornographic magazine.
John Henry Moore led one hundred fifty Texian I mean um um you know um uh well I mean uh okay militia on October 2 in successfully repelling the Mexican uh I mean so uh um like so I mean well so troops, and a 'Come and Take It' flag was fashioned by the women of Gonzales.
The pistillate flower occurs singly and produces a rounded, woolly brown fruit with usually four chambers.
Dixon and Carmouche were waiting and were armed with semi automatic handguns.
During the last decade parts of the area okay uh okay uh well well okay I mean um you know have seen a gentrification, with many housing assessments um like so like so I mean okay well well I mean doubling; yet many areas thrive as never before, with more shops and restaurants opening every month.
It is a sequel to the 2013 Walt Disney Animation uh okay um so so you know okay well okay uh Studios film 'Frozen', and stars Kristen Bell, Idina Menzel, Jonathan Groff and Josh Gad.
Drawing on deep experience in network connectivity and large data okay uh well you know like you know okay okay I mean like sets, Ilesfay was founded in Cincinnati, Ohio in 2009 like like well um well I mean okay I mean um you know to meet market demand by changing the rules of the game for staffing, hardware requirements, and transfer speeds.
During law school, she was the managing editor at the Fordham okay um uh well like um like I mean like well Environmental Law Journal, and first gained notice as um you know okay I mean so well uh you know I mean you know the moderator of a panel about citing electric generators in New York City under New York energy law.
In March, 1918 he resigned his position in protest of well you know so um uh um okay I mean um like the entry of German troops into Ukraine and uh you know uh uh like like uh okay uh uh returned to the Kherson Zemstvo to lead the Statistical Bureau and the Department of Education and Libraries.
Like most wavelength controlled telecommunication lasers, the okay so okay okay you know like so well uh well laser chip is mounted on a thermoelectric cooler to stabilize so um you know well you know well okay so well like the temperature, and by making small adjustments to um I mean so okay like like you know like like I mean the inside temperature of the package, fine tuning of the wavelength can be realized.
Link and Zelda managed to escape, but Link was mortally wounded in the process and collapses in her arms.
In 1994, Underwood formed the Ghost Club Society which was like okay um like uh okay I mean uh uh uh formed after his departure from the Ghost Club.
Historically, many CFOs went on to join Her Majesty's Fire okay well so uh like okay well I mean I mean um Service Inspectorate, formerly Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Fire you know you know so uh so so you know uh well so Services, a government agency directly under the control of the Department for Communities and Local Government.
Two days after the battle ended, Somali militia launched a you know okay well uh you know uh uh uh uh okay mortar strike on a US compound and SFC Matt Rierson (1st SFOD - D), was killed.
The war was not just fought on land, the First like I mean um I mean um so like well so um World War also saw the Battle of Jutland, the so okay like uh okay like I mean you know uh um largest naval battle of the First World War and the only full - scale clash of battleships in that war.
The 'Notre Dame Victory March' was written just past the like so um uh well um okay I mean so well turn of the century by two brothers who were University of Notre Dame graduates.
The football club was formed in 1872 and was okay well okay I mean um well uh like you know well operated by the four founders until its incorporation on 27 May 1899.
Recent dredging has made the sandbar easier to negotiate and so you know well you know okay um I mean um like like the main channel has moved away from the cliffs, I mean I mean well you know uh like I mean well you know uh removing much of the danger, but even so there have been deaths as recently as 1997.
The site includes basketball team forums as well as so like um well you know I mean I mean you know I mean um off - topic, media, and graphic arts forums and uh uh uh okay um so uh I mean I mean uh on April 1, 2007 it added NHL, MLB, and NFL team boards.
I live in Northern Ireland and have an intrest in aviation and other things.
It replaced a company set up in June 1941 by 'Sturmbannführer' Ernst Gramss and operated until 23 July 1944.
As its first club for students community Sir Motiur so um like like I mean like uh uh uh I mean Rahman suggested some of students to be active um uh you know um you know um um so so uh in this regard to unite all the students and opened a confederation named RBM Student Confederation.
Since 1968, a total of 129 medals have been well so uh I mean um okay like so um uh stripped, which the vast majority of these occurring since 2000, due to improved drug testing methods.
These regions therefore had a diverse range of different peoples and were, like you know um like so like well so um you know to some extent, unified by an Islamic culture built on both religious and civic foundations.
Chikurachki, the highest peak on Paramushir, erupted most recently well like so um so um I mean well so you know on March 4, 2007, emitting a 1. 5 km um um I mean uh um okay uh so so um high plume of ash that trailed for several hundred kilometers into the neighboring waters.
The 10th Regiment, Royal Grenadiers was Called to Arms on uh like uh I mean uh um okay um okay uh 27 March 1885 and mobilized detachments for active you know you know well um like uh you know um um well service on 10 April 1885 which served with you know okay you know uh so I mean uh I mean uh like Middleton's column of the North West Field Force, until they returned from active service on 24 July 1885.
Scandium (III) oxide, Sc 2 O 3, or scandia, is I mean well I mean uh so so uh well I mean okay a high melting white solid used in high - temperature uh okay um like uh okay like I mean like um systems (for its resistance to heat and thermal shock), electronic ceramics, and glass composition (as a helper material).
Jean Tholix (born 06 February 1982 in Toamasina) is a Malagasy footballer, who currently plays for AS Adema.
This tail recursion can be efficiently compiled as a loop, okay I mean I mean uh I mean you know I mean so well uh but can't deal with infinite lists at so so um you know so you know I mean uh I mean um all -- it will recurse forever in an infinite loop.
Part III. ' It had twenty more pages of well okay um like I mean uh like uh well okay letters (numbered 89 - 109) and sold for 2 shillings and 6 pennies in British money.
Homer Stille Cummings (April 30, 1870 - September 10, 1956) was so well so um like um like I mean okay um a U. S. Political figure who most notably served I mean I mean well uh so well um um so you know as United States Attorney General from 1933 to 1939.
Also know across the parish as the 'Almost Capital so well uh so uh well um you know okay uh of the World' for always having an excuse on well uh you know um okay you know okay okay like you know their shortcomings, including the scarred state football trophy that they won by default.
It receives administrative support from the United Nations Sustainable okay like um um you know um I mean uh um you know Development Solutions Network and is chaired by Professor Jeffrey Sachs of Columbia University.
Visitors are required to be at least 18 years old, and a separate play area is available for minors while adults visit.
Both teams were in the bonus eight minutes into um so I mean well you know okay you know I mean okay um the second half, a feat unheard of in a championship game.
Ganga spends his days working with his mother as a like you know you know um you know uh uh you know uh so servant in the home of the zamindar's obnoxious family while Jumna, a promising student, focuses on his schoolwork.
They are yet to register a win, and um like okay I mean you know like well so I mean like some call the team the weakest football team in the world.
Misha'an al - Juburi is an Iraqi politician from the Sunni okay uh like like I mean like uh I mean okay okay Arab community, and member of Al - Arabiya Coalition He okay okay like uh well uh so so uh so also was the led of Reconciliation and Liberation Bloc, which well uh I mean I mean uh okay so you know I mean like held three seats in the Iraqi Council of Representatives from 2005 - 2010.
From grades one through four, Kaczynski attended Sherman Elementary you know like uh uh I mean you know like okay you know I mean School in Chicago, where administrators described him as 'healthy' and 'well like well well well so you know well you know you know I mean - adjusted', then attended grades five through eight at Evergreen Park Central School.
The monastery was provided with 2 utility buildings and like um like um you know so um okay uh so encompassed with a fence of brick; the complex has been finished with a bell tower for 6 bells.
Rolling Stone has praised his skills, comparing him to another famous Young in AC / DC's Angus Young.
There are many all - weather pitches throughout Milton okay well I mean uh uh I mean um like uh um Keyns - most of which are within school grounds, including the two pitches at Stantonbury.
VP - 6 deployed to NAS Agana, during this period the squadron aircraft visited numerous Southeast Asia countries.
These were initially issued 1, 3cm long barrel rifles so I mean okay okay okay like so I mean um you know firing solid shot, however proved to be fouling after 2 I mean well you know I mean uh so I mean so well I mean - 3 rounds and had recoil that was unsustainable by the mechanism or the rifleman.
This comedy drama is produced by Tidy, the I mean um so uh like well like you know okay well company she co-founded in 2008 with her husband David Peet, who is managing director.
The 'Investigations' series has less repetition of material from year uh I mean I mean okay so um you know I mean so you know to year, and more contexts that are designed to be engaging uh I mean um um you know I mean um okay I mean well to students as they make connections among uh you know okay well okay um well well like I mean mathematical topics and from mathematical topics to the world around them.
During the 2009 NRL season, the Newcastle head coach, you know uh you know so I mean okay uh uh like so Brian Smith was sacked, and then - assistant coach Stone so um okay like uh I mean um so well like was promoted to lead the Knights for the remainder of the season.
Vanunu was successfully abducted after being lured to okay so so well uh uh you know uh you know uh Rome and smuggled to Israel by sea, where he was tried and sentenced to 18 years in prison.
The current Sheriff of Davidson County, Daron Hall, is still elected uh you know well okay you know so you know well so I mean as is every other sheriff in the state, has recently added a new law enforcement division to his department.
In 1996 Jordy's parents divorced; he returned to school.
Toni Hyvärinen is a Finnish professional ice hockey player who currently plays for KalPa of the SM - liiga.
It has evolved into one of the area's busiest well like well well okay so uh well you know you know places to gather for programs and meetings, serving over 950, 000 well okay you know I mean like like well you know I mean I mean visitors in 2011, 335, 000 library cardholders, and over 6, 000, 000 items borrowed.
In June, 1862, it contained 449 men, reported 12 killed, 57 well so uh like well uh uh um uh um wounded, and 6 missing at Malvern Hill and 7 wounded during the Maryland Campaign.
Within hours of the discovery of Shepard tied okay I mean well well I mean you know okay okay um I mean to the fence, his friends Walt Boulden and Alex Trout began well so um okay like uh you know so like okay to contact media organizations claiming Shepard had been assaulted because he was gay.
Last Mountain was a former federal electoral district represented I mean so okay I mean like I mean I mean well well I mean in the Canadian House of Commons, and located in the province of Saskatchewan.
Exporting is not the only threat however; some local people I mean um uh you know well like you know okay you know well have reportedly made a habit of killing these like you know well okay I mean I mean okay like uh like spiders in a nearly systematic way using pesticides, pouring you know so like okay you know like so um so uh gasoline into burrows or simply killing migrating spiders on sight.
The 8th Battalion arrived in France in July 1915 as I mean uh so uh so so so so so you know part of the 57th Brigade in the 19th (Western) Division, and saw uh okay well I mean well well you know uh so I mean its first action the next year at La Boiselle during the Battle of Albert.
She died at her retirement home at age 115 uh okay uh I mean okay I mean uh uh so um and 42 days in Candé, Maine - et - Loire, having okay okay like so like like okay you know okay uh had no children, and was the last documented surviving person born in 1886.
He was named the seventh Bishop of Harrisburg on November um I mean uh you know well so um uh well I mean 10, 1983, and then the fourteenth Metropolitan Archbishop of Baltimore on April 11, 1989.
After Pinocchio accidentally sets Lorenzinis theatre on fire, Lorenzini changes career well uh um uh you know okay well okay so uh and begins luring unruly children to pleasure island, where they inevitably drink cursed water which turns them into donkeys.
The singer's laconic banter and corny jokes are also um um like okay uh uh uh so okay um on full display, but the album is most remarkable for like well so I mean um okay so well so so the intimacy of the performance, with Van Zandt taking the I mean I mean well so okay you know like uh okay okay stage alone and accompanying himself on guitar as he did thousands of times during his career.
This is a U. S. Federal law, but there is no you know uh so well I mean you know so like you know you know penalty for failure to comply with it and it I mean so so I mean so um you know you know well I mean is not widely enforced -- indeed, the U. S. Supreme Court has so um well so well I mean I mean like well you know ruled that punitive enforcement would conflict with the First Amendment right to freedom of speech.
In early October 2009 Detective Superintendent Simon Morgan was like okay okay well so like um like so um removed from the investigation, NO HE WAS NOT and like I mean um okay I mean okay I mean I mean okay so replaced by Detective Chief Inspector Colin Sutton - the officer like well like um okay well like um you know okay responsible for the operation which caught serial killer Levi Bellfield Daily Express, 16th November 2009.
He was born in Baltimore, Maryland and made his minor league debut in 1943.
It shows the girl growing up and always thinking so like well uh um uh okay like like um about and spending time with the creature (played by uh I mean well well so well I mean uh uh you know Chris Fleming) or imaginary friend, the video was filmed in Iceland and was directed by Richard Paris Wilson.
Between 1998 and 2004 Jackson was directly responsible for um I mean like I mean so um um uh like so the initial discovery of at least 19 shipwrecks so okay well well so okay I mean you know you know um in the South Pacific, including the Dutch dredger Kaptajn Nielsen, the USNS Dolphin Jackson, Trevor (2007).
NABI Bus, LLC (NABI) was a manufacturer of heavy - duty okay so you know so um so like um okay like transit buses from 31 - feet to 60 - I mean um well well um well um so okay um feet in length, which are sold to operators throughout the United States and Puerto Rico.
He competed at four World Junior Championships -- achieving his best I mean I mean um uh okay um so okay uh well result, sixth, in 2001 -- and at one senior international, the 2001 European Championships, where he placed 28th.
By the events portrayed in it is established that Ace has disappeared well so like so like I mean so uh you know uh somewhere in the Bermuda Triangle, and never appears in the film itself.
A second trip went back of Ugarrowwa's to collect more so um I mean so okay you know okay uh um okay equipment, meanwhile on 2 April Stanley returned to Lake Albert, this time with the 'Advance'.
The JMA reports that Severe Tropical Storm Dolphin, (27W, Ulysses), has weakened into a tropical storm.
Furthermore, separation of the reaction components from the starting you know well like well you know okay um um well well material is much simpler than with traditional organic solvents, merely uh I mean you know I mean um I mean like you know um like by allowing it to evaporate into the air or recycling it by condensation into a cold recovery vessel.
Beau Soleil is one of the most expensive like okay uh well well like well I mean you know okay schools in the world and represents one of the choices for the children of the Global elite.
Haxi was created by Aleksander Soender, Joonas Kirsebom and Robert um I mean I mean well um uh um well so I mean Daniel Nagy in October 2013 and by December 2013 the web service was launched in Stavanger, Norway.
Unlike Persian, which has lost almost all forms of I mean well so uh so uh okay well well I mean declensions, Pashto still inflects nouns into four grammatical cases: direct, oblique I, oblique II and vocative.
In 1865, a government surveyor Henry Cox returned from a okay so I mean uh well like uh um I mean I mean holiday retreat in England and named the town he so okay uh uh like okay well you know uh I mean surveyed after the seaport town of Cowes on the Isle of Wight, England.
In mathematical analysis, and applications in geometry, applied you know uh well uh so well well um like well mathematics, engineering, and natural sciences, a function of you know like like like uh I mean I mean well uh you know a real variable is a function whose domain is the uh like okay you know you know well uh okay I mean uh real numbers ℝ, more specifically the subset of ℝ for which the function is defined.
There are both direct and indirect benefits of doing you know I mean okay I mean well I mean uh uh you know um this; the potential predator may desist when it knows it um uh like okay so I mean you know like you know I mean has been detected and the conspecifics can take evasive action.
An accompanying music video, directed by Christopher Sims, portrays Ciara like like uh I mean you know so uh well like um in Malibu, California featuring a male actor who she is I mean so so so like well like so you know like in love with the video also portrays Ciara dancing on a roof top.
Fantastic beings crawl or leap here and there, and satyrs appear from every side and surround the brigands.
This law means that hundreds if not thousands of hours I well you know um well uh like uh so I mean um put into going to places and taking pictures of you know um like uh you know okay you know okay uh so monuments and such will be wasted. This law is destroying value me and others created.
While the American cities prospered, the vast migration from rural well you know uh like uh okay uh you know I mean uh areas and continued to neglect the US agriculture industry uh well well um uh like so I mean uh like created widespread financial despair among American farmers throughout the like uh I mean okay uh like well so okay well decade and would later be blamed as one of the key factors that led to the 1929 stock market crash.
Benjamin Goodrich was the first in Akron to own a um uh you know I mean I mean uh so um I mean like telephone, which was a gift from Alexander Graham Bell in 1877.
He grew up in Vallejo, in the Crestside neighborhood, you know well so uh like so you know you know uh so for the greater part of his life he attended Peoples High school in Vallejo.
State Route 3 Alternate (SR 3 Alt.) uses an like so okay you know uh I mean like uh so like older routing of US 19/SR 3 for between Thomasville and Meigs.
The film was a US box - office failure and like like okay you know so okay um like you know well many reviews, particularly those for Ball, were excessively brutal, the movie has 29 % on Rotten Tomatoes.
The Conservatives, led by Arthur Balfour, and Liberals, led by Herbert well well you know so so okay um you know okay I mean Asquith, could not break the deadlock produced in the January uh okay you know uh you know um so so like like general election, but the Liberals formed a government with the support of the Irish Nationalists.
Roslyn High School is located on Roslyn Road and Round Hill Road, and has students in grades nine through twelve.
He lost the title on January 24, 2015 to RJ City in for the title, but was defeated.
Alto was well - established as a settlement before 1900 uh I mean you know okay um like so you know uh you know. Farms and ranches speckled its canyons reinforcing the need for its very own post office.
LSSU finished second in the CCHA and in the well uh okay okay like uh I mean I mean I mean um 1989 NCAA Tournament they lost to eventual national champion Harvard in the quarterfinals.
As a child, she traveled extensively throughout Germany, Hungary and I mean uh okay I mean I mean I mean like you know uh um Switzerland and then settled in Germany for her university studies at the University of Berlin.
Mexican punk had more similar roots to that of 1970s uh uh you know um so um like um like okay based on the fact that marginalized minorities were begin to well like um you know you know um well well um uh participate and perform, it was during this time that bands such as Massacre 68 and Rebel'd began to emerge.
Van Gerbig had planned to have the team play in a like so I mean okay um so okay uh well you know new arena in San Francisco, but the arena never came to um you know you know well uh well like um well um fruition, and the Seals played in the Oakland - Alameda County Coliseum Arena (now known as Oracle Arena).
At the age of 12, Rodríguez Santiago saved well like so um so okay like um okay so his cousin from a dog attack and was badly uh uh so um um I mean okay well so okay wounded receiving severe bites which led to serious intestinal problems.
In Kottiyoor (Kerala), there are two shrines on either okay um um okay you know okay uh like so uh bank of the Vavali (Bavali) river; on the west I mean so well okay I mean so you know okay um like bank resides the 'Thruchherumana Vadakkeshwaram Temple' ( called 'Ikkare like well um uh like like like well uh uh Kottiyoor Temple' by natives ), which is a nalukettu temple complex.
In her interviews Soberano said she would like to pursue well well uh well uh okay like like so well a degree in Psychology course but in October 2016, she uh you know like okay so you know like um like uh confirms that will be studying at Southville International School affiliated with Foreign Universities taking up a course on business administration.
On 10 December, British forces declared martial law in like I mean you know like like uh so like um well counties Cork (including the city), Kerry, Limerick, and Tipperary, and um I mean like well well well okay well uh so imposing a military curfew on Cork city, which began at 10 PM each night.
He entered St John's College, Oxford at age 17 well I mean I mean I mean okay you know I mean I mean I mean so but found lectures 'awful', and left in 1978 uh I mean well like okay uh like I mean um okay without graduating to attend the California Institute of Technology, the so um uh uh I mean like well um um uh following year, where he received a PhD in particle physics at age 20.
Major General James Alex Grimsley, Jr. , United States Army you know like I mean you know so um like I mean uh I mean was named interim President of the Citadel, The Military College I mean um so okay I mean I mean um you know well like of South Carolina in August 1980 and then selected as I mean I mean uh uh um uh um so um uh the 16the President by unanimus vote of the Board of Visitors in December of that year.
However, in certain activities, such as the gathering of heavy um like so well well so like uh um like agave crowns, men helped, although the men's job is so so like well I mean I mean um well I mean I mean usually to hunt animals such as deer, buffalo, and small game.
Cooinda was acquired by Balgarnie and Martin at some time um okay so uh I mean um well I mean like okay prior to 1896, at this time it was running sheep.
In current studies it has been determined that epiphytic bacteria you know okay okay I mean well you know like so um well generally don't harm the plant, but promote the formation um I mean uh um well you know you know I mean uh um of ice crystals, and some produce an auxin hormone which promotes plant well well okay like you know like so uh I mean so growth and plays a role in the life cycle of the bacteria.
The Secretary General attends to the coordination of the well okay you know you know I mean you know uh well so uh activities of the UAI, follows the progress uh well so like I mean okay I mean okay uh you know of the various projects and supports the Bureau in so you know I mean so well I mean well well like um its handling of the correspondence and agenda of like well you know um um like well uh you know I mean the UAI and in the organization of annual sessions.
He was promoted the 14th of February 1807, Colonel of I mean uh well I mean I mean you know uh um okay so the 96th Infantry Regiment of the Grande Armée and made uh well like I mean like I mean okay you know um I mean officer of the Legion of Honor ( ' Officier de so well okay so um okay I mean uh um well la Légion d'Honneur' ) on the following 11th of July.
She was a nationally ranked competitive diver at Penn State okay I mean um I mean like okay uh uh um well and graduated in 1991 the creator and executive producer you know you know so uh um you know uh well um like of two design - centric TV shows in development for NBC prime time and GSN.
On October 2nd 2006 Eircom ceased providing wholesale services to um like you know okay um you know uh so I mean uh Smart Telecom, with the result that the majority well like well like okay so like so like so of Smart Telecom's customers could not make outgoing calls.
Khansaheb moves to the haweli with his daughter Zareena when you know you know um like I mean I mean uh you know well I mean they come to know that Panditji has left the state without informing anything to his daughter Uma.
The main characters of the series are Jim Hawkins and, later, his family and friends.
Additionally, on 11 September 2017, Nadal and Federer were ranked um so so I mean well uh um um I mean I mean No. 1 and No. 2, respectively, which was the first I mean you know so okay well so um so um I mean time since 20 March 2011 that they held the top two spots in the ATP rankings.
Marino Alfonso, better known as MAFONSO, is an uh you know um uh I mean I mean um well um um Italian painter and sculptor born in Frattaminore in the province of Naples on November 12, 1948.
The Sunol Regional Wilderness is a regional park in Alameda well like so like um I mean so well so well County, California, United States that was established in 1962 and is administered by the East Bay Regional Park District.
When released it was designed as two volumes, with only the second volume identifying the author of the text.
However, a few days prior to the servers shutting down uh like I mean okay well well well well you know I mean in May, Atlus made another annoucment stating that the servers would I mean okay like like like you know uh uh okay like stay up for the foreseeable future, provided user activity and interest remain constant.
The 2012 Copa Libertadores Finals was a two - legged football I mean I mean um like uh I mean uh I mean you know well fixture which took place on Wednesday, June 27 and um so you know well so okay okay uh I mean well July 4 between Boca Juniors of Argentina and Corinthians uh you know okay you know okay um like okay well um of Brazil at the 'La Bombonera' in Buenos Aires and Pacaembu in São Paulo.
Today, 41 species are known, in three genera: 'Agathis', 'Araucaria' and 'Wollemia', distributed largely in the Southern Hemisphere.
A three piece japanese jazzy pop band that are um well you know so okay um like I mean well okay signed to Sony Music Japan consisting of Yoshinori Satoh (lead vocals, I mean you know I mean you know uh okay like well you know okay guitar), Konosuke Osaka (keyboard, chorus vocals), and Kazuki Aida (drums, chorus vocals).
The mutineers were then given their back pay, but well um well okay well like um okay well so only after signing a sworn affidavit pledging their allegiance to okay um I mean um I mean so well you know I mean so Rome and to Africanus, and vowing that they would never mutiny again.
The Foundation's efforts are credited with bringing over 1000 New Orleans I mean well uh so like so like like I mean uh musicians back after Katrina, re-housing, creating employment for and acquiring well I mean you know like I mean so so okay um like over a quarter million dollars worth of top shelf instruments um uh uh I mean um um you know I mean like so to replace what they lost for New Orleans most beloved musicians.
The documentary is divided in 10 thematic episodes, each presenting so I mean like like so um you know uh like like a different aspect of education in the school context and outside of it.
The Broadway was the first anchor store to leave uh well I mean uh like so I mean well well you know the mall, closing its doors in 1993; this store was soon um like so so okay well I mean like well I mean demolished for a Wal - Mart store in 1995, which was expanded to a Supercenter in 2003.
He carried out brutal medical experiments on Nazi concentration um I mean um okay you know um um you know so I mean camp prisoners and due to his SS rank he was administratively responsible for all medical experiments conducted.
Instead of a banked oval track, a figure eight okay I mean I mean well okay you know like I mean okay um track was used where one side heavily banked, and included obstacles um um okay uh I mean well you know uh like like such as the 'Wall of Death' (which was you know like uh you know like uh you know okay so uh located on the heavily banked side) and the 'Jet Jump'.
Matej Andraz Vogrinčič (b. October 12, 1970, Ljubljana, Slovenia) um like um okay uh well so like okay like has been creating site - specific work in urban and natural environments since the early 1990s.
Dragon Day is an annual event at Cornell University that um I mean well um um you know well uh okay well occurs in March, often in the week before Spring Break, and of recent years, on the Thursday before St Patrick's Day.
He is increasingly known just as 'Sebald Beham'; there is no uh I mean like okay okay um I mean I mean I mean well documentary evidence for the name 'Hans', which seems to you know well you know I mean okay okay okay you know you know okay derive purely from the first letter of his monogram, which may have represented the second syllable of his surname.
There he married Sarah Winter and the couple had eight children together.
Referee Toby Irwin seemed oblivious to what was occurring and okay so uh okay okay um like so well uh by the time Irwin finally stopped the fight, Campbell collapsed to the canvas.
Zagreb's origins are ancient and have been influenced by legend so I mean I mean well I mean so um you know you know well due to the absence of manuscripts or sufficient archaeological finds from uh like so I mean like so I mean um um okay those times; however, Zagreb does have much recorded history, like so okay uh well so like okay um um displaying a continuity of urban settlement from the thirteenth century to the early 1900s.
The ballad is told from the perspective of okay you know so like so um so you know like so a soldier who has fought in many bloody battles okay okay I mean you know um like uh you know well I mean only to return home to England as a beggar asking a uh I mean so like like um um you know well um man to look kindly upon him and give him two shillings.
She graduated in modern history from the University of Florence so so well um well okay I mean uh um okay and writes predominantly on Israel and the Arab - Israeli you know you know um I mean um okay okay I mean you know well conflict, but also on European history, the Holocaust, anti-Semitism and monotheism.
ABS - CBN also used what is probably the so so uh well uh um like okay uh well biggest touch screen display ever used in a Philippine um um okay okay you know you know okay well so uh television show as well as a huge WAR (Wireless well I mean I mean like okay I mean you know uh so um Audience Response) room that is specifically designed for the election coverage.
The second Easter Cup in December that year was so I mean so okay so well so like well so hosted by El Salvador and saw Belize, Mexico and Costa Rica also take part.
He became a summon gem, and he aided Sora and his um like so uh so well I mean like I mean uh friends whenever they needed him, in the end the door to Kingdom Hearts was sealed and his world was restored.
MPO is a new file format defined for this camera, and is basically two JPEG files joined together.
As a child, he observed that Southerners were often depicted as being like you know well like uh okay um I mean so so less intelligent than other characters on scripted television; to avoid you know I mean you know I mean okay well uh so so well that stereotype, he taught himself to imitate the speech of American news anchors.
There is a spectacular gorge below Coedty reservoir, used by well I mean okay okay I mean well well so uh uh outdoor pursuit groups, but gorge walking can be dangerous I mean uh okay um uh uh you know okay uh I mean because of sudden releases of water from the reservoir which can occur.
The Lockheed Constellation ( 'Connie' ) is a uh like I mean you know I mean I mean I mean um I mean uh propeller - driven airliner built by Lockheed Corporation between 1943 and 1958 at its Burbank, California, facility.
The game is similar to other fighters but features um you know so um well you know I mean uh I mean um 3D environments and characters from the Z and GT series of 'Dragon Ball' franchise.
Streamripper was started in early 2000 as a way to separate tracks via Shoutcast's title - streaming feature.
Nicolazzi was born at Gattico, in the province of Novara, uh like so like uh uh okay well uh you know and during World War II fought against the German occupation of Italy in the Brigate Matteotti.
Argentina was the defending champion, but lost in the final to Brazil.
On november 9th, Žalgiris in Istambul, Turkey, continued you know so um you know like so um I mean you know I mean undefeated streak to 5 - 0 and defeated Anadolu Efes uh you know okay uh so you know like like like uh 77 - 64, and became undisputed leader of um like um I mean uh I mean like you know uh I mean group C. Marko popovič made history with 7/10 three pointers in game, and 5 in 3rd quarter.
The posterior pituitary gland consists mainly of neuronal you know um um like okay um okay uh like so projections (axons) extending from the supraoptic and paraventricular nuclei like so so I mean um so like well so so of the hypothalamus that secrete peptide hormones into the capillaries of the hypophyseal circulation.
A hundred and thirty - two books later, she is you know you know so well okay well okay um well well still writing and is often dubbed Australia's most popular children's writer.
The Illinois Lottery is a part of you know okay well okay so I mean um I mean so uh the Mega Millions multi-state lotto game, and features their own like so um like I mean I mean um okay so I mean Illinois Lotto (6 balls out of 52) with a so so you know well well uh like like well you know smaller seven / eight - digit jackpot with a Monday - Wednesday - Saturday night drawing schedule.
Evonix Technologies expertise in Website Design, Application Development and like you know so um like okay well uh you know uh Creative Designing in the most Creative and Innovative way. They uh well well okay okay like uh you know so like believe in doing things Differently and Thinking Out of the Box.
Higher Kings Mill is a paper mill which manufactures recycled coloured papers and boards.
Parke played for powerhouse youth club FC Delco, I mean so uh you know so well you know so you know uh and played four years of college soccer at Drexel University, um um um well um I mean well um okay um before being drafted by the MetroStars with 60th and last overall pick of the 2004 MLS SuperDraft.
They never warned Doe about the rape scheme despite her relationship well I mean you know like okay um I mean well okay okay to them as a ModelMayhem. Com member, they also had okay um so okay okay um okay like so like requisite knowledge to avoid future victimization of ModelMayhem. Com users you know uh like uh like I mean like like you know okay by warning users of online sexual predators and specifically the rape scheme by Flanders and Callum.
The colour of this fish is also variable and I mean um well uh um well okay uh you know like usually resembles the substrate, which makes it well - camouflaged you know okay um uh uh uh so um I mean so when stationary but more visible when it moves about, at okay so okay so so um you know well um uh which time it engages in characteristic short bursts of swimming activity.
She is also chair of the Joint Committee you know like I mean like um well you know I mean uh I mean on Federal Relations, a member of the like you know okay like um I mean you know uh I mean I mean Joint Committee on Welfare Reform, a member of the Joint uh okay um okay uh like so well well you know Advisory Committee on Legislative Data Systems, and chairs the County Affairs Committee for the Montgomery County Delegation.
Acharavi is a placement in the northern coast of Corfu, uh so well so like so I mean so well so Greece, that belongs to the former community of Agios Panteleimonas um so okay well okay I mean um like uh so ( pronounounced: ' Agios Padel'eimonas, greek: Άγιος Παντελέημονας ).
Charlottenborg Palace, located in Kongens Nytorv, Copenhagen, Denmark, is an exposition center and contains several of Denmark's cultural institutions.
In 1994, a campus located near Hillcroft and the Southwest Freeway well well okay I mean I mean um like I mean you know okay was purchased, and in 1999, the college became nationally uh so uh uh uh you know so well okay I mean accredited through the Accrediting Association of Bible Colleges (now the Association for Biblical Higher Education).
' Again Schwartz claims 100 % hits for Susy Smith, but nothing for his true grandmothers.
Cone snails are carnivorous, and predatory, hunting and I mean you know um uh like um you know um like I mean eating prey such as marine worms, small fish, mollusks, and even other cone snails.
Ramakrishnan Murthy was born on 22 December 1989 in Chennai, India.
He went to study music at the University of the like uh you know I mean uh well so like so I mean Pacific and graduated in 1928, continued his studies at the Eastman School so um you know so so uh um I mean uh okay of Music of Howard Hanson and completed his studies set in 1937.
It has a metal soundbox covered with snakeskin and I mean uh like so so um um I mean you know well a long fretless fingerboard, and is played while seated um I mean you know you know okay uh okay like um well in a chair, with the instrument held in a vertical or near - vertical position.
Coca - Cola was able to renegotiate their bottling contract well so well you know so uh okay um so I mean in 1921, but, in part due to the costs you know well I mean uh um uh like okay well um of rebranding, the price of Coca - Cola remained at five cents for over three more decades.
His first professional fight was against Billy Wilcox on um okay uh uh so well well um I mean well August 3, 1954 in Boston, Massachusetts and his last against I mean okay well uh like so well well like you know Willie Green on December 21, 1960 in Providence, Rhode Island.
Patrice was born to Augustine Motsepe, a schoolteacher turned well like I mean uh I mean well uh okay I mean uh small businessman, who owned a Spaza shop popular with black you know uh well you know you know so I mean you know um like mine workers, it was from there that Patrice Motsepe I mean um um um um like uh so you know so learnt basic business principles from his father as well as first hand exposure to mining.
He performs on a Carlo Ferdinando Landolfi made in Milan, Italy um well uh um I mean so like you know okay okay in 1790, generously on loan to him from the German I mean well uh uh like um uh um so so foundation Deutsche Stiftung Musikleben since he was named a well you know um okay uh um well well you know I mean prize winner in March 2006 at the 14th Deutscher Musikinstrumentenfond Music Competition in Hamburg, Germany.
On August 24th 2017, Xrated Couples was replaced with Television X Pay um I mean okay okay you know uh okay you know you know I mean - Per - Night on Sky and on the same like I mean well well I mean okay so uh so um day it was taken off of Virgin Media as well, within a week the channel was replaced with TVX Pornstars.
The rivalry erupted in Paregreg war (1404 - 1406), so I mean well um like uh you know well you know okay which was fought as the contest of succession between so well so uh like I mean like so okay okay Western court led by Wikramawardhana, against Eastern court led by Bhre Wirabhumi.
The Commonwealth Court of Conciliation and Arbitration is a defunct Australian court, which had jurisdiction to arbitrate interstate industrial disputes.
Skees, along with his Labrador and co-star 'Jake', prospect for gold well like so you know so well you know like okay okay in various locations in the U. S. , and you know well uh I mean uh okay like so um okay teach viewers to 'pan' or wash gold using a gold pan and other devices.
Although Angelou considered herself a playwright and poet when uh you know uh I mean you know um um um I mean well her editor Robert Loomis challenged her to write 'Caged um well okay uh so like like so uh okay Bird', she has been best known for her I mean you know uh uh so uh um well um um autobiographies, and many critics consider her autobiographies more important than her poetry.
While adolescents strive for their freedoms, the unknowns to parents well you know I mean uh well um you know like well like of what their child is doing on social media sites is well like uh I mean like like um uh you know I mean a challenging subject, due to the increasing amount of predators on social media sites.
Its worst - case time complexity is, but on uh well so like so like well uh like uh average its performance is or even depending on the I mean I mean like um uh okay like well like I mean random distribution on automata chosen to model the algorithm's average - case behavior.
Allott was educated at King James's School, Knaresborough and you know um so I mean okay so I mean um I mean well Harrogate College and became the youngest Mayor in the country in you know so you know um so I mean um I mean uh like 1985 at the age of 26 when he was elected as Mayor of Knaresborough.
Sunil Bharti Mittal (born 23 October 1957) is like uh um well I mean so I mean uh um I mean an Indian telecom mogul, philanthropist and the chairman and managing director of Bharti Enterprises.
Robert S. Huff (born September 9, 1953) is a U like so I mean um so so um uh well well. S. Politician, who is a Republican member of like I mean uh like you know uh well I mean um so the California State Senate, representing the 29th Senate District, which includes portions of Los Angeles, Orange, and San Bernardino counties.
All over the world hundreds of other authors have well okay you know uh you know you know so okay you know okay used the character, sometimes with great results -- for example, the like you know I mean I mean okay you know okay you know uh um Disney Studio artists that made comics directly for the European market.
Lee made his professional debut on the February okay well like I mean um you know um okay um I mean 22nd 2003 against Philly San at at okay uh okay well so okay I mean well so I mean Cage Rage 2, Lee lost by TKO in the second round.
Pair 9400 - 9401 was stored at the Corona like well um I mean well uh um okay um like Yard for preservation; however, the cars were never used and were scrapped on October 7, 2013.
As such, it is rightly described as a common I mean you know okay um well okay um you know well so symptom, and may even be the third most common trigger you know like um you know I mean I mean like um like well to seek dental care, (after tooth decay and gum disease), showing that patients place great importance on it.
Knowing the consequences, Nibbles attempts to stop Jerry from so so okay I mean um uh okay I mean I mean so doing so, but Jerry just pats him on okay uh well so I mean well okay I mean well um the head again, then blows his noisemaker and the um so I mean you know well well you know so okay well firecracker inside it explodes, giving him a blackface / sunflower appearance.
While working with the Lotus Advanced Technology Group in so okay so uh like you know well uh um well 1986, Pito Salas invented a next - generation spreadsheet like you know um okay like uh so so uh uh concept which was released by Lotus in 1989 as Lotus Improv.
Minute quantities of this pheromone can be used per acre um you know um okay um okay I mean uh well like of land to confuse male insects about the well you know so I mean um like uh well um you know location of their female partners, it can thus serve um uh uh like well okay like okay okay so as a lure in traps to effectively remove insects without spraying crops with large amounts of pesticides.
Within two days, the communists called for a truce; it was a okay like like well well so you know so well so shortlived Hmong Royalist military irregulars feigned an artillery bombardment of you know well uh you know like um um like well you know Pathet Lao headquarters at Khang Khay and PAVN headquarters at Ban Liang on 20 April as a distraction.
However, an interesting special case is a torque - free you know okay uh I mean um okay so I mean so uh resultant which it is useful both conceptually and so I mean okay like uh like uh so like uh practically, because the body moves without rotating as if it was a particle.
Murphy was only 19 years old when he was awarded the uh well so you know I mean okay like well uh I mean Medal of Honor for his actions at the Colmar Pocket you know I mean well okay well uh so you know you know okay and always maintained that his medals belonged to his entire military unit.
Two in Scotland, one in England and one in Wales, you know well like uh uh I mean I mean I mean uh I mean which is part of the military is you know I mean so uh you know well uh um you know um wholly Govenment funded and has primary responsibility for aircraft crashes well I mean um well I mean I mean okay like well well on high ground, but also responds to civilian calls for assistance with hikers and climbers.
The church's interior is decorated with marble and a well like I mean like okay uh I mean well like um staircase leads to a galleries section where the walls are adorned with inset frescoes and paintings.
The Afghan Whigs are an American rock band from Cincinnati, okay um okay like okay so well you know okay okay Ohio, originally active from 1986 to 2001, who have since reformed.
The pineapple ( 'Ananas comosus' ) is a okay um like like uh you know so you know uh well tropical plant with edible multiple fruit consisting of coalesced berries, you know like so you know okay I mean um like okay well and the most economically significant plant in the Bromeliaceae family.
The Science Olympiad Foundation (SOF) is an educational foundation and I mean I mean um uh okay uh like I mean like um a non-profit organisation based in New Delhi, so like well uh um okay you know like well I mean India which promotes science, mathematics, introductory computer education and English language skills amongst school children in India.
Goldsmith was offended and disgruntled that most of his material was re-recorded and left the band shortly thereafter.
I'm an undergraduate student contemplating Physics with interests in Physics, Philosophy, Mathematics, Realism.
Moisei (Moishe) Grigorevich Rafes (b. 1883, d. 1942) was a okay like okay um I mean so okay well okay okay prominent Ukrainian Bundist and after 1919 an official of the Bolshevik Party well um so so like so like um you know um until the victory of Stalin, when he was imprisoned.
The 1963 March on Washington was where Dr. Martin Luther so well like well um like well I mean you know so King, Jr. Gave his 'I Have a Dream' speech, one of the most famous speeches in American history.
Orit Rozin is an Israeli scholar; she is a professor of Jewish history at the University of Tel Aviv.
The line's complex and inspiring history is mirrored in its architectural I mean um um um like so okay you know you know like ensemble, particularly as it is one of the few places I mean like um like okay so so I mean uh uh that it is possible to see the best of Soviet pre-war Art Deco architecture.
The song's lyrics and music was written by Boby Burke and Horace Gerlach, and recorded by The Mills Brothers in 1950.
He would then awaken other passengers and manipulate those so I mean uh uh so you know like um uh um who were also depicted with Pandorum to the hold where they fought to the death and practice cannibalism.
He beats the doctor by switching his brain. Then well um well uh so well so um like well Jack goes to the Mayors courtyard to save the vampire brothers.
The fleur de lis in the lower left I mean uh um I mean I mean uh okay so like you know corner represents the lower right corner, a torch symbolizes striving like you know well okay I mean so okay so uh well for excellence while the book in the upper right corner represents learning in the fullest sense.
The Washington DC Veterans Adminstration Medical Center has a ConferenceBike so uh so well like you know um uh like um that was donated by Eric Staller's father, that is used by employees and Veterans as recreational and fundraising events.
The document was signed on 7 December 1944 in Chicago, um okay well so uh I mean you know like I mean um IL and has since been revised seven times (in 1959, 1963, 1969, 1975, 1980, 1997, and 2000).
In June 2003, Apple Inc. Announced 'iChat AV', a new like okay like you know okay uh I mean I mean so uh version of IChat, based on the industry - well you know you know so like I mean I mean like well you know standard Session Initiation Protocol (SIP) for video chat and audio chat.
Also in 1979, the group made headlines when, for the um um uh you know I mean well um uh you know okay first time, they rammed a whaling vessel, the notorious pirate whaling vessel 'Sierra'.
Multiple births are common and work well in commercial operations, uh I mean you know um you know I mean um uh okay okay including programs where rams are specifically used to sire lambs for slaughter.
Since 2005, she has been chair of the like uh um you know um well like you know I mean like Tate Members Council and became the first female Honorary Fellow of Jesus College in 2007.
In 2006, Slean teamed up with video director Nelson Chan ( 'Mary', like uh okay so okay I mean um well I mean so 'Day One' ) to create a three part short film like well you know uh so well um well well so 'Tales of the Baroness'; the first segment aired on 11 May 2007 on Bravo! .
Jung started her career as a VJ on Play TV in um I mean well you know I mean you know well well well so 2008, while studying for her BBA, but then moved to AAG TV in 2010 while her MBA.
A glider, (also known as a sailplane) is a airplane with uh so um okay you know like okay I mean like uh no power source, which is towed into the air and then 'glides' back to the ground.
A 2006 estimate by the International Organization for uh uh like um you know well you know well you know okay Migration suggests that between 10, 000 and 25, 000 Sudanese um you know so I mean well so uh um I mean well are living in London, whilst a fairly vague estimate so like okay I mean you know okay I mean you know well so of 3, 000 to 18, 000 has been placed in Brighton.
The new Decatur gym was necessary to house the like you know like you know so okay so uh I mean okay crowds packing in to watch legendary coach Gay Kintner chase okay like well okay uh you know okay okay so uh his fourth state title at the helm of the Stephen okay okay I mean um well I mean like so um you know Decatur basketball team, having guided the team to state championships in 1931, 1936, and 1945.
The film has only 24 minutes, and is about a I mean I mean uh like so okay I mean I mean like I mean young boy, who dies and then his favourite math teacher observes, I mean you know well uh um okay well okay I mean you know that he hardly knew him, he was only an unknown number on a class roll book, a 'cipher'.
'The Lucky One' is the third single from I mean I mean so well okay I mean you know uh like okay American country singer Faith Hill's album 'Fireflies' that was a Top 10 Country hit in 2006.
They rarely bathed, slept on concrete floors without uh well I mean like you know so so I mean I mean like blankets, and many were forced to defecate on the floor.
At the time, many people did not know I mean well okay I mean okay you know you know you know uh like their actual birth records; although it is not certain what occurred in this case.
It is the third largest city in the Eastern Province, like I mean like well you know okay okay like well well after Kenema and Koidu Town and lies just over 215 miles east of the nation's capital Freetown.
In Roman time, here was the crossing of two majer you know okay you know okay well um you know well uh you know roads, a fortifcation is said to have been at um uh uh I mean uh you know like uh so uh the place of 'Schloss Prugg' (castle of Duke Harrach).
Hopton himself was temporarily blinded the next day by an um like well uh like so I mean well I mean um exploding ammunition cart, which also left the army very short of gunpowder.
Rumer Glenn Willis (born August 16, 1988) is well you know like uh like you know you know um I mean um an American actress, singer and 'Dancing with the Stars' season 20 well you know uh uh well okay you know well like so winner, the oldest daughter of Bruce Willis and Demi Moore, and stepdaughter of Emma Heming.
On August 27, 1902, he married Miss Olive Knowles Hornbrook uh you know like uh uh like I mean I mean um uh who helped him with his work, acting as a skilled technician, um so like um okay um so so um you know and as an artist whose delicate watercolor drawings illustrated many of his scientific publications.
Stephanie is Belle's madame in series one: she was once a call girl like Belle herself.
In Sherwood Forest, the two find him tending to I mean you know you know uh uh I mean um I mean like uh a sickly Maid Marian who is pregnant and like I mean well uh okay so uh uh okay uh ill. Belle persuades Rumplestiltskin not to leave a child you know I mean well like okay okay okay well like um fatherless; the arrow purposely misses, leaving Robin Hood and Marian to flee.
After attending Dartmouth College, he became associated with the well like so you know like well well um so you know Bishop Museum and spent the next 60 years roaming the so you know you know so uh so I mean like um so Pacific, seeking out Polynesian settlement sites, excavating relics, and photographing petroglyphs.
Self taught in aircraft design, Clayton built five aircraft at his so I mean well you know so okay okay okay so so family farm between 1916 and 1926, including a Henderson powered high - wing.
He made his debut as a half - uh you know like uh um well like so you know you know time substitute for Luke Howell in a 2 -- 2 so uh I mean well uh like um like um like away draw with Exeter City on 8 March well uh you know you know like I mean uh okay you know uh 2014 before being recalled by Cambridge United on 4 April, before his loan was due to end.
Arriving at the coast the man goes to scavenge what like okay so you know so okay um um well I mean he can on a beached ship, leaving his I mean uh okay okay you know so well okay you know you know son to keep watch but the boy falls asleep and they are robbed of everything.
The name itself is a portmanteau of 'Gradius' and 'Parody' you know okay so uh so like like okay so so and, eponymously, the game is a parody of the 'Gradius' series of space - based horizontally - scrolling shooters.
The first edition of the dictionary was printed in 1940, but soon became out of print in 1958.
He is known for making a unique contribution to so I mean well well I mean well well okay well you know his family genealogy, through research into it's early origins, he claimed the title of Count.
Previously, he was the Financial Times 'U. S so so okay so uh so like like so you know. Managing Editor and before that, Editor of the FT's Continental okay you know uh um like well you know like I mean I mean European edition (2000 - 2002), during which he briefed US President well okay um so okay okay I mean you know okay uh George W. Bush ahead of his first trip to Europe.
The hindwing is in the apical half of the I mean I mean I mean well well I mean uh like you know uh cell and short apically truncate streaks in the interspaces you know you know uh um like I mean um so well like beyond white; these broad streaks broad are divided only by um I mean I mean you know okay you know I mean so well okay the black veins, followed by a subterminal curved series of crimson lunules irrorated with black scales.
On April 28, 2016, Harris Publications ceased operations and its magazine brands and trademarks were acquired by Athlon Media.
A hug is a form of physical intimacy, that usually involves uh I mean um uh okay well um uh so like closing or holding the arms around the neck, back, or like like uh uh okay um like uh okay like waist of another person; if more than two persons um well you know you know um you know well um well so are involved, this is referred to as a group hug.
They are hospitalized for months, and therefore, they can not continue okay uh like well you know you know uh like like okay their quest until Into The Gauntlet when they return and steal all of Bae Oh's clues.
Honey's natural sugars are dehydrated to prevent fermentation, with added you know you know um okay okay you know well um I mean well enzymes to modify and transform their chemical composition and pH well well uh you know I mean I mean so so um okay. Invertases and s into honey by a process of okay okay um you know you know I mean well um like um regurgitation, a number of times, until it is partially digested.
Jeffrey Guy Campbell (born October 2, 1962) is a you know uh um I mean so I mean like um so so former water polo player who won a silver medal okay I mean so well you know you know so um so you know for the United States at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.
She just merely detests driving into Halifax -- where uh you know like well uh like well I mean okay like her daughter and nominator Janis lives; she okay okay so uh um well you know so you know okay breaks down entirely on the highway, even going so like well I mean um okay I mean like okay like uh far as to stop on the highway in place when she is confused.
The original Serph manipulated Sera and his team for um I mean uh you know I mean okay like uh uh I mean his own ends while the original Heat attempted to well well well um like I mean well you know you know well protect her: when Sera saw Serph killing Heat while linked to the EGG, God felt her pain and attacked Earth.
Dr. Jane Hodgson, a Minneapolis gynecologist, challenged the uh well like so okay you know well I mean like like law, and the Eighth Circuit had ruled that the state so so like okay well well so um I mean uh would be unconstitutional without a judicial bypass, but that the bypass provision saved it.
EastWest Records wanted to showcase their new headline signing and you know like you know so I mean like well well so well they announced the release of Octopus in a high profile publicity campaign.
Scenes and studies of savage life', which appeared in 188 you know so um so you know you know um I mean well you know A. D. In 187 B. C he wrote 'Education of okay um uh like like well like so so like the Rural Poor' which argued for the extension of elementary education to all, including agricultural laborers.
The first truly native Neolithic culture was the okay you know like uh well like uh I mean you know like Funnelbeaker culture named after the shape of their so okay I mean you know well um uh like so you know typical clay vessels, which developed starting around 4400 BC and lasted some two thousand years.
Today there is little to no information regarding like okay okay you know so um I mean like I mean like possibly one of the greatest taxidermy firms in um uh so you know I mean well um I mean um like the world, apart from P. A. Morris' studies, the Van Ingen factory in Mysore, India lies derelict overgrown by the local jungle.
It is made of grated coconut, rice and jaggery, okay like um uh well well like okay so okay and cooked by wrapping and steaming in turmeric leaves. Konkani um okay so like well uh I mean well I mean like people prepare patolyos on the second Sunday of Shravan, on Nag Panchami and on Hartalika, the eve of Ganesh Chaturthi.
By 1295 CE Lohr had grown in size and importance and had become center of the County Rieneck.
Dagný Brynjarsdóttir (born 10 August 1991) is an Icelandic footballer who um okay like you know okay you know like uh like well plays for the Portland Thorns FC and the Iceland national team.
Williams was born in Lansdowne, Cape Town, South Africa well um well well like okay so so like okay and grew up in Mitchells Plain, the coloured township established under apartheid.
Bartlett Laffey (1841 - March 22, 1901) born so like okay um well okay um so you know okay in Ireland, he enlisted in the United States Navy like um I mean okay uh you know um well well like 17 March 1862 and was assigned to stern wheel gunboat 'Marmora'.
However, here she's said to have three kids, two cats and like well so okay okay like you know well uh um a mortgage making it inconsistent with Lucy's later appearance, uh okay you know you know well okay uh so so um in the Supergirl movie, where she's still a teenager.
In the pool house, Ryan asks Marissa what she wants I mean uh okay I mean uh I mean like you know well like to do for Valentine's, which is tomorrow... But Marissa can't plan that far ahead.
A remake of the 1922 Paramount silent film okay well um you know like um so uh so uh 'Ebb Tide', it was filmed again in 1947 as 'Adventure Island', produced by William H. Pine.
Artist friends followed him, including painter and illustrator Maxfield Parrish, okay like okay so okay you know you know well like okay who designed and built his estate, the Oaks, in the area, like you know you know I mean okay you know okay you know like I mean and the surrounding area became the center of the popular Cornish Art Colony.
'Massive Attack' is a song by Trinidadian well like um uh so I mean so you know um you know recording artist Nicki Minaj and American singer - songwriter Sean Garrett, for Minaj's debut album 'Pink Friday'.
The Act was repealed in 1962, but by this time, um like well I mean like um you know like well uh much of the language and traditions had been either I mean okay like so I mean you know well okay I mean I mean corrupted or lost, but a few kaumatua and kuia (elders) continued to orally communicate their knowledge through the generations.
In 'Chapterhouse Dune' (1985), Suipol is an acolyte chosen um so uh um like you know um okay okay like to serve and accompany Odrade on her so so you know well you know okay so okay so okay voyage with Tamalane and Dortujla to meet the Great I mean like you know like I mean well so well okay um Honored Matre Dama on Junction, as Miles Teg leads a force to attack Gammu.
Raheem Morris (born September 3, 1976) is the former head uh so well well you know um well uh so you know coach and defensive coordinator for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the National Football League.
The poor soils of New Caledonia promote a uh uh I mean you know like so um I mean okay okay restriction in large ground - dwelling prey, so Mekosuchus had specialized back teeth for cracking mollusk shells.
There is no clear evidence of other adverse effects from I mean like I mean I mean well like you know okay you know I mean water fluoridation because studies on adverse effects have been mostly of low quality.
He moved out of his parents' house, dropped out of so okay I mean okay so okay okay um well like high school, and began working as a gas station so you know well okay uh you know I mean like so I mean attendant; he also gained a lot of weight, at one point weighing 275 pounds.
Three days later, the monk Hyo - Jeon asked like um um like like um uh so okay okay for follow - up action to the president of the college um uh um uh um okay you know so okay like but Ilbe user didn't apologize his crime and kept insulting her.
Previously, there were two ferry crossings of Salhusfjorden, From um you know well okay like like well uh okay you know 7 July 1936, a ferry service ran between Isdalstø and Steinestø.
Designed by Ken Shuttleworth of MAKE Architects, it contains 135 okay so okay like okay well like so I mean so flats, of offices, shops, a hotel and a 'skyline' restaurant uh well uh so so uh um I mean uh well it is the final phase of The Mailbox development.
However, Francine and Hayley suddenly break out in laughter um well you know uh I mean I mean you know well so like and express complete amusement by the whole state of so so okay well well so you know well uh um affairs, though they also let Klaus know that they want the switch to be short - lived.
It was released as a Digital Download on 3 June you know so so well you know okay I mean well I mean uh 2010 and was released as the third and final okay I mean well you know uh so uh you know so like single from 'Sigh No More' in the United States on 7 June 2011.
The company was founded in 1859 by James you know well uh I mean um you know uh so uh I mean Greaves and George Cotton and incorporated in 1922 as a private limited company.
Clubs of Spain have won the UEFA Champions okay you know you know uh well um so like like uh League a record of 13 times and they are second well uh like like well you know well like you know like overall with 45 titles, including nine UEFA Super Cups, a record shared with the Italian clubs.
The comic was available through newsagents between 1983 and 1986, lasting so uh I mean um okay like I mean uh um um seven issues, and it filled an important role at the you know okay well well uh okay you know you know you know I mean time, giving new creators a chance to develop their skills and established artists a new platform for their talents.
His duets and collaborations both on stage and in the uh uh like okay um uh I mean so okay you know studio with other artists have been extensive and he has like uh okay um so so I mean um I mean you know worked with the likes of Brigitte Fontaine, Chris Isaak, like you know like so well like so well okay I mean Marianne Faithfull, Elli Medeiros, Astrud Gilberto, Vanessa Daou, the Swingle Singers, and more.
The former was one of the 48 constellations listed by well so you know I mean uh like um uh so like the 2nd century astronomer Ptolemy, while the latter was first depicted as Triangulus Antarcticus by Petrus Plancius in 1589.
Former daughter in law of Filip Hristić, Artemiza Hristić (née Joanides), uh okay okay uh uh you know uh I mean so well was the mother of son of King Milan Obrenović, um well well okay you know so well well uh okay George, who born out of wedlock and was adopted by Count Ziči.
Known as 'News 25 at Nine on My 59', the you know well well I mean uh um well so um so show can be seen for thirty minutes and competes uh I mean you know um well like I mean okay well well with another half - hour production airing at the same time on WYZZ (produced by CBS affiliate WMBD - TV).
Firstly there are two scenes devoted to Jesus' baptism, you know you know uh so I mean well okay um so so that in the nativity scene the statue of the baby Jesus so you know I mean um you know um like so I mean I mean shows him standing and there are three crosses like well well you know uh well so um so okay depicted with those bearing the two robbers being a part of the composition.
Most species are relatively large (typically at least) with some you know so I mean well uh I mean so like you know I mean of the largest, such as 'Lethocerus', exceeding, and nearly reaching the dimensions okay so well okay uh you know uh I mean I mean like (length and mass) of some of the larger beetles in the world.
In 1994 the Natural Heritage Trust of Henderson County you know um like like I mean so I mean well uh um was formed and a year later it was renamed uh uh okay you know okay I mean like so so like the Carolina Mountain Land Conservancy and has expanded you know so okay okay like so uh well okay you know its area of focus to include Transylvania and parts of Buncombe, Rutherford, Polk and Jackson Counties.
There is a St Kentigern's school and church in so you know okay like you know I mean um you know I mean so Blackpool, while in the Lake District village of Caldbeck I mean okay so like you know um so you know well okay there is a church and a well named after him.
It can also mean a range of vocational and um I mean okay so I mean you know so I mean um I mean academic courses which can be taken at various academic and like okay you know okay so uh you know well okay you know vocational levels from a subject discipline, Health and I mean uh so well I mean um okay so okay you know Social Care combines elements of sociology, biology, nutrition, law, and ethics.
In 2006, he and the Cavaliers negotiated a three - um you know uh well so well uh you know well so year, $ 60 million contract extension instead of the four year I mean I mean I mean okay you know okay I mean uh I mean okay maximum as it allotted him the option of seeking a new contract well uh okay uh well like well like well okay worth more money as an unrestricted free agent following the 2010 season.
In the summer of 1299, the Mongol army under the leadership like okay um so so so I mean I mean so well of Ghazan, a descendant of Genghis Khan, had again been uh like you know well uh so so um so I mean successful in briefly capturing Syria from the Mamluks okay uh like uh okay so you know you know well so at the Battle of Wadi al - Khazandar, on December 23 or 24, 1299.
To achieve this, Pelli employed cultural and architectural uh well uh okay okay um well okay okay like themes of the city, including Native American, art deco, and you know like well well well um um well so I mean contemporary styles, making heavy use of swirling circular elements in the exterior and interior designs of the building.
The instrument was owned by several, unknown bass players and like I mean uh um I mean like um uh you know um would have been lost when it nearly met well I mean I mean you know okay so uh like so um its end in the 1830s as it sat backstage in a marionette theater in Milan.
Southfort is an unincorporated community in DeSoto County, so like you know uh well like I mean so uh like Florida, United States, located approximately south of Fort Ogden on U. S. Route 17.
Australian Football is the official name for Australian like like I mean you know like I mean uh like well so rules football, the code of football played in the Australian Football League (AFL).
He received his Masters in Planning from the so okay so like um uh I mean I mean you know I mean University of Southern California in 1948, established his golf course I mean so you know okay I mean you know um like well well architecture practice in 1954, and continued working there for over fifty years.
Fernandes' parents immigrated Britain in the 1960s from Kenya and Mauritius, you know you know um I mean okay uh uh okay uh like her mother was a nurse and local councillor and her father worked for a housing association.
As Chinese students believe that American credentials can expand their career okay so you know okay uh um you know you know I mean you know opportunities these students expect that a degree from a prestigious uh you know you know uh you know you know uh um uh like college in the United States will give them an edge over others in searching for a job.
Since then, most neptunium has been and is still produced you know uh well um you know okay you know I mean um like by neutron irradiation of uranium in nuclear reactors and the you know okay uh so you know uh uh I mean okay well vast majority is generated as a by - product in conventional nuclear power reactors.
The British Royal Navy took her into service as HMS uh like well so you know okay I mean um uh I mean 'Rolla' and she served in Sir Home Riggs Popham's attack on Buenos Aires.
The 'Lady of Mann' was an exceedingly popular ship; when so so I mean well okay like like well well uh she came to be broken up enthusiasts wrote from all parts of Britain hoping to get souvenirs from her.
Benedict International Education Group, Inc. Was formed in 1928 uh okay okay so you know um you know so you know uh by Dr. Gaston Bénédict, a linguist and previous Professor well like so I mean I mean like I mean you know like you know at the University of Southern California, established his first school in Lausanne, Switzerland.
In its early stages, it can go unnoticed and painless with slight physical changes.
Operation Deep Water was a 1957 NATO naval exercise held in well you know um so well uh okay you know well um the Mediterranean Sea that also involved the first units I mean okay so uh well I mean uh okay well okay of the United States Marines Corps to participated in a uh um okay uh uh I mean like like like like helicopter - borne vertical envelopment operation during an overseas deployment.
In the 2007 film 'Ghost Rider', directed by okay okay okay you know like like so so well so Mark Steven Johnson and starring Nicolas Cage as Johnny Blaze / um like like you know so well okay like uh like Ghost Rider, Blackheart is portrayed by Wes Bentley as you know you know I mean um okay well like like okay like the main antagonist, alongside his father Mephisto (portrayed by Peter Fonda).
Winston Raymond Peters (born 11 April 1945) is a New like okay you know like I mean well like I mean well okay Zealand politician and leader of the populist New Zealand you know uh uh well uh uh like so okay I mean First party which he founded in 1993, and served well okay okay I mean um well like like I mean uh as the 13th deputy prime minister of New Zealand from 1996 to 1998.
The MCC were now 39/2, but Cowdrey came in and made so well well I mean um well okay so uh like the highest score of his career, his 307 beating Frank okay I mean um well you know uh well okay uh I mean Woolley's 305 not out against Tasmania in 1911 - 12 as the highest score by a tourist in Australia.
To the north of the statue was the location of the um um uh uh like okay I mean like I mean so bandstand demolished during the second world war, and as part uh okay like like I mean I mean I mean okay you know I mean of the park refurbishment the bandstand was rebuilt -- but on a larger scale.
The G. I. Loan responsible for building the caliph's palace, well like so like like well okay I mean well like fits another stereotype: that of Muslim men deriving their power through the support of the Western world.
Caligiuri's 2006 state senate victory was a rare bright spot for Connecticut's okay um so uh you know you know like uh so okay Republicans as the departing incumbent from the 16th District, Democrat Chris Murphy, ousted incumbent Republican Congresswoman Nancy Johnson.
At first, Gary doesn't believe him, but he soon realizes that the man is actually the devil.
In all the project would cost between $ 75 like so I mean well like um well like okay um million and $ 90 million, making it uh okay you know okay like like well like so so the largest current apartment development project in Greater South Baltimore.
After leaving the Black Panther Party for Self - Defense like uh you know you know like well you know okay you know okay and raising her daughter Erika, Brown worked on her memoirs, well so so um uh so um so um okay A Taste of Power, and eventually returned to the struggle for black liberation, especially espousing the need for radical prison reform.
But most of them speak the local Oromo, Harari or Somali um so I mean uh um like um okay um well languages. In Ethiopia, they are Usually known as Qallu.
Klein Bonaire, the small island in the sheltered lee of the you know so like you know okay okay okay like you know you know Bonaire, has the same geological history, and while Bonaire so like I mean okay um uh okay like you know um at least has some hills, Klein Bonaire's surface is pretty much level, just a few feet above high tide.
Keys gave birth to her second child, a son, on uh um uh okay I mean I mean I mean okay okay I mean December 27, 2014, and Keys performed at the BET Awards 2015 with The Weeknd.
Monks from Harnham regularly visit meditation groups in the okay um so uh uh like uh I mean so so North East of England and Scotland, in addition to a okay uh uh like um so I mean well you know uh lot of non-Buddhist groups and individual visitors, including school and university groups, are coming to the monastery to learn about Buddhism.
In 1980, he founded the music group Einstürzende Neubauten like so so okay you know you know so uh okay I mean ( 'Collapsing New Buildings' ); the first album he owned was by Pink Floyd.
The city was founded in the early 20th century, like um like like you know so okay well um like and since the 1980s has been continually enlarged by Egyptian so I mean I mean well you know uh well uh so I mean and foreign investors to become the leading seashore resort on the Red Sea.
Because of poor transportation connections with the rest of um uh uh um I mean uh uh um you know I mean Oregon, the early economic orientation of Lake County was toward California: okay like okay I mean okay uh you know uh well I mean both the 'San Francisco Chronicle' and the 'San Francisco Examiner' arrived in Lakeview daily, often before the 'The Oregonian'.
Meanwhile, Glorificus, a hell - goddess who was exiled from well like uh you know well um like uh you know you know her dimension after a war, has been freed from her human form, known as Ben.
The Museum of Croydon is a museum located okay okay I mean well so like I mean um you know okay inside the Croydon Clocktower arts facility in Central Croydon, London, England.
The idea behind the high class health care institution in uh uh you know I mean I mean um so um uh like Pakistan was conceived in New York, USA in the mid um so so okay you know like so okay like okay of 1985. After consistent discussions and meet ups, the present like well okay like so so um okay you know so site in the capital city of Islamabad was selected for this project.
Roland the Farter was a medieval flatulist who like well well um like so um like like you know held Hemingstone manor in Suffolk and 30 acres of um I mean uh okay uh like okay um I mean well land in return for performing as a jester for the king.
The plantation also had a 24 foot, one room business you know I mean uh well so I mean I mean you know you know um office with several windows and a fireplace used by so okay um like uh um I mean you know so like Dr. This also served as a hospital for the sick and wounded Confederate soldiers.
Another similar archway with similar architecture was you know okay like like you know so okay well like like built in Ta' Xbiex, also back then part of Sliema, um uh you know I mean you know um like um I mean um by the same Testaferrata family but was demolished in 1989 like so okay um you know uh you know uh so like and the exact location it stood is unknown but was in the parameters of Brockdorff Street.
The Eustis Lake Region was first published on I mean like you know um okay like uh well okay you know October 23, 1884, starting out as a weekly newspaper, after well uh well you know well um okay well um well the paper was acquired by Ansil Daniel Miller joined the Associated News Service it became a daily.
A former U. S. Senate Aide, Rooney currently teaches like uh okay so um um like well you know well at DePaul University, and lives in Chicago with her husband, the writer Martin Seay.
Armfelt wrote to Rudenschöld, who wanted him back as her I mean I mean so you know like uh you know like um you know lover, and used her as a messenger, asking her you know well so like like well so you know uh well to make contact with his followers, the young King and with the Russian embassy.
Sections of the press thought he should remain like well okay like um well okay so um so England captain, but he was replaced as Test captain by you know so okay well like okay like you know well you know Jardine, who was not a popular choice; the selectors chose I mean like like um you know well okay you know okay so Jardine to exercise more discipline on the team than Chapman had done.
His father, a former semi-pro soccer player, is from Haiti whilst so okay like so like I mean okay um you know well his mother is of Greek heritage through her grandfather Louis, you know well okay I mean like so like um uh well who immigrated to the U. S. From Agia Sotira, Greece in 1949.
The term is used more and more in the feed industry okay uh like like okay so well um okay I mean where it refers to a healthy balance of the micro-flora in the gastrointestinal tract.
Resiliency is distinguished from recovery as the 'ability to maintain so okay okay like I mean okay uh so so you know a stable equilibrium' which is conducive to balance, harmony, and recovery.
With the war with france looming Truxtun was appointed um uh um I mean okay um okay okay uh you know captain in the newly formed U. S. Navy in um well like I mean okay uh I mean okay like well 1794, and during the Quasi-War with France was in command of the USS 'Constellation'.
Lamballe (, Gallo: 'Lanball' ) is a town I mean well like um okay so um like you know uh and commune of north - western France, in the 'département' well I mean well you know like uh you know um so well of Côtes - d'Armor, on the Gouessant 13 miles ESE of Saint - Brieuc by rail.
Tell al - Rimah is located in Nineveh Province (Iraq), okay like uh I mean um um okay uh okay like roughly west of Mosul and ancient Nineveh in the Sinjar region.
The University of Kansas Medical Center features three schools: the School well I mean like you know so okay uh okay I mean I mean of Medicine, School of Nursing, and School of Health I mean so you know like I mean well you know well like okay Professions that each has its own programs of graduate study.
Like other Farnese family building projects, the palace imposes its uh uh uh um so um like um like um presence on its surroundings in an expression of the family's you know um I mean uh like like okay well um like power and wealth and his Villa Farnese at Caprarola has a similar presence.
It is based on the comic book character of uh uh you know you know well like um so well um the same title created by Len Wein and Carmine Infantino, which will premier on Fox on January 17, 2010.
This type of structure is common in econometric models. It okay well so like I mean I mean um I mean um so can be also carried out with the Durbin Watson test.
Since their pioneering use by Lotte Reiniger in silent okay so you know uh well well like well so so films, silhouettes have been used to dramatic effect in many movies, including uh uh um uh okay um um okay like well many of the opening credit sequences of the James Bond films.
Both the construction sector along with the wholesale and like okay well well uh you know um so you know like retail trade sector have 13 % of the population working within you know okay I mean okay like so you know um I mean you know each which, so these three industries account for a high proportion of Great Bolas' employment structure.
Mr. Parsons, his wife Gloria, and his son Roger were well you know uh uh um I mean I mean uh like so all aboard the balloon; the two adults died when I mean you know well like okay like I mean like well so the balloon crashed in a sparsely - populated area of the Western United States, while the baby miraculously survived.
The 22 room Edwardian residence was designed by okay uh uh well well you know like uh so okay Charles Tilleard Natusch and built by Russell and Bignell in like okay um you know I mean so well you know well um 1906 at a cost of £ 4, 566 for G. Frank Moore, a cattle and racehorse breeder.
In the sixth issue, Batman uses a gun I mean well um uh well so um um I mean uh loaded with a special 'god - killing' bullet (the kind that you know okay uh so um you know uh well like I mean was used to kill Orion) to slay like um okay I mean you know um um I mean um I mean Darkseid, whether or not the bullet killed Turpin or just the Darkseid entity remains to be seen.
Although she had an affair with art dealer Heinz Berggruen so like I mean I mean you know uh okay okay um I mean whom she met in the city, she and Rivera I mean so so um well um I mean like well well reconciled and re-married in a simple civil ceremony on December 8, 1940.
Bash is a Unix shell written by Brian Fox for the GNU Project.
Larry's father, Joe (Dan Hedaya), sees Suzanne lying about Larry on okay okay um uh like I mean uh okay well um television, is enraged, and uses his Mafia connections to have her murdered.
The screenplay by Don Ettlinger and Karl Tunberg is okay um like um I mean like like um um like loosely based on Kate Douglas Wiggin's 'Rebecca of Sunnybrook you know uh well um okay I mean you know um um um Farm' and tells the story of a talented orphan's trials okay you know so so well okay I mean so um like and tribulations after winning a radio audition to represent a breakfast cereal.
Current Super Graduate Champion is Trevor Newman, also Caterham Academy um I mean okay I mean so okay so so like like Group 1 Champion in 2005, and runner up like so well okay like so uh uh um I mean in Super Graduates in 2006 and Classic Graduates in 2007.
Lucifer's Call', is a post-apocalyptic role - playing video um you know like okay like uh you know you know um you know game for the PlayStation 2 developed by Atlus, published by Atlus in Japan and North American, and by Ghostlight in Europe.
Mt Laguna is a small town east of San you know well so like well I mean I mean uh okay I mean Diego located on Laguna Mountain and is located in the middle of Cleveland National Forest.
Lester Jenkins is the husband of you know you know so so like well uh I mean like uh Mary Jenkins and father of Brenda Jenkins, and the so I mean um okay uh um uh you know so you know entire Jenkins' clan lives in a Washington, D. C well okay uh you know so uh okay I mean you know so. Apartment building, although it was not confirmed in the entire series run.
Prior to the start of the 2009 season with so okay so I mean um I mean uh well well you know the Bayhawks, Hubbard suffered a back injury and was you know you know I mean uh I mean well um um you know I mean unable to play the 2009 season and has not played in the MLL since.
In February 1944, the 2/48th was withdrawn back to well okay like you know so like so I mean you know uh Australia along with the 9th Division, landing in uh well well well well so I mean uh like I mean Brisbane on 20 February, making camp at Kalinga before so well okay so like so I mean so um so personnel marched out for a long period of home leave.
Once they reach the fountain, Koura's youth is um you know so like I mean um you know like well like restored and he becomes invisible ( the 'cloak of darkness' ).
According to Jonathan Balcombe, Sherwin challenged the traditional you know like uh well you know I mean uh uh okay okay view of the insect as a 'spineless, pre-programmed automaton', suggesting that okay well um you know you know you know like I mean okay okay insects had preferences, habits, and memories, and could experience 'negative mental states'.
During the Western Han Dynasty (206 - 24 B. C) I mean I mean so uh you know I mean like uh so um. Emporer Jing established an administration in Dangyang on an areas you know you know well okay uh you know um um so well of 2000 square km. In 1988 the State Council elevated this from a county to a municipality.
When she found out that Namor was in love with I mean you know you know like like so I mean uh um okay Susan Storm, she tried to kill her, but Namor saved her and took her to a hospital.
Thai amulets is a kind of Thai Buddhist blessed items, which I mean well um well you know well you know I mean like I mean is originated, used for raising fund in order to help donate to the temple producing the amulets.
The season marks the debut of Arnold Schwarzenegger -- I mean so I mean um so you know you know okay you know you know actor and former Governor of California as host; the show's okay like well okay well uh okay uh so well former host, Donald Trump, stated he opted to leave 'out of respect' while he was focusing on his presidential campaign.
There they met up with Captain Archibald Gillespie of the okay so like uh um uh so well so like U. S. Marines, who had recently been driven out I mean you know uh okay so um okay so well you know of Los Angeles, brought a message from Stockton and along okay um like so you know like you know I mean like uh with his small force of 36 men and a small howitzer.
Carnaval music is often a song written especially for the occasion and is easy to dance to.
This runestone was carved by runemaster Öpir, who was well so like well well so um like like well active in the late 11th and early 12th centuries, and is uh you know um I mean well well well okay um okay classified as being in runestone style Pr4, also known as late Urnes style.
Mrs. August Belmont, as she thereafter was known, joined okay like um like like okay okay you know so I mean the Metropolitan Opera's Board of Directors in 1933, founded the so so I mean I mean uh okay you know so um like Metropolitan Opera Guild in 1935 and the National Council of the Metropolitan Opera in 1952.
The island has working coast artillery guns on okay you know okay um I mean you know well okay you know so it but unbeknowst to the authorities, the convicts can not okay uh um like okay I mean like okay like um access the shells that are locked away in the fort.
Some, such as Heathrow Airport in the United Kingdom, are very okay well like so I mean well okay uh uh I mean large; others such as Fa'a'ā International Airport in Tahiti, are quite small.
William Henry Miles (1828 - 1892) was a uh uh okay okay you know you know well um like well founder and the first senior bishop of the Colored you know like well well I mean well you know um so um Methodist Episcopal Church in America, a Methodist denomination formed in you know you know well um um like you know okay I mean so 1870 to serve African American Methodists in the American South.
He converted to Christianity from Islam in 1998 and took the name Beshoy after an Egyptian monk.
This election also saw the decrease in the number you know okay you know um um like I mean I mean um um of seats controlled by the centre - right opposition bloc; it shrank from 133 to 111 deputies.
Roses are a favored subject in art and appear um um um I mean like well uh so like like in portraits, illustrations, on stamps, as ornaments or as architectural elements.
Each retirement village has a centrepiece building containing the okay so I mean uh like you know like okay uh well Audley Club, housing facilities such as treatment rooms, swimming pool and relaxation areas, a restaurant and bar bistro, library and lounge.
Hannah applies make - up to Melissa, who I mean so you know uh I mean uh well I mean uh well being so weak can't open the lip gloss; uh uh like so I mean I mean I mean um um like in a montage of clips showing the wires, drips, Melissa's uh you know like like um okay I mean so so uh bones sticking out, etc. , and Hannah's family looking for answers back at her home.
Robert Muse Bass is an American billionaire worth approximately $ 5. 5 billion as of 2007.
Bartram was released from his contact and was replaced by like so uh well uh I mean okay um okay so Lockie, and his team started the 1960 -- 61 well well like you know so um I mean I mean well like season well and were in the top four by mid November 1960.
Claiford A. Arao, also known as Ford Arao, is a uh okay like uh uh you know so I mean okay you know Filipino professional basketball player who currently plays for the SCTEX Road Warriors of the Pilipinas Commercial Basketball League.
The word 'Burdock' was collected as a geographic place name between um you know I mean like uh like well well um okay 1976 and 1981 and assigned a GNIS code befitting a non-census - designated and non-incorporated place.
But He was not awarded as Best Actor of like like uh okay well uh um well okay okay the year for this film due to favoritism by Nigar Award Jury.
From the 1880s until 1915 up to 2 million Jews um I mean like uh okay so you know you know I mean okay left Eastern Europe which at the time about three quarters of its Jewish population lived in a shtetl.
Agriculture is the main income source. We depend mostly on ground Water.
Riverview is a hamlet in central Alberta in St. Paul County, located east of Highway 41, northwest of Lloydminster.
Kaikeyi, who was acting as Dasaratha's charioteer quickly drove okay like I mean um um you know um um uh well the chariot away from the battle field and nursed the wounded King back to health.
'Oxford Dictionary of National Biography;' Abraham, Sir Edward Penley 'Shortly well you know okay uh um well like like so okay after the team published its first results in 1940, I mean okay I mean okay so um so uh okay you know Fleming telephoned Howard Florey, Chain's head of department, to say uh you know okay like so you know well you know um um that he would be visiting within the next few days.
Burckle Crater is likely very large scale comet or meteorite impact uh you know um I mean okay you know I mean you know you know um event located in between or to the east of like you know well um so um you know well uh well Madagascar and west of Western Australia in the southern Indian ocean.
In his paper, Smith describes the technique of induced um like um like like you know well so I mean so values, the method used in controlled laboratory experiments in economics, political science, and psychology.
His 'Occasional Issues of Unique and Very Rare Books' (1875 you know like you know okay uh you know so uh um um - 1881) included among other things the 'Annalia Dubrensia' of Robert Dover.
In 1915, he graduated from Lincoln University located in Pennsylvania with a Bachelor's degree, Guthrie, R. V. (1998).
He was eighteen years old when his father okay like well well well like um like um you know died, and so a regency was appointed that ruled in his name for the next nine years.
On leaving school he was apprenticed to learn book okay you know okay I mean okay you know okay I mean okay uh - keeping, conveyancing and practical farming, but soon disgraced himself um I mean you know okay you know so uh so uh well and was sent to Amsterdam to work in a merchant's office.
The generic name refers to Xuanhan County in you know so uh okay so like okay you know okay well Sichuan, while the specific name is derived from the town of Qilixia.
It was Fox who bought and provided land and the I mean okay okay um well so so um so uh cemetery although it is now officially called 'St Mary's Rest Garden 'is is still known locally as' Foxes Close'.
He graduated from Cassopolis High School, Cassopolis, Michigan in 1964 and okay I mean like like I mean um so like so you know entered Michigan State University, where he was editor - in - chief of campus daily newspaper 'The State News'.
The Palace of Seyid Mirbabayev is a palace you know okay like well um um okay um uh uh owned by Seyid Mirbabayev, who lives in Baku, Azneft Square, uh like uh um well like so I mean um uh Niyazi Street 1 and is one of the oil millionaires of Azerbaijan.
Power door locks were introduced on the luxury so like uh um like I mean so well I mean okay Packard in 1956; nearly every car model offers this feature as at least optional equipment.
The metal is extracted from its principal mineral so well uh like like uh I mean okay uh well ores by the Kroll and Hunter process es. The most um you know so like okay so so uh um you know common compound, titanium dioxide, is a popular photocatalyst and is used in the manufacture of white pigments.
Mason sees his chance to escape custody and disarms Goodspeed, uh well I mean like like okay you know I mean like so but Goodspeed convinces him to help defuse the rockets, since Mason's daughter is also at risk from them.
Antony Barrington Brown FRPS (13 July 1927 -- 24 January uh well so like okay okay um I mean like like 2012) was a designer, photographer, and explorer, a Fellow of the Royal Photographic Society.
Omar reminds Bunk that he helped him by finding a well well so you know you know okay you know okay well like police service weapon for him yet Bunk remains skeptical of Omar's claims of innocence.
Ps. Plutarchos, strom. 2, fr. 179 Sandbach The first okay um so um okay you know like so uh so animals were born in the water, by the influence of okay like I mean uh like so I mean okay you know like the sun. Aetios V 19, 4 The human I mean you know I mean so like I mean like so uh uh being was supposed by Anaximander to have sprung from some other animal, which at the beginning was similar to a fish.
Wooster married the daughter of Thomas Cap, president of Yale College (David 1).
However the other famous church is the protest church uh okay like okay you know well um like like okay named 'Iglesia de Piedra' (Church of Stone) because of its design, the whole church is made completely out of stone.
The play began its Broadway premiere at the Gerald Schoenfeld so uh um you know you know so I mean you know uh you know Theatre on August 28, 2014 (in previews) and officially on um okay uh okay well uh you know I mean well um October 9, 2014 in a limited 18 - week engagement, through January 4, 2015.
She was appointed Reader in AMU in 1964 the Department you know so well well like so so so I mean uh of English and continued there, in 1983 became a Professor of English, and retired in 1988.
Potassium carbonate, Potassium sulfate, Potassium sulfide, Sulfur, Potassium nitrate, I mean uh so like um you know okay like so okay Potassium thiocyanate, Carbon, Ammonium carbonatefgeq, Hydrogen, Methane, 1. 11 % water.
The boat is close hauled, with the sail set well like um um uh you know I mean I mean um um at, for example, 15 ° relative to the apparent wind, well so okay so um you know okay so um well the effect of depression on the leeward side comes into play.
This Curation Toolbar is available to editors for any page well well so okay you know uh uh uh like so listed in the, and can be used as well as or instead of it.
Alunogen also called feather alum and hair salt is a you know so you know like well well so like so you know colourless to white (although often coloured by well okay you know um well you know like I mean well I mean impurities, like iron substituting for aluminum) fibrous to uh okay so like okay uh well uh I mean so needle - like aluminium sulfate mineral often found on like like so uh so so so you know uh I mean the walls of mines and quarries as secondary mineral.
Its first parade was held May 5, you know I mean like um well well um well so you know 1868, and the town has held it every year you know uh I mean okay um well so uh you know well since; however, the Memorial Day parade in Doylestown, Pennsylvania, predates Ironton's by one year.
Robert G. Hoyland, Arabia and the Arabs p. 55 um you know like well so I mean I mean um uh you know A reportedly cruel ruler; he had great pride of so um like so okay um I mean you know okay I mean himself and used to burn whoever opposes him uh so uh you know like I mean so I mean well well with fire, he was assassinated in 569 or 570 by the poet' Amr ibn Kulthum.
Fungi, such as 'Coccidioides immitis', also possess degradative chitinases well well um okay so so like you know okay you know related to their role as detritivores and also to their potential as arthropod pathogens.
The river begins as the Agra Oya, in the you know um well uh uh okay you know okay I mean okay Horton Plains in the Central Highlands which have well um so well okay like like you know well like an annual rainfall of between 125 and 200 inches a year.
In 2009, the hiring of two independent organizations reviewed I mean uh well well like um I mean uh so well BART's policies and procedures in the process of overseeing the okay you know uh uh like you know so uh like you know BART Police which investigated the matters of BART Police Shooting of Oscar Grant.
In 2002, they were named the top 'One you know I mean I mean like so uh uh okay I mean so Life to Live' all - time romantic couple by okay um you know okay so I mean I mean so I mean okay magazine 'Soaps In Depth', and are one of the most avidly watched supercouples.
Islam began in Asia in the 7th century during you know like so you know um uh I mean I mean like um the life of its prophet Muhammad (SallaAllaho Allayhi Wasalaam) um like okay so okay well uh uh you know you know number of adherents of Islam has lived in Asia uh uh uh like um well uh like I mean so and specially South and Middle - east Asia since the beginning of Islamic history.
There are dozens puzzles to solve that open approximately 50 I mean uh like okay uh like well like you know uh locked doors, all are needed to find a way off the island.
Taylor Henderson, the runner - up of the well I mean I mean okay okay okay um well um okay fifth series of 'The X Factor Australia', covered it in like uh well so you know like uh okay like okay his debut self - titled album through Sony Music Australia on 29 November 2013.
He won the silver medal in the high jump behind um well well well like like so uh I mean okay Irving Baxter of the United States, and the bronze like um I mean you know okay uh okay so okay okay medal in the long jump behind Alvin um I mean like I mean like okay well you know like you know Kraenzlein and Myer Prinstein, he also finished fourth place in you know um um well so like you know uh so you know the triple jumps behind Prinstein, James Connolly and Lewis Sheldon.
The ship was driven ashore at Gibraltar whilst on a voyage from London to Malta.
Race Struggles edited by Theodore Koditschek, Sundiata Keita Cha like I mean like I mean you know um like like well uh - Jua, Helen A. Neville Page 211 - 226 you know okay I mean so I mean well you know um you know um The Committee for the Protection of the Foreign um like I mean like like okay like you know well so Born aided in securing the right of a number of you know you know like so uh like well okay I mean okay Japanese Communist deportees to be sent to the Soviet Union.
It is tied for the 9th longest streak in like uh um so okay so well well uh well Division 1 College Football History; only 13 other teams have won more straight games.
If 1950 DA continues on its present orbit, like you know I mean I mean so you know like okay I mean so it may approach Earth on March 16, 2880, though I mean well like um like okay you know you know like you know the mean trajectory passes many millions of kilometers from Earth, well uh you know uh um um you know uh like well so 1950 DA does not have a significant chance of impacting Earth.
Through all these changes, the characters have remained popular; well um I mean like like okay so you know well well the books sell more than a million copies like okay uh you know like I mean like you know so like annually, several new volumes are published each year, and the boys' adventures have been translated into more than 25 languages.
Do you know what it means not to know what so like uh like well like okay uh you know so to do? ' Graham was ultimately convicted while the I mean like I mean like like like uh um so you know informant was immediately released from jail and her sentence commuted to time served.
This began a pattern of speculative ventures that he ran I mean well uh so I mean okay okay uh you know well alongside regular employment which he later described as 'drifting into theatrical work'.
Tecpán is sometimes called the 'first' capital because it was so I mean so like okay okay I mean uh you know I mean the first permanent Spanish military center, but the Spaniards soon like I mean I mean I mean so so I mean like um okay abandoned it due to Kaqchikel attacks that made defense of the city untenable.
We discussed the issues on the talk pages first, tried I mean um um um um you know uh I mean okay well BRD, and another editor attempted a partial rollback, and an um like I mean well like you know I mean uh I mean you know RfC, then when that didn't work, we worked on draft material so uh well you know um okay uh like like like in my user space for use in other possible future actions.
Everyone watches a television showing a high - speed um so I mean um um uh so you know I mean okay chase approaching the Burbank, California shopping center, which ultimately ends like so like well okay uh okay well you know you know with the fugitive crashing his car through the Buy More front doors.
The Dunnville Terriers are a Junior 'C' team based in Dunnville, Ontario, playing in the Niagara Junior C Hockey League.
The units facing either south or west have terraces or balconies overlooking grasses and trees on the condo's lower green roof.
The games sold over 60, 000 copies by February, but by April the games sold over 100, 000 copies.
Currently, Ms. Fier is a writer / producer for FM so okay you know like well okay I mean well um you know Productions and lives with her husband and two children in suburban New York.
His daughter Martha married George Corson (1803 - 1860) in you know so um okay okay uh well like you know like 1832, and following Maulsby's death, the couple purchased the farm and quarry from his estate in 1839.
Palladio Film is an International production company based in Cologne I mean I mean you know like um so well uh you know you know and London that specializes in feature films and documentaries.
Adjacent to Lanikai Beach is a primarily upper - class like um you know okay so uh okay like like so residential area, becasue of this it is only accessible through public access paths.
Samantha Bond (born 27 November 1961) is an I mean like so I mean like uh okay so okay you know English actress, best known for her role as Miss okay I mean uh I mean uh like okay um okay I mean Moneypenny in the James Bond films during the Pierce Brosnan years.
G - Star's flagship store is located in New York okay uh uh so uh well uh uh okay okay City, United States; however, the brand is far more famous in um so you know I mean so okay okay like well so the Netherlands, Germany, the United Kingdom, Spain, and other European countries.
In 1893 he took his family with him to you know well uh I mean you know you know you know so uh um the mines at Burjassot near Valencia, returning the next year to Madrid to help Juana Nessi, whose husband had just died.
The city is the site of Abu Ghraib prison which was okay okay so you know um uh uh uh um I mean the site of abuse and executions of political dissidents under okay like so I mean so so uh like uh you know Saddam Hussein and the torture and abuse of prisoners um um I mean um you know so okay like okay you know by members of the United States Army Reserve in 2003 during the US occupation of Iraq.
As translated into English, 'Tishbite' is the demonym well um um like like I mean like I mean uh I mean for Tishbe: the demonym is predicated of the prophet you know you know well like uh you know um you know um um to denote that his residence or possibly his birthplace was Tishbe.
Scott Halberstadt (born on August 17, 1976 in Connersville, I mean um so I mean um so I mean uh okay you know Indiana) is an American actor who is perhaps best known well um so so okay so okay well so okay for his recurring role as Eric on the hit Nickelodeon series 'Drake & Josh'.
The organisation was established as the Interior Decorators and Designers well you know well I mean so um I mean okay uh uh Association in 1966 and after merging with the International I mean well like you know well I mean okay okay um uh Interior Design Association (UK Chapter) it became the British Institute of Interior Design.
The opening of the new arena was attended by over so I mean so you know um well um so uh I mean 17, 000 people, who paid up to $ I mean I mean um so like uh you know you know uh I mean 50 for tickets to the event, including J. P so I mean um so so I mean so so you know you know. Morgan, the Pierponts, the Whitneys and General William Tecumseh Sherman.
Pascal Lochard (born September 17, 1990) is a Canadian football okay I mean like so um uh um I mean well you know running back for the Ottawa Redblacks of the Canadian Football League (CFL).
Roz Ryan (born July 7, 1951) is an American actress, singer and comedian.
He returned to operations on 25 March 1945, claiming 26 more tanks destroyed before the end of the war.
In Australia, men's rights discourse has influenced government policy well okay um so I mean okay you know I mean um like documents; less impact has been noted in the United Kingdom, I mean so so um you know so so okay uh so where feminists have historically had less influence on educational policy.
Ceran St. Vrain (May 5, 1802 -- October 28, um you know uh you know well you know you know so okay like 1870), also known as Ceran de Hault de Lassus de I mean like uh I mean I mean like um um you know you know St. Vrain, was a major fur trader near Taos, New so like like you know uh okay okay so so I mean Mexico, where he and his partner William Bent built Bent's Fort.
Marxism is a form of fascism, i. E um okay um you know um like like so like you know. A doctrine which originates in the degradation of the okay so um okay well um okay you know um okay individual whose elimination is considered as legitimate; whereas Capitalism substitutes like uh okay um I mean uh I mean um well okay economic entities such as money, profit or interest to the real needs of life.
The meaning of each of them can so I mean like you know like uh so um um I mean be represented by a certain fuzzy set. One might so um so uh like uh so you know you know um define the glass as being 0. 7 empty and 0. 3 full.
Dutch Radio 3FM named him 'Serious Talent' acoustic um well like um well okay okay you know uh okay version, a duet with Anneke van Giersbergen performed live okay well I mean okay I mean I mean um uh you know I mean on Giel Beelen ´ s 3FM radio show created a small internet hype.
George Todd is an English professional rugby league footballer I mean like I mean well like well you know uh um I mean who played in the 1930s, playing at representative level okay well you know you know so um you know well uh you know for England, and at club level for Hunslet, as a, i. E. Number 6.
The Patrol Division is responsible for patroling the approximately uh you know I mean you know like so you know I mean um I mean forty square mile town twent - four hours a I mean so well well like uh um like like okay day and responds to all emergency, and non-emergency, calls for service.
In the corporate sphere, the name currently survives through the um I mean okay okay like you know okay okay okay so Marmon Group of Chicago, Illinois, and Marmon Motor Company of Denton, Texas.
Henrik Hertz (August 25, 1797 -- February 25, 1870), Danish poet, was born of Jewish parents in Copenhagen.
Despite the rain, Albanians enjoy a great deal of sunshine, second only to Spain in average annual sunny days.
The Green Memorial Hospital in Manipay, Sri Lanka was founded by Dr Samuel Fisk Green in 1848.
Late Narendra Nath Hazarika was a prominent freedom fighter, who played uh uh like um uh okay so I mean uh so a key role during the freedom movement, was so I mean um well well so well okay uh okay closely associated with setting up schools and Puranigudam Bapuji Hall & Library.
An ancient Welsh family of oligarchs, the Salusbury family uh um you know I mean well like uh well well so was first recognized by the crown during the um like okay well uh I mean you know well so um reign of Henry VII after Thomas Salusbury put down a rebellion in Cornwall.
Hollings helped to establish the Hollings Center for International Dialogue, like um well you know so so uh so um well an organization working to promote peace in the Middle East through small - scale conferences.
After another reorganization of the mission staff, Rev. George Schwarz arrived in September 1887, then Rev. Wilhelm Poland in 1889.
He was anxious to resume the Lord Chancellorship and okay you know I mean you know I mean well like okay well well lobbied repeatedly for it: it seems that he was actually promised I mean well you know so I mean I mean you know like so you know a return to the office in 1563, but the promise was not fulfilled.
It is uncertain as to whether he served in the so uh well well um I mean so well okay like Confederate Army or not, tradition states that he did, but no permanent record exists within his family.
Cecilia Rozgonyi (1398 -- 1434) was the daughter of Peter Szentgyörgyi, an influential Hungarian nobleman.
He was the first Mormon to be a major I mean well okay okay uh you know okay um like you know party presidential nominee, but lost the election to Barack Obama by uh I mean uh um okay well I mean okay well like 332 -- 206 electoral votes and by 51 -- 47 percent of the popular vote.
She has been coached by Martin Barras since 2009 and is also coached by Gary Sutton.
Leif Svensson (born July 8, 1951 in Härnösand, Sweden) is like um you know you know I mean like well like I mean I mean a retired Swedish ice hockey player who played two seasons with the Washington Capitals in the late 70s.
When the Second World War broke out in September I mean uh well well okay well I mean uh like okay 1939 Ireland was in no position to become involved, you know well like you know okay so uh um well so in fact some years before hand the deValera led government had declared a policy of neutrality.
AMS is an organized effort of parts of the infectious disease well okay you know well so like uh you know well so and public health community, in the US particularly their professional organizations uh well you know I mean um uh well okay okay you know like the IDSA, the PIDS and the nations highest public health agency, theCDC and globally the WHO.
Sir Henry Neville (c. 1562 - July 10, 1615) was okay um uh you know you know um okay well I mean uh an English diplomat suspected of being the actual writer of Shakespeare's works.
Adolph Gustav Kiefer (27 June 1918 -- 5 May 2017) so okay you know well okay I mean like okay well well was an American former competition swimmer, American Olympic champion, last well I mean um you know I mean um like like like well surviving Olympic champion of Berlin, former world record - holder, well um so I mean um uh you know I mean okay so and inventor and innovator of new products related to aquatics competition.
The match was also the last to be covered on you know okay like so well well so uh okay you know the original BBC Radio 5; the station closed down that night, with BBC Radio Five Live launching the following morning.
James Paringatai (born 7 January 1986 in Taihape, New Zealand) I mean like like uh you know well uh so so you know is a New Zealand professional basketball player who uh okay okay so so uh um um uh okay currently plays for the Southland Sharks of the New Zealand National Basketball League.
Hardwick Court Farm is a large farm in Chertsey, Surrey and was first established during the Saxon period.
In 1883, an art school was founded in 1883 by the uh okay like uh um so uh I mean okay like Walthamstow Literary Institute at the Trinity schoolroom, in West Avenue, uh um well like like well well you know like you know which was connected with the Science and Art Department, South Kensington.
Tim Lewis (born December 18, 1961) is a National Football League coach and former player.
Very little has been documented about this breed, and they are I mean uh like like uh you know well I mean well uh not a recognized pure - breed in the Australian Canine Council, uh I mean you know like okay well okay like okay um however Old Farmers and specialist breeders keep the original like uh so you know well okay I mean like well like lines going and maintain effort in a future of the breed.
In May of 2013, Dr. Vanderpool and his wife uh I mean um uh like like so like I mean so Lauri officially moved to Thomazeau, Haiti, selling both their home in Brentwood, Tennessee, and Vanderpool's private practice Lave MD.
In an interview with 'The New York Times', Noah likened like so uh like so okay uh you know um uh Stewart to 'a Jewish Yoda' and recounted advice Stewart gave him, so like I mean like I mean like so um um uh saying, ' The most amazing thing that Jon did was he didn't give me a mandate.
Roger, the eldest son and always Aristide's favourite, is so so I mean uh you know okay uh okay like well a failure as businessman and has steered like you know so I mean so well well I mean uh like the catering business bestowed to him by his father I mean I mean I mean so you know um okay um you know you know to the brink of bankruptcy; he longs to live a simple life somewhere far away.
However, he did not have a chance to defend uh um I mean uh um you know like okay um um it and was awarded posthumously an honorary degree in 2014.
The internal rate of return (IRR) or economic rate of return like okay so uh okay you know so um like well (ERR) is a rate of return used in capital budgeting to measure and compare the profitability of investments.
The single was released on their own label, Surrealist Records, owned by bassist Simon Laffy.
The resulting knowledge about human kinesiology and sport nutrition combined well um um so uh well um I mean I mean well with his distinctive posing styles makes Kamali a sought out so uh uh uh uh I mean you know okay I mean uh bodybuilder for seminars and guest appearances and has been featured well um like like so I mean I mean I mean I mean uh in many bodybuilding articles, as well as being on the cover of MUSCLEMAG magazine.
In addition, Dodin has won 7 ITF singles titles okay well uh like okay uh like well uh like on the ITF Women's Circuit and has reached the final okay so okay like you know um like okay well like of the 2014 Internationaux Féminins de la Vienne and the semifinals of the 2014 Open GDF Suez de Limoges.
The island supports a small population that has been whaling you know um uh I mean I mean um okay okay so I mean for hundreds of years speaking the languages of Adonara and Lamaholot.
She was on a voyage from Boston, Massachusetts to Saint John, New Brunswick, British North America.
Realizing Sparrow is the target, Elizabeth traps him aboard uh uh um well so so uh I mean uh like the 'Black Pearl' as the crew abandons the ship, I mean you know like you know like I mean um well like so and the monster drags Sparrow and the ship to Davy Jones's Locker.
In the UK, Germany, and Thailand (Before January 2012), you know um I mean um uh well um uh uh so the product is available Over-the - counter as a pack of 12 tablets produced by McNeil.
Eve Myles (born 26 July 1978) is a Welsh so okay you know so you know okay I mean okay I mean well television, film, stage and voice actress who graduated from the Royal Welsh College of Music & Drama in 2000.
Polybius has been noted to be hostile to some of like uh uh so I mean um I mean so uh you know his subject material; for example, his treatment of Crete has been noted to be biased in a negative sense.
'Right Type of Mood' is a song written and okay you know so I mean okay I mean um I mean okay um performed by Herbie Crichlow (under the name Herbie), featured on the 1995 album 'Fingers'.
Don Valley was a former federal electoral district represented I mean like okay I mean uh so so okay um you know in the Canadian House of Commons, and located in the province of Ontario.
Its leadership headquarters were mainly in what became Ankole, believed you know um like I mean okay you know uh so you know well to have been run by the Bachwezi dynasty in well um you know okay I mean I mean I mean uh well okay the fourteenth and fifteenth centuries, who may have followed a semi-legendary dynasty known as the Batembuzi.
Woods contacted Crowther and received his permission to make an um okay uh like I mean well so well I mean well improved version which also spread to many locations, including the PDP - 10 systems at MIT.
Chris Bruton (born January 23, 1987) is a Canadian you know I mean I mean okay you know um uh um well okay professional ice hockey player, who is currently playing for the Grand Rapids Griffins of the American Hockey League (AHL).
Colleen McEdwards (born 1968) is a Canadian anchor for CNN I mean well I mean well so I mean so I mean I mean okay International, based at CNN International's Atlanta headquarters, where she anchors various editions of 'World Report'.
Audit firm Nexia BT, is the Mossack Fonseca franchise you know um like so uh um you know okay you know I mean in Malta which also audits the accounts of Schembri's companies in the Kasco Group.
He pushes the hostage to the florr and grabs Alex's okay you know okay uh so so uh uh okay uh daughter then wlks under the decking and Alex imtandly okay so okay so I mean like uh um um well follows after a gun shot is heard when she gets okay um okay well um like like so well um down her dughter walks towards her and the criminal can not be found.
Named after its primary product, a web application Less well okay um so like you know like so uh I mean Annoying CRM, also known as LACRM which is a customer like like I mean well I mean okay so uh uh um relationship management (CRM) system that is available for Windows, iOS, Android, and Windows Phone.
In 1716, Scalan seminary was established in the Highlands and rebuilt well like um so you know so you know I mean okay like in the 1760s by Bishop John Geddes, a well - well um well I mean um like so you know like you know known figure in the Edinburgh of the Enlightenment period.
Haw was born in Woodford Green in the London Borough of Redbridge okay okay like uh well uh you know like like um and grew up in neighbouring Barking and in Whitstable, Kent.
To aid him in his fight against the four uh so well you know like um you know um so uh fighters, the Nameless Sanzo has plush toy armies made so um um um okay I mean so okay um so of captured human souls (that were considred bad) that uh well okay I mean so um so um so well would raised to serve him that when he is in trouble.
United's first internationals were defenders Harry Lilley and um well I mean well okay okay so like so uh Michael Whitham who both appeared for England on 5 March um okay you know okay uh well like well like well 1892 and the most recent player to be capped I mean so like you know um well you know uh okay uh while with United was another defender, Lecsinel Jean - François who played twice for Haiti in November 2011.
The 2007 -- 08 WHL season was his fifth and well okay I mean so uh you know you know okay okay I mean final season with the Silvertips; he played 56 games and sported a 2. 45 goals against average.
Sophie McKay arrives at the end of 2006 like uh so well well okay like so uh you know and settles into Ferndale High relatively easily though she is immediately at odds with Scarlett Valentine.
For the remainder of 2006 he divided his time between you know um uh uh okay you know so um you know I mean the two tours, winning twice on the Nationwide Tour, like so like well uh like so um like like and finishing twelfth on the money list to regain so um so uh I mean uh well so I mean well his PGA Tour card with effect from the start of the 2007 season.
Ultimately, the enteric microbiota of the intestine overgrow and may be so uh um so I mean I mean um you know I mean so the cause of further symptoms, though this idea has not been fully investigated.
In 1935 the AKC changed the name of the breed I mean like you know uh um I mean you know um you know you know to Staffordshire Terrier and then again in 1972 the you know okay so you know I mean I mean so uh so you know name of the breed was changed to American Straffordshire Terrier.
Their one weak point is that they are show I mean um okay well um you know like I mean you know well - offs, and can not resist shaping themselves to so like okay so um well I mean you know well uh spell the one word they know how to spell, before they attack.
There are approximately 2, 000 mantid species worldwide, the majority are found in Asia.
Locata Corporation is a privately held technology company based in you know I mean well I mean like uh uh I mean okay you know Canberra, Australia, that invented a local positioning system that uh you know you know like well um so um you know uh government, commercial and other organizations use to determine positioning when Global Positioning System (GPS) signals are blocked or unreliable.
He was the first graduate and judicial officer of Arayamparmbil, a 250 year old famous tharavadu of Kodungallur.
Samarth Pratishthan (Devanagari: समर्थ प्रतिष्ठान) (2 Oct 1999) The aim well um okay I mean okay um okay like so I mean is to communicate to do a good cultural, social um uh I mean uh um I mean so you know like um activities and make a great Pathak with discipline and creativity in all members.
International Amusement Limited (IAL) was incorporated on 15th September you know I mean I mean so you know so okay I mean okay well 1984 by Mr. Gian Vijeshwar, a Sweden based businessman of like like so um uh I mean you know uh okay like Indian origin, with the primary objective to conceptualize and set up India's first amusement park 'Appu Ghar'.
When she died in 1641 there was a memorial brass placed uh okay um okay um like you know um I mean you know in All Saints church in Durston which includes a picture of well I mean um like like you know well like I mean I mean her in a watchman's greatcoat and that she was 80 years and seven months old.
Jinx recovers and soon notices that something is next to well um so uh uh you know you know I mean so uh him, feels the cat's head and grabs an eyelid; so so um okay well um I mean so okay like promptly, Jasper opens his eye and hoists him up.
High velocities can cause light pellets to deform or uh you know like I mean uh you know um so uh well even break apart and the transition from supersonic to subsonic will cause most pellets to tumble.
Sutti Veerabhadra Rao, popular as one of the famous 'Sutti like well well uh um so so I mean I mean so Janta', was a popular Radio and Theater Artist from 1970 - 1980.
In today's Berlin much evidence regarding the well okay like like I mean I mean uh okay like uh space station is said to be found, for example the well okay well um I mean I mean um so like okay antenna mentioned above which was apparently unmasked by East German and Soviet Russian scientists.
Inger Berggren, born 23 February 1934 in Stockholm, is a Swedish singer well okay so I mean well uh okay okay okay okay who began singing in Thore Swanerud's orchestra, and later sang with Thore Ehrling, Simon Brehm, and Göte Wilhelmsson.
Originally there were more than this - Moghedien like I mean I mean I mean uh I mean I mean uh I mean well suggests twelve were killed during the The War of Power, so you know like like okay um like well uh like due to arousing the Dark One's suspicions, she also suggests that you know so um you know okay um uh okay you know like there were many more chosen before this but they were killed in the war of power.
In 'Tekken', Paul's sub-boss was Kuma, a bear supposedly trained like um well so well okay um so I mean okay by Heihachi Mishima; this was explained by Paul having witnessed like I mean okay I mean uh okay like so okay so as a child that a martial artist named Willie Williams fighting a bear.
The Syracuse University Alma Mater was written by Junius W so you know uh so like like um so so so. Stevens (1895) in 1893 and is based on the then - popular song Annie Lisle.
The last whaling ship to be built at Dundee uh so like like so so uh so so uh was the 'Terra Nova', in 1884, and the whaling industry ceasing later in around 1912.
She left an estate of £ 2071 and probate was granted in so I mean like um um so well okay so you know London to Thomas Marshall Sinclair, company secretary, and Reginald Victor Rowles, company director.
A new permanent exhibit, 'Endless Possibilities', was opened on uh I mean well like okay you know you know um I mean like December 15, 2009 and uses photos, objects, stories, okay I mean uh um like you know well so so you know and multimedia to trace the journeys of Iowa's African Americans.
Prof. Spärck Jones was a Fellow of the British Academy, an you know well you know uh uh you know you know you know so so AAAI Fellow and ECCAI Fellow, and was President of the Association for Computational Linguistics in 1994.
In 2008, the duo wrote a pilot script for their first so I mean um well so uh you know so uh I mean original sitcom; in 'Playing Shop', the two star as like well okay you know well I mean okay you know uh so Eric and Jamie, friends who set up a business together after they are made redundant from their old jobs.
Among fourteen candidates, he finished fifth with 9, 971 votes like you know uh you know I mean okay uh like like okay (10 percent), just behind Clyde C. Holloway, the fourth - place so like um I mean um uh um well uh okay candidate and a Republican member of the Louisiana Public Service Commission from Johnson's neighboring Rapides Parish.
The character is played by actress Andrea Bowen, and so so like I mean so so you know you know I mean so first appeared in the pilot episode of the series in 2004.
Arua Airport is the second - busiest airport in Uganda, behind Entebbe International Airport.
Arulmigu Palaniandavar Polytechnic (APP), formerly APPM, is a technical institution I mean okay you know okay I mean okay so um um um under the Directorate of Technical Education (DOTE), Guindy, Chennai. Serves like um like okay I mean so um okay I mean so students in and around Palani as well as from the Dindigul, Theni, Madurai, and Coimbatore districts.
Jenny soon dropped out of her course and started like okay so so well um okay like well okay an affair with a married dentist, Robert Weston, and when he left his wife she moved in with him.
It was held annually at the Sheepshead Bay Racetrack at Gravesend, um like so you know well like well well okay well New York until 1913, and at Aqueduct Racetrack in 1959 like so um so I mean like so okay like I mean and 1961, and from 1918 to 1969 it moved to Belmont I mean um you know you know okay like okay I mean you know like Park on Long Island where it is raced today as a Grade III event.
All events, associations, stimuli, and experiences return thoughts um um uh well well well I mean um okay so to the limerent object with unnerving consistency, while conversely the like um you know okay so okay okay like like so constant thoughts about the limerent object define all other experiences.
The motto 'Going Down' was adopted during the Second World uh um you know okay um um well um um uh War when operating on Hawker Typhoons over occupied I mean uh um like uh well okay I mean uh well Europe, this was the flight leader's instruction to begin their diving attacks with bombs and / or cannons.
The Lowsman Trophy is awarded annually to the last player um uh okay um um so well uh I mean I mean selected in the NFL draft, and it is a parody of well you know okay okay well you know uh well uh I mean the Heisman Trophy, awarded to the outstanding college football player of the year.
The Manchester Writing School launched the second Manchester Poetry Prize um um well well um um so okay you know well in 2010, with Simon Armitage, Lavinia Greenlaw and you know like you know I mean like I mean like uh you know uh Daljit Nagra as judges, and will be launching the so okay so so so uh you know well okay you know second Manchester Fiction Prize in January 2011, with Nicholas Royle once again acting as Head Judge.
Gilfry shortened his performing name from Rodney to Rod in okay like I mean like you know um so like well well 2005, and he celebrated his 20th year as a professional opera singer in 2006.
Route 812 joins Route 37 west into Ogdensburg, then goes south to Village of Lowville in Lewis County.
While it was some miles offshore, an explosives - you know you know uh so um like like uh I mean well laden boat rammed the starboard side of the uh you know um like okay I mean like um I mean you know tanker and detonated, catching the vessel on fire and um so so uh so like uh uh I mean so spewing approximately 90, 000 barrels of oil into the Gulf of Aden.
Mazari joined the Pakistan Tehreek - e - Insaf in so you know uh uh you know I mean um uh well um 2008 and was elected to the National Assembly in 2013 from Punjab.
The Aquarium of the Pacific is located in the so you know so uh uh okay well you know uh okay city of Long Beach, California and features like like like well okay um uh like well I mean a collection of over 12, 500 animals representing almost 1, 000 different species.
Autry and later Roy Rogers appeared in a contemporary um I mean okay um um so uh I mean well um Western setting, rather than the 19th Century 'Wild West' era that well uh uh I mean okay I mean so so so uh allowed the stars to appear in modern clothing alongside motorcars, aeroplanes and telephones.
For the 2012 election, Quayle was drawn into the new you know well um like okay you know uh okay uh okay Arizona 9th congressional district after redistricting, but instead chose to run in uh uh well like I mean you know you know so well you know the newly configured 6th district, where he already represented approximately two - thirds of the precincts.
The fourth series of the renminbi was introduced between okay okay uh well well well well you know you know uh 1987 and 1997, although the banknotes were dated 1980, 1990, or 1996.
The following day, March 20, 1848, the municipality of Trent established like uh well uh okay uh like uh uh okay the national guard and sent a patriotic appeal to the well I mean okay so okay like like okay okay um citizens in which they expressed the wish that the like well um well uh like like okay okay um example of Trent should be followed by all of Trentino.
Stradella wrote at least 6 operas, numerous cantatas and you know uh so um uh well I mean like uh okay oratorios, and 27 separate instrumental pieces, most for strings and basso continuo, typically in the 'sonata da chiesa' format.
Sukyo Mahikari was established in June 1978 by Sachiko you know okay like you know like well so you know I mean like (Kouko) Okada, using the name Keishu, at the uh uh I mean you know um you know you know okay uh okay Harumi Trade Center in Tokyo, Sachiko Okadaannounced the 'establishment of Sukyo Mahikari'.
The site was first documented in 1968 by Pekka um uh um well like like you know um uh um Sarvas, and since then a number of excavations have been undertaken, including four underwater excavations.
Three dioecious South American palms, with moderate to large, acaulescent well I mean uh well well uh um like okay uh or erect trunks, their staminate inflorescences are spike - like, while the pistillate are branched and spreading.
Unlike his father, whose transformation culminated in a sickly, um okay um you know um so okay you know like I mean distorted amalgamation of human and fly, Martin's mutation turned him uh okay so okay okay okay so I mean well I mean into a dangerous opponent, most likely due to his uh uh I mean so like you know you know so like okay insect heritage being a natural part of his evolution rather than an accidental genetic fusion.
Shulman returned to his position at the NBC Symphony I mean I mean okay uh well you know well well okay okay Orchestra in 1948, the same year he became a member you know like like like I mean I mean I mean um okay so of the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers.
He retained the shipping department and in 1870 renamed it um okay like um I mean so uh like you know okay the Anchor Line of Steam Packet and commissioned a well like so I mean you know you know okay I mean so you know pennant for his ships, designed by the artist William Cook, and featuring an anchor.
Repairing, teaching 'rock school' at Mom's Music, and building custom guitars, he began perfecting his trade craft.
Frederick Rutherford is a fictional character in the television sitcom 'Leave like you know um like uh um like well I mean uh It to Beaver', the father of Clarence 'Lumpy' Rutherford and daughter, Violet.
For 1978, a new Champagne Edition convertible was launched, so you know I mean well well so you know okay um so available in blue or red metallic paint with white leatherette interior.
General Charles Bruce, future president of the club, was so you know I mean okay so I mean you know okay um you know the man to lead and entry to Tibet might be like well I mean uh okay like um uh um like possible because Sir Francis Younghusband had returned home after his 'Mission to Lhasa' and subsequent 1904 treaty.
Nandana Sen (, born Nandana Dev Sen on 19 August 1967 ) is an Indian actress.
Established in 2006, the competition was designed to recognize some uh okay you know uh I mean okay you know like I mean uh of the most innovative, creative and artistic songs you know um like um uh uh uh I mean I mean you know created in the past year by emerging songwriters in Canada.
Peter Banner (born July -- September 1948 in Rochdale) is okay like you know so like so like like um okay an English professional rugby league footballer who played in um I mean you know you know so like I mean well well okay the 1970s, playing at representative level for Wales, and uh you know you know um I mean so well um like um at club level for Salford, Featherstone Rovers and Leeds as a, i. E. Number 7.
When Charlie found a Golden Ticket, he took Grandpa Joe to accompany him on the factory tour.
On January 2, 2007, Sony Ericsson announced in Stockholm that it um I mean um so so like well uh you know uh will have some of its mobile phones made in India, I mean I mean so well you know uh like like you know you know and that its two outsourcing partners, FLextronics and um like like you know okay uh um you know well okay Foxconn will make 10 million cellphones per year by 2009.
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill School of Dentistry you know well like like so I mean so uh so so is a school of dentistry located in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, United States.
Operation Fath - ol - Mobeen was A succesful I mean so you know so like you know um okay you know uh operation by Iran to retake the Dezful - um you know uh um like like um okay I mean well Shush area after it was lost in the Battle of Dezful in January 1981.
After a string of successful albums, this uh uh um okay you know like you know okay like so was her last rock - oriented album of the I mean well okay um I mean well like you know um like 1980s, before she would go on to try a blues - based sound with 'True Love' in 1991.
A music video for their song 'The Big you know well I mean okay okay um uh like I mean like Picture' was made, but the only member of the band okay so you know like I mean like okay um like well featured was Amos, since by then, unable to so I mean uh you know you know uh like okay okay I mean withstand pressure from Atlantic Records she had jettisoned the entire band with the exception of Steve Caton.
Jamaal J. Jackson (born May 8, 1980) is a former American you know like you know I mean you know so so I mean um well football center who played for nine seasons for the Philadelphia Eagles of the National Football League (NFL).
At the age of 11 his family decided to move I mean well uh you know so so so um you know like to Germany where he visited th 'Clara - Schumann' music scool.
She has been married twice and has three children by okay um you know um so I mean like uh well you know her second husband tenor, chorus master and conductor Simon okay well I mean well I mean well um you know well so Schouten but is known professionally by the surname of her first husband Ernst - Jürgen von Magnus.
Mazarine Marie Pingeot (born December 18, 1974 in you know so well like uh um well like well uh Avignon, Vaucluse), who changed her name to Mazarine Marie you know like well okay you know like I mean uh so um Pingeot - Mitterrand in 2005, is a writer and the okay so um so like um okay well so uh daughter of former French president François Mitterrand and his mistress Anne Pingeot.
Within days of the election of a like um um uh okay okay uh uh I mean you know Conservative government in June 1970, the new education minister, um okay uh you know like like so um well so Margaret Thatcher, replaced both Circulars with Circular 10/70, which allowed each authority to decide its own policy.
The house was built in 1806 by Asher uh uh uh I mean well um I mean well um uh Benjamin and added to the National Historic Register in 1966.
Rhodolite is a varietal name for rose - pink to red pyrope garnet found in Cowee Valley, Macon County, North Carolina.
For much of the 2004 -- 05 season, the club struggled um so so um you know you know you know so uh uh in the Premiership, but staged a remarkable comeback in the like so so I mean so uh so I mean you know like final weeks of the season, the catalyst being victory against Manchester United 2 -- 0.
Chartered Legal Executives in England and Wales can become partners so so you know um um um um you know you know I mean in law firms and are eligible for certain judicial appointments and as advocates, subject to meeting eligibility requirements.
It had a successful run at several Central Florida theaters so um so like uh well you know well like well and was featured at Orlando's premiere LGBT pride event, Come um like like so well okay you know I mean well I mean Out With Pride 2011 and raised over $ so I mean you know like like so um like so like 2, 000 for an LGBT non-profit organization, the Zebra Coalition.
She founded the Toronto Arts for Youth Award, so so okay you know like uh like I mean okay so and has worked as an instructor for the theatre program at George Brown College.
In the Navy Cup held between the 1982 - 83 so like uh well okay so so uh I mean so season, Galatasaray coach Đorđe Milić gives Metin Tekin a chance in the first eleven.
In 1978, its editor Pedro Chamorro was assassinated, however even uh so so I mean like you know uh I mean I mean well today it is unknown who was responsible some point so uh um okay like like so like like so the finger at Somaza's National Guard while others accuse the Sandinista's of his assination.
Then the result only says that it would be better like okay okay you know um okay uh well you know well if low utility people had not existed, a statement with little bearing on practical morals.
In 2003, she and her sister Alka Sadat uh well okay okay you know okay uh like uh um established the Roya Film House and under this banner okay um you know so okay okay I mean so I mean I mean produced more than 30 documentaries and features films and won several awards.
Adjustments to the surface of the board are made with uh uh I mean so you know I mean like um well okay a hand plane or other method of wood removal and well you know okay okay I mean um I mean I mean um I mean the process described above is repeated until the board is satisfactorily flat.
Not only does the Biggest Loser win prizes, but the you know okay you know uh uh um I mean uh uh so second placer wins ₱ 500, 000, Artista Salon services okay like okay okay um well I mean like well like worth ₱ 50, 000, a one - year membership with Fitness First, and Whirlpool home appliances.
Paraguay received military supplies and daily intelligence from Argentina, which uh well so well um um like um uh so also provided Paraguay with critical economic and military backing throughout the war.
Jace H. Fry (born July 9, 1993) is an American like so so so well well well uh I mean so professional baseball pitcher who plays for the Chicago White Sox of Major League Baseball.
At, it is the highest peak on Durmitor well um I mean well I mean uh okay I mean okay okay mountain, and had been thought to be the highest well you know okay you know okay well uh like so so point in Montenegro, but new surveys have revealed there are three higher peaks on the border with Albania.
There is a Roman temple near the town that was well well like okay uh uh so like well uh called Ain Libbaya or Ayn Libbaya that was classified amongst a group of Temples of Mount Hermon by George Taylor.
His parents were Constantine Ioannes 'Iplik (t) sis' Ioannou / like um I mean I mean well um uh like you know well Ionides (1775 -- 1852) and his wife Mariora Ioannou - Sentoukakis you know like well so um like um so um so (1784 -- 1857), who had set up a London branch for his trading firm in c. 1815.
As a state legislator, Bayh unsuccessfully worked to well like well you know like well um like okay so lower the voting age in Indiana, and continued his so like uh so I mean so like well so well effort in the Senate Judiciary Committee, where he also met opposition.
His other business interests included being director of um okay like uh I mean well you know um okay uh the Blackstaff Flax Spinning Company and chairman of several railway companies.
To the south - east is to be found the I mean like so okay so I mean uh I mean well so sardine port of Douarnenez which gives the bay its name, the only settlement of importance on the banks of the bay.
This results in the formation of glutamate semialdehyde, which spontaneously cyclizes to pyrroline - 5 - carboxylate.
MS 'SNAV Adriatico' was a ro - ro ferry owned like um like um um I mean uh um um okay by Stena Line and operated on their Karlskrona - Gdynia service.
But he was not the only whale to attack his like um like uh so um okay okay okay um hunters, nor was he, apparently, the only white whale in the sea.
After a good season in which Kukësi were crowned okay okay I mean like okay like um well like well Albanian Superliga champions, on 5 June 2017, Musolli received a well so well um you know uh well um okay okay call - up from Kosovo for a 2018 FIFA World Cup qualifying match against Turkey.
Following a successful run at London's 380 - seat you know I mean um okay like you know so so okay um Royal Court theatre, 'Jerusalem' transferred to London's West so you know uh you know well okay you know you know I mean like End at the 796 - seat Apollo Theatre for a I mean okay um you know well like so okay like well limited 12 week season from 28 January 2010, closing on 24 April 2010.
Hakim Syed Karam Husain (1287AH/1870AD -- 11th Shawwal 1372 so so uh okay I mean uh um like well well AH / 25 June 1953) was merely 8 years I mean so um okay I mean so well you know so I mean old when his father Qazi Mir Imdad Ali died.
He studied at Amherst College, graduating in 1867 and was you know like well uh well so okay well you know so later to become professor of political science and constitutional law at Columbia College in 1876.
The current principal of summit is Paul Kendall STacey I mean um like um so you know well you know so okay the first he is an excellent principal the students say some even call him 'the cereal of the unknown bowl'.
His wife worked at a wig shop but was okay like like um okay okay you know well like uh killed one night in a burglary; the robber made off with $ 44. 94.
The Property was owned by farmer and local identity George um you know so well um like okay um so so Duncan, and the property has become known in the district over the years simply as 'Duncan's farm'.
She attended Rugby High School for Girls and went to Newnham College, Cambridge.
Serbianess fallacy is a fallacy based on the implied like okay you know you know well I mean okay okay okay like Serbianess of the opponent in the discussion which like you know well uh um like well um uh uh can be used to advance your position in discussion about um well like so uh I mean I mean uh I mean I mean the topics directly or indirectly related to Serbia or Serbs, or if your opponent can be connected to Serbia or Serbs.
SCANA Corporation is a $ 9 billion Fortune 500 okay well you know uh I mean I mean you know well I mean uh energy - based holding company, based in Cayce, South um I mean uh okay well so so well so I mean Carolina, whose businesses include regulated electric and natural gas utility operations and other energy - related businesses.
But when the boys discover that the dolls are not authentic so um like I mean like so you know uh like I mean but cheap knock - offs (as the boys originally you know uh uh well okay you know well well okay like suspected), Kyle calls Shenanigans, leading to a riot which destroys the entire carnival.
He published a book with the title 'Das Gesetz uh well you know well I mean um so you know well um der Serie' ( 'The Law of the Series'; never translated into you know uh like well I mean um well uh uh like English ), in which he recounted 100 or so anecdotes of coincidences that had led him to formulate his theory of Seriality.
'I'm Alive 'is a song written by the American rock um okay well so I mean well uh you know well uh band Tommy James and the Shondells and first recorded in 1969 as part of their album' Crimson and Clover'.
As a Muslim, he worked as the Secretary General in like okay you know okay like so you know so so uh the Myanmar Islam Religious Council until his passing well so I mean okay uh okay well so uh like away on 7 January 1970, at 5. 50 p. M. Of heart disease.
On 6 May 1943, Peiper was awarded okay uh so so well uh well um um okay the German Cross in Gold for his achievements in um uh uh I mean you know um well uh you know okay February 1943 around Kharkov, where his unit gained the nickname the 'Blowtorch Battalion'.
Following the events of the previous games, the magical I mean okay like so well you know uh okay you know so land of Gensokyo is once again at peace until yōkai begin okay uh um you know okay okay like so I mean okay to swarm the Hakurei Shrine and a tremendous power surges from beneath a lake high in the mountains.
His force consisted of around 1000 cavalry, I mean um well well I mean I mean I mean so like like including 112 heavy cavalry, and a similar number of okay well you know well like um um um I mean uh infantry, from which around 1000 cavalry and 400 infantry were like you know okay so okay like you know you know so well mercenaries hired by Polish king, Casimir IV Jagiello; the rest were units from Gdansk.
The first Sanacja government was formed during the May 1926 um so okay I mean like I mean I mean well I mean uh constitutional reforms of the Second Polish Republic, and was headed by Naczelnik Jozef Pilsudski until his death in 1935.
Munchak was an offensive lineman for Penn State from 1978 I mean like well you know uh okay well so you know um - 1981 during this time he was a starter like like like um uh uh well well um um for the 1979 and 1981 seasons; however, he missed the 1980 season due to knee injury.
The village falls within the Non-metropolitan district of okay okay you know you know like you know like like I mean uh South Somerset, which was formed on 1 I mean well you know you know I mean I mean I mean okay okay I mean April 1974 under the Local Government Act 1972, having previously been part of Yeovil Rural District.
Epiphanius uses the spelling Νασαραίοι, which he distinguishes from so well you know like you know so um okay so uh 'Nazoraios' in the New Testament, for a Jewish Christian sect so like like so you know okay you know okay I mean okay apparently centered in the areas of Coele - Syria, I mean well um well so okay you know um um like Galilee and Samaria, essentially corresponding to the long - defunct state of Israel.
The subsidiary Battle of Nablus was fought virtually simultaneously in the I mean well okay um like like so uh uh okay Judean Hills in front of Nablus and at crossings of I mean okay so okay okay I mean okay so well you know the Jordan River as well as attacking the Fourth Army well well you know you know like well like um um you know in the Hills of Moab at Es Salt and Amman.
He also served Joint Editor in the you know you know uh well like you know okay um well okay biggest daily Urdu daily Jang and at present working as columnist and analyst in daily 92 newspaper and TV channel.
As she begins to lose consciousness, Kowalski appears okay um so well well you know like um uh you know outside, enters the capsule, and tells her to use the Soyuz's landing rockets to propel the capsule toward 'Tiangong'.
Testour is a small town located in the north of okay so I mean you know um I mean like okay so so Tunisia, on the hills of the Medjerda Valley, 20 km so uh like uh like you know I mean um um well (12 miles) south - west of Medjez - el - so I mean like um like um um so like okay Bab, the crossroads between Tunis, Beja, and the north of Tunisia.
The T - 70 was a light tank well I mean so um well so you know so uh you know used by the Army of the Soviet Union during World War okay uh I mean uh I mean like I mean uh you know um II. It replaced the T - 60 as the Red Army's main light tank.
The promise of mote technology vibration sensors embedded on the uh well well I mean so so like okay well I mean railcar itself, to measure vibrations and possible wheel impact conditions okay um okay so you know uh like you know you know well are flawed in the sense that these sensors would like so I mean I mean I mean um like uh you know you know not be able to distinguished between vibrations originating from the rail track or the rail wheel / bogie.
Kneel Cohn (born 12 January 1976) is the primary well I mean so okay like I mean like well you know like songwriter, lead singer and guitarist for The Dead okay so so you know um okay I mean okay uh like Stars On Hollywood known for the songs 'Prozac Smile' and 'Flaunt it Like This'.
Due to the movies harsh subject manner and in your I mean so okay so you know okay like um um um face stlye, it has divided audieces and critics, but has I mean okay well well um so uh you know I mean uh succesfully found a cult audience in the US, Canada, Germany, Belgium, Switzerland and Denmark where it's widely distributed on DVD.
This analogy is used to describe the uh okay like um um okay uh um well like multilayered nature of is removed, a third is exposed, and so forth.
Average annual rainfall is around 2, 600 mm. The local governmental um so so I mean um I mean you know um like I mean offices are reside in Batam Centre, biggest community on the island is Lubuk Baja (formerly known as Nagoya).
Paige Harrison is a Chicago based author who in 2004 so like uh uh like like uh well I mean okay coined the term 'Female - Led' in her uh uh I mean um uh like so okay so uh writings and also began to advance the terminology to um I mean well okay uh like like uh so you know describe her approach to an intentional relationship lifestyle model of okay like uh you know okay okay uh uh like I mean how many men and women desire to live together.
He has two sisters and an older brother; he was raised in the Lutheran church.
WHOD ( 94. 5 FM, 'Dixie 94. 5' ) is a radio station licensed to serve Jackson, Alabama, USA.
Compo is a slang word for 'competition' commonly um uh um uh well okay uh um you know okay used by the demoscene and related subcultures when referring you know like well uh you know well well you know I mean um to their contests related to programming, computer graphics and music.
On the night of 30/31 May, the sector of the you know so like well I mean like like like well like line the pioneers were digging under was subjected to a okay uh uh you know um okay so I mean uh well heavy artillery bombardment, followed by a trench raid so you know I mean like I mean um you know so um okay during which several of the battalion's personnel were killed or taken prisoner.
Shadow Wars 'is a combination of Real - time strategy so like um so you know well um okay well um and role - playing video game created by German game developers like well I mean you know I mean I mean so I mean um um Phenomic as a sequel to their 2003 release' and its two expansions, 'and'.
Sébastian and Zayda climb down a rope to the boat so you know okay uh you know so I mean I mean I mean uh but are discovered half way down; they plunge to their deaths when the rope is slashed.
He served France during World War I as a general well I mean well so I mean you know okay um you know like and was called 'one of France's finest generals' by Geoffrey Blainey.
He became Kamen Rider Amazon's recurring ally until he died by the Mushroom Beastman's poison spore.
In 1999 he started his career in theatre before moving to like like you know well uh well uh okay uh okay television serials for Doordarshan as well as commercials and corporate films.
They are cosmopolitan in distribution and are distinguished like so like I mean uh you know I mean okay so uh from others in the superfamily by a combination of minute well so so okay okay okay I mean well well I mean characters, and species identification typically requires dissection and comparison with identification keys.
Survival analysis is a branch of statistics death in okay I mean okay I mean uh you know I mean um like you know biological organisms and failure in 'reliability theory' or 'reliability so well uh um you know um so uh okay like analysis' in engineering, and 'duration analysis' or 'duration modeling' in economics or sociology.
The protocol specifically excludes weapons whose incendiary so okay uh okay uh you know uh you know you know you know effect is secondary, such as smoke grenades and you know you know uh um I mean like well I mean so well tracer rounds, although this has been often read you know okay uh I mean okay uh so well I mean uh as excluding white phosphorus munitions from this protocol, as well.
WBT was the number one station in Charlotte for many years; among its employees were Charles Kuralt and Nelson Benton.
Chaitanya's journalist friend Sudhakar (Chinna), after witnessing the murder of I mean um like um I mean like like I mean um um city D. I. G. , is murdered by a gang near his garage.
Klaus decides he wants this child, so he vows to protect Hayley and their unborn child, whatever it takes.
In the deep of night she awakens to a dripping sound coming from the bathroom.
A second area of wind divergence aloft occurs ahead of I mean I mean you know um so you know so well I mean like embedded shortwave troughs, which are of smft within the troposphere like you know you know I mean so um I mean like um um below, which lowers surface pressures as upward motion partially counteracts the force of gravity.
In the film's 'twist' ending, Burma hatches a plan to I mean you know like well okay uh you know I mean so I mean kidnap her sister's adopted daughter, but the child is, in fact, her own.
Mohammed Bilal Khatri is an Indian young Master craftsman um I mean uh like so so like I mean I mean um Born: , in village Bagh, Madhya Pradesh, okay I mean like like like you know so uh well I mean Who had learnt the traditional Craft of Bagh Print um like I mean you know you know okay you know I mean you know well by his father Mohammed Yusuf Khatri and grandfather Ismail Sulemanji Khatri.
A suspect in the case was arrested almost two years okay you know um um okay you know uh so um well later; police have said others were involved in what they so so um okay well um well well like so consider a murder for hire motivated by Markel's bitter like like I mean you know like like so uh I mean you know divorce from Wendi Adelson, a clinical law professor at Florida State University.
CRC Press Yeast breads often take hours to rise, you know you know like like uh um well um you know so and the resulting baked good's texture can vary greatly based on external factors such as temperature.
Initially there was no specific way to reverse the anticoagulant so okay I mean you know so uh okay like okay so effect of dabigatran in the event of a um like um uh like so like so like okay major bleeding event, unlike for warfarin, but well you know um you know like well okay well uh okay a dabigatran antidote (idarucizumab) was approved by the FDA in 2015.
A television role followed as Mrs Crichton in 'Larger uh okay uh so I mean like uh like okay like Than Life', and at London's Arts Theatre she played Sybil Merton in 'Lord Arthur Saville's Crime'.
Gall was initially expected to face Punk at UFC 202, like um so you know so so well I mean uh like but the pairing was delayed and eventually took placed on September 10, 2016 at UFC 203.
Beaver Lake is a hamlet in northern Alberta in Lac like well so um um um okay uh like like La Biche County, located east of Highway 55, northwest of Cold Lake.
During the 2010 -- 11 season, Brown won the silver like uh okay okay well you know uh well um um medal in his Junior Grand Prix debut in France and placed sixth in his second JGP event, in Japan.
Petter's gerbil or Petter's tateril, 'Taterillus petteri', is you know uh well uh I mean uh like uh um I mean a species of gerbil found in Burkina Faso, Mali, and Niger.
A little golem that can not speak, but is um I mean so I mean uh okay I mean uh um like shown to have feelings and emotions, she is killed by Yoshizumi's well I mean you know um like I mean uh um well like assistant just as Shito tells her he will take care of her.
From that point on there are several changes of direction uh I mean okay so so okay like so okay well in the line as it jogs its way toward the Manitoba / Saskatchewan border which forms the border's southern end.
The process of implantation of medical devices is subject to you know um you know I mean okay so so so uh so the same complications as any other invasive medical procedure, including infection, inflammation, and pain.
In the subsequent Serie A campaign, he guided Palermo to sixth, um uh you know uh I mean well uh okay you know um earning their first ever UEFA Cup qualification, but opting to leave the club at the end of the season.
Manassas was the first four - year accredited Negro high like uh so uh um well um well well I mean School in Shelby County and also had the first Negro football team in the city.
His only surviving work is the 'Excellentium Imperatorum Vitae', which appeared um uh I mean so okay like okay um well you know in the reign of Theodosius I, as the work of the um well um you know okay uh um well you know okay grammarian Aemilius Probus, who presented it to the emperor with a dedication in Latin verse.
He retired from playing in 1952 and ran a pub in Aintree and died in October 1986, aged 76.
However, the original flag had a brownish colour instead well I mean uh okay um you know you know um okay well of green, and there are horizontal variants of the flag as well.
He currently appears as Damien Darhk on um uh like okay like you know I mean so like like 'Arrow' and also voiced a variety of comic superheroes um okay you know so you know I mean okay you know I mean well and villains in a number of animated films and video games.
Examples include 'Sonar Tari' (1894), 'Chitra' (1896), and 'Katha O okay so uh I mean uh you know well well like you know Kahini' (1900); his essays, poems, and plays of the time also touched on village life.
They live in Pleasanton, Florida, and have two sons, Mr um so like like uh okay like like well I mean. T and Pain played football at Brown University and Mike like um okay you know like well well okay so so Rowe attended Monsters University where he started as bench warmer on the football team.
In addition, the 'witness' who introduced the concept that Jessie like okay well you know you know so okay okay okay I mean was coerced is considered a certifiable fraud by his like you know you know so well like okay okay so uh peers, and has been proven of coercing inmates in other cases into saying they were coerced.
It is clear that the Nazis were intent in removing uh uh you know like so um okay I mean okay um everything of value from their victims, and often went further uh well you know um um um I mean I mean uh uh than the memo itself; hair, for example, was removed before execution to be made into mattresses.
In April 1087, the army abandoned its siege of Tudela I mean I mean like um okay um so uh you know like and most of the host returned home, but Odo and his retinue went west.
In 2006 he published his autobiography, 'Bash the Rich', of which a film version is currently in production.
Born in Newcastle - under - Lyme, Brittain was the okay okay um well you know I mean okay uh like you know daughter of a well - to - do family, and you know uh so I mean okay I mean you know I mean I mean okay had an uneventful childhood with her only brother her closest companion.
Another grand jury witness, Jose Camacho, was a knife salesman at Ross okay well uh uh so you know I mean okay okay I mean Cutlery who claimed to have sold Simpson a you know so okay well um so I mean like well um 15 - inch (380 mm) German - made knife similar to the murder weapon three weeks before the killings.
She graduated from the University of Lovanium and you know uh uh you know you know uh um like I mean like holds a doctorate in African studies from the University of Paris.
In Season 4 she tries to interrogate a suspect well so um I mean so like you know I mean I mean you know for the first time and concedes that the interpersonal you know well well so uh okay well well I mean well aspects of the job and interrogations are still exclusively Booth's area of expertise.
He was conferred with dean emeritus and professor emeritus like you know uh uh like like okay well so I mean status by the University of Colorado in August 1999, he was named president of KBDI / 12.
In 1793 he was engaged for 4 years so like well um like like well like you know uh in diplomatic work in Travnik as commercial attaché, where he also helped Jewish merchants in Sarajevo.
Mentally sound and emotionally secure ones should normally not show the you know I mean so um well like okay I mean um um soft submissive temperament seen in lap dogs although many exhibit this behaviour due to proper training.
His most recent work is seen in AC / DC's like so okay I mean um I mean you know you know um well 2008 release Black Ice, the promotional shots were featured in more than 10000 print publications since Oct 2008.
Societies formed criminal justice systems (some argue also uh okay so you know I mean so I mean okay um I mean ethical traditions and religions) to defuse just such deep like okay uh okay okay um well um uh well ystems always impose trained judges who are presumed so uh um okay uh you know okay okay well like to have an ethical relationship and also a clear obligation to all who come before them.
The East Valley is a growing area of the Greater I mean well like you know I mean so okay okay um okay Phoenix region that encompasses the communities of Mesa, Chandler, so like okay like um okay I mean I mean so like Tempe, Gilbert, Ahwatukee and (in some definitions) Scottsdale, Queen Creek, Apache Junction, and San Tan Valley.
The African Wild Dog is a medium sized canid found you know well like like uh so I mean like okay uh only in Africa, especially in savannas and other lightly wooded areas.
Arthur Fonzarelli was born to an Italian - American family in his mother were abandoned by his father.
The Multicolor Shirts' agenda is to make the Red Shirt leaders so so well I mean I mean uh uh uh okay you know accountable for the damages and crimes, while supporting the well okay so well um so I mean um like um approach of the command of the armed forces that ordered its troops to crack down the protests.
In 2005 he joined the faculty at the University of so I mean like well uh okay well uh uh um Texas at Austin, where he is the Dickson Allen Anderson Centennial you know so I mean like like so uh okay um so Professor of History and Professor of Government, and holds the Jack S. Blanton Sr. Chair in History.
The competition to get into bookstores is extreme, and I mean I mean um um you know well I mean okay um I mean the terms of trade (discounts and return privileges especially) can be financially onerous.
Upon returning to Scotland he continued his academic career, I mean um um you know uh well okay um uh I mean tutoring for the Open University, founding the Unit for the I mean um well okay I mean like you know you know well you know Study of Government in Scotland at the University of Edinburgh, and becoming Rector of the University of Aberdeen.
The club, formed in 1993 by Syriac immigrants arriving from okay well I mean well so uh like you know uh okay Turkey has advanced through the league system and is uh uh okay um um like um um like uh currently playing in the third highest Swedish league, Division 1 Norra.
The newspaper publishes weekly on Mondays during fall and I mean you know like okay so I mean um I mean okay you know spring semesters and fortnightly during the two summer semester um so okay well okay uh like I mean okay well blocks and typically runs with two sections, between twelve pages and you know um like well you know so well um okay I mean sixteen pages using a broadsheet format, printed at MediaOne of Utah.
Model and 1950's Television Actress', November 9, 2000 And in like you know so like um uh you know so like I mean the 40's she began to acquire valuable experience well um so uh you know well uh you know well um as a freelance television actress, appearing on 36 programs in two years.
Dominick LaCapra (born 1939) received his B. A. From Cornell University and his Ph. D. From Harvard.
The pressure cooker bomb was removed by an NYPD okay I mean um um so well okay like you know like bomb squad robot, with the robot placing it in um so like I mean uh so you know you know so you know a 'total containment vessel' (a spherical chamber I mean uh uh so like so okay so okay okay hitched to a police truck) and driving off around 2: 25 a. M. On September 18.
On his return to Genoa in 1916 he opened his like you know um okay you know um I mean okay okay like studio and worked mainly as a portrait artist, later well okay well um so uh okay you know like so enlarging his repertoire to landscapes of his native Liguria, covering the entire region and later on even some neighbouring regions.
Today, the hunting of wolves is banned in the so okay well uh uh um um so I mean you know two countries and the Iberian Wolf are expanding to the South and East.
Haryanvi (Devanagari: हरियाणवी, also हरयाणवी), also known as Bangru (बांगरू), is the northernmost dialect of the Hindi language.
The objective of the U Family community is like okay well uh um like uh um so so to build up 'strong and happy families' in Singapore with the you know so so you know like uh uh well okay well development of family - focused initiatives and programmes to strengthen you know um okay okay uh I mean so okay uh okay family bonds and support working families with the advocation of pro-family practices at the work place.
Currently he is employed with the Meltzer Group in Bethesda, so um I mean um uh like I mean well uh you know Maryland, his wife, Elyssa was deputy director of scheduling in the office of United States Vice President Cheney.
He began racing in CART in 1998 and made his I mean I mean uh okay um okay okay I mean well you know first IRL start in 2001 and was the uh like um uh um you know you know well like like Co Rookie of the Year in the Indianapolis 500 in 2002.
Early in 2001, Windhorst's House seat went to another Republican, um so um um I mean so so uh okay like James Wayne 'Jim' Tucker, who in 2008 became Speaker of the state House.
It was written by Lavigne, Chad Kroeger, David Hodges and Martin you know like well um uh um you know okay so I mean Johnson, while the song was produced by so I mean I mean okay uh I mean I mean well um okay Kroeger and Hodges, with additional production by Brandon Paddock and Kyle Moorman.
Many have cited the general impracticality and unattractiveness of like I mean well uh I mean well okay um so like sustained first - person perspective in film as a reason um you know uh like I mean uh you know like uh well for its absence from filmed dream sequences (Walters, James well okay um um um I mean like so well um. Chapter 2 of Alternative worlds in Hollywood cinema: resonance between realms).
There was speculation that Liverpool would give their old like um well like uh um I mean you know like you know manager an easy ride and let him add to the you know I mean um uh so I mean I mean okay I mean like three title success he had managed them to in his time okay um well so I mean you know well so I mean you know there, but Roy Evans dismissed such talk and his Liverpool side defeated Dalglish's men 2 - 1.
MVaaS is often used to address the challenges of well um uh so okay like so well you know um managing distributed video systems across multiple locations and to reduce well like you know I mean um so okay you know well well the user's burden of software maintenance, ongoing operation, and support.
They eat molluscs, aquatic insects and some plants and sometimes feed at night.
When they grew older Carmela doesn't marry while Laura um well so well um well so well well I mean marries Badong who after their second child she found out he had been cheating on her.
It was equipped with tanks, halftracks, self - propelled I mean well like like so okay well you know you know uh artillery and trucks, in many cases the division made use so like um well uh okay like uh so okay of captured French vehicles that had been salvaged and modified so like okay um so I mean okay you know so um by the division's commander of Panzerjäger - Abteilung 200, Alfred Becker.
Hall made 361 appearances and scored 38 goals in eight years like well uh um uh I mean well okay like uh with Colchester, an achievement that meant the former left - half was inducted into the club's Hall of Fame.
Venancio Bacon was among the first members of the Doce Pares Club, so uh uh uh um um like uh like okay and a few months later left the club due to skepticisms of the system's effectivity.
'Twilight' is the eight episode of the third season like like you know um uh I mean I mean um well well of the American science fiction television series', originally broadcast on November 5, 2003.
While he was viewing the angels, the tree bagan to shake; someone below was cutting down the tree.
Downtown Youngstown is the traditional center of the like so so well you know um um you know you know I mean city of Youngstown, Ohio, and is shaping up to like so I mean well um you know uh uh so well become the prime arts and entertainment district in the Youngstown - Warren metropolitan area.
The National University of Ireland, Galway (NUI Galway) ( well uh like uh I mean so so you know okay like Irish 'Ollscoil na hÉireann, Gaillimh' or 'OÉ Gaillimh' ) is a tertiary - level educational institution located in Galway, Ireland.
Of course, this doesn't apply to isolated outbursts on 'bad days'.
Safety was already confirmed two weeks prior when the Swans you know uh uh you know like uh uh like um I mean drew 4 -- 4 with Wolverhampton Wanderers on okay um um so like well like you know um you know 28 April 2012, a game Swansea had led 4 -- okay um okay I mean uh I mean like um I mean okay 1, although Andrea Orlandi posted the fastest goal of the season in that match after 24 seconds.
Saad Al - Hariri (; born 18 April 1970 ) you know you know so uh okay okay so um uh I mean is a Lebanese politician and billionaire who was the Prime Minister from November 2009 to June 2011.
The first person to petition for redress was Fang Hong, um uh well you know well okay well uh I mean you know a dissident blogger who had been sent to one um well I mean so um um um I mean well um year in a labor camp for writing a poem mocking Bo.
On May 7, 2014, the Forsyth County Historic Preservation um you know uh okay uh like um like well you know Commission approved nomination of the building for the National um okay you know you know so so okay you know um you know Register of Historic Places has begun, and historic status, with its tax incentives, could make the building more attractive.
Shortly after the death of his wife, Bavo so uh I mean well okay I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean decided to reform himself upon hearing a sermon preached by a monk, Saint Amand.
After the war, approximately 80 % of the Loyalists like uh so so okay I mean uh like okay I mean stayed in the United States; however, perhaps 70, 000 loyalists well uh okay okay I mean like I mean so uh uh sought refuge elsewhere in the British Empire, often with financial help from the Crown.
After winning the Tokyo Gunpla Collection battle, Karin is chosen um okay well you know uh so so so well I mean as the Gunpla Battle Championship's image character, however, when okay uh okay okay um you know so so I mean so she realizes that she is pregnant with her second child, you know well um okay okay I mean so so like so she is forced to resign from that position and give it to Mirai.
It is dubbed the first 'teleserye' on Philippine television, as so um you know okay so uh okay uh so so well as the first ever Philippine television series broadcasted outside of the country.
Both men were also principals with major responsibilities at RailAmerica um so uh okay uh okay well like well um as well, although the ownership of FEC and RailAmerica were not linked so like um well okay so I mean so okay I mean corporately, and the spinoff of RailAmerica as a publicly traded company did not include FEC.
The most exclusive events were held at the town I mean you know um I mean I mean I mean like okay you know so mansions of leading members of the aristocracy; exclusive public venues such as Almack's played a secondary role.
Dashashwamedh Ghat (Hindi: दशाश्वमेध घाट) is the main ghat in well I mean so so you know um um uh um well Varanasi on the Ganges River, it is located close to 'Vishwanath Temple', and is probably the most spectacular ghat.
A long - time supporter of the Republican Party, Silberman, um uh okay okay uh um okay so well like as a judge, issued controversial rulings during the Iran - Contra Affair and the Monica Lewinsky scandal.
The winner of the competition was 22 - year okay uh well you know uh I mean well so like well - old Chloe Keenan from Llandudno making Chloe the first Welsh winner of the franchise.
Mathias Christen (born 18 August 1987) is an international footballer so uh so so well um you know like you know like from Liechtenstein who plays club football for Port Lions you know okay okay you know okay like well I mean like I mean F. C. In the Thai Premier League, as both a midfielder and a striker.
California still has habitat for about 500 grizzlies, and like uh you know so um like okay uh okay um if the North Cascade population recovers and expands, it may be introduced to California.
Brown earned his pilot wings on 21 October 1948 you know um um uh so so well so you know well amid a flurry of press coverage; in January 1949 he was assigned to Fighter Squadron 32 aboard the.
Karčev started his career on the youth team of FK I mean I mean well you know you know well I mean so so okay Partizan in Serbia before moving back to Macedonia you know you know um you know okay well uh you know um I mean to play with FK Borec, FK Pelister and FK Rabotnički.
The team remained in Phoenix until the MLB expanded in uh um well I mean well um like I mean so well 1998 with the Diamondbacks, which forced a move of the former Seals franchise.
The Marquisate granted to Cortés wasn't a geographically unified estate, consisting um so you know well uh uh I mean well you know like of separate areas in different parts of Mexico, covering a total extension of over 11. 500 square kilometres.
In 1995 he assumed the role of General Manager of uh um you know uh okay so like well like okay the UIC and went on to publish several books, like well I mean I mean um like uh well so so including 'Responsible Dominion -- a Christian Approach to Sustainable Development' (2006) 'and' Nuclear Energy in the 21st Century' (2006).
The GZ250 is the only model currently produced well well okay okay uh I mean um I mean uh okay and available in the United States, while so well I mean like uh I mean um um you know well the GZ125 is available in the UK, currently missing from Suzuki's UK website as of July 2012.
By this time, with the Japanese controlled nearly all of okay well I mean uh so so you know uh uh uh Southeast Asia; the peninsula, and the island of Corregidor, were uh um like well you know well um so um uh the only remaining Allied strongholds in the region.
The Western honey bee is the third insect well I mean um you know uh well uh uh okay you know to have its genome mapped, and is unusual in having very few transposons.
She became Pakistan's Special Envoy on UN Reforms, representing the you know okay so um okay I mean uh um okay um country on many international visits. Now days she I mean well I mean well you know um you know okay um uh is working as Director Current Affairs of Pakistan's News TV Channel Dunya TV.
He was originally from Verata near Drauniivi in the you know okay so you know so okay um you know uh um Navitilevu Bay, Ra and resided along the Dewala Creek in the interior of Nakorotubu.
The Protectionist minority government fell in November 1908 to I mean so you know okay I mean so I mean I mean well um Labour led by Andrew Fisher, while the Labour minority uh so like I mean like like well um you know you know government fell in June 1909 to the newly - formed Commonwealth Liberal Party led by Deakin.
He died in Chicago, Illinois, and was interred in Calvary Cemetery, Evanston, Illinois.
Her latest release, 'Cocktail (2012 film)' fetched her a so um I mean uh well um well okay like um Best Actress nomination at the Filmfare Awards for uh um um like uh okay well well uh well the third time and the Smita Patil Memorial Award For Best Actress.
American poet Jane Miller compared her functions as an archetype uh like so you know uh you know I mean you know um so directly inside contemporary culture with the Black Madonna And Professor John R. May concluded that Madonna is a contemporary 'gesamtkunstwerk'.
He returned to North Carolina to attend school at Duke University okay well um like so like uh okay you know um where he was the first Duke basketball player to um like you know well okay like uh okay uh okay earn All - America honors, officially becoming a Yankee rookie in 1930.
Both have ancient roots as storytelling and artistic devices, and most cultures have traditional fables with anthropomorphized animals as characters.
Ben Kaba Born in Marseille, France is one of the most uh uh like uh um uh um well so like sought after DJs in the NYC nightlife scene right at the moment.
A press photographer who was covering the riot in Newtownabbey okay you know okay okay I mean uh um you know I mean uh was robbed at knifepoint, while a bus was set um uh I mean uh uh okay like um well like alight in the same area and a car was hijacked in north Belfast.
Perdoor also has B. M Primary School, which so okay like like you know I mean well uh um okay was started more than 100 years back providing um uh I mean you know like okay you know so well so education up to 7th grade, and also has one other Primary school called AP School.
It flies in small flock, comprising 6 - 8 individuals. They are the major member in bird - wave.
Manalo nearly won his first world title at the okay you know I mean I mean okay I mean I mean okay I mean I mean 2004 WPA World Eight - ball Championship, but lost okay okay okay I mean well um well uh well okay to his compatriot, Efren Reyes, by a score of 11 - 8.
The ruler that relies on his abilities is you know like so like you know like well um like well the worst ruler; impartial laws and regulations allow him to utilize his power to the utmost.
He goes to Alma's house and finds out through you know so okay okay I mean uh okay well well you know his mother that Alma attempted suicide by slashing her uh uh well okay I mean um like well uh okay wrists and even wrote a suicide note, saying that if like um uh so uh um so well so I mean she can't live with Orson, she doesn't want to live at all.
The East London Line closed on 22 December 2007 okay you know well so okay so okay you know so well and reopened on 27 April 2010, becoming part of the new London Overground system.
Abercrombie has recorded principally with the Manfred Eicher's ECM label; his I mean well like uh I mean uh you know so you know so first notable recordings were two albums with the jazz - rock band Dreams in 1970.
Producers Dave Finkel, Brett Baer, and writer Luvh Rakhe, okay um well uh okay I mean you know like you know so came up with most of the obscure American history facts, but much was cut from the finished episode.
Taylor Bennett (born January 19, 1996) is an American like uh uh so you know um so like I mean okay hip hop recording artist from the West Chatham neighborhood of Chicago, Illinois.
Ignoring the Master of Darkness's claim that everyone I mean um um I mean well okay you know well so I mean will get killed if he does so, Andy uh uh well like well okay so I mean well uh puts the final piece of on rock, you know you know you know uh uh like I mean so like well which then falls into the portal, which begins destroying um um okay like um well so like like so the castle and the platform that the Master of Darkness floats on.
In 2001, he was one of four Canadian Alliance MPs well you know well okay well like I mean so like um to break party ranks and vote against the Chrétien government's you know I mean like um okay so well like so like Anti-Terrorism Act, arguing that it violated traditional civil liberties and like um you know okay you know uh like so I mean okay should be time - limited by a 'Sunset Clause'.
The film recounts the fight of the United States well okay like okay I mean so you know like I mean okay Marines in the Battle of Guadalcanal, which occurred only a year before the movie's release.
Eye contact and facial expressions provide important social and well uh like you know you know like so well okay I mean emotional information; people, perhaps without consciously doing so, probe each other's eyes and faces for positive or negative mood signs.
The whole peninsula is famous for its turquoise water, um um so so I mean um like so well uh the coast is a series of coves and dotted with resorts.
Outrigger canoes can be quite large fishing or transport you know uh like okay okay uh like so so like vessels, and in the Philippines, outrigger canoes ( called 'bangka', 'parao' or 'balanghai' ) are often fitted with petrol engines.
Cannabis Social Clubs became popular in the United States during prohibition, so uh I mean so I mean I mean okay so so um it was often used as a legal intoxicant being that alcohol was illegal.
Available since April 2009 on SourceForge for download, OpenSearchServer was so I mean well you know you know you know well well you know you know developed under the GPL v3 license and offers a series of um like okay like so you know okay like uh well full text lexical analyzers and can be installed on different platforms (Windows, Linux, Macintosh).
A wide variety of species provide edible seeds -- most like uh uh uh you know like well you know I mean well are from angiosperms, but a few come from gymnosperms.
In 1978, the JFK Express began service and stopped at this so uh okay so uh so I mean you know well okay station on racing days; the Aqueduct Specials ceased operation altogether in October 1981.
These animal experiments demonstrate that feature detectors seem to like like okay okay I mean so okay uh um so be a very primitive development, that is, it did not result from the higher cognitive development of humans.
A 'calung' is a bamboo tube xylophone used in uh I mean well well okay um well um like uh the Sundanese music of West Java usually played by three or more men (women seldom play it).
The two are surprised to meet each other and agree to uh so you know okay you know I mean so well well you know call each other after they both wake up to see well so okay you know uh uh uh so I mean like if they were both really there and then Tyler uh like well uh uh okay um you know like well uses the key on a gate nearby which takes him back to his bedroom.
Some cars were fitted with vane - type superchargers, as the so um I mean um um well I mean uh um well three main bearing engine was liable to crankshaft failure if um I mean you know well okay well uh like well you know revved beyond 6, 500 rpm; superchargers allowed a TR4 um well like like so like I mean okay okay I mean to produce much more horse - power and torque at relatively modest revolutions.
It was originally composed of 50 operators; however, this number um okay okay I mean uh you know so well so well has since increased to well over 90 full - time operators.
Some of the land origianlly deeded for the so uh um you know you know you know like I mean well um new campus was sold and developed with homes, but uh like so so I mean okay um like well um in 1949 Bellarmine Univerity located to the area originally planned as a campus.
The journal provides an ongoing examination of um like so you know um so so I mean so I mean Dickinson, one of the most influential American poets, and her place in women's literature.
Tyner was the Communist Party's vice presidential nominee in 1976 as the running mate of Gus Hall.
It is based on the 2010 book of the um um you know I mean well uh so so so you know same name by Michael Lewis, about the Financial crisis of 2007 -- like so um I mean okay so uh um okay okay 2010 by the build - up of the housing and credit bubble.
After joining the group, Head's lobbying led to increased recognition uh well I mean um like uh uh well I mean I mean for survivors, and she successfully negotiated that they be I mean you know okay like um like you know I mean okay you know given access to Ground Zero, which they previously did not have.
In addition to his Project Runway appearances (see below), since okay uh um okay well well like I mean well well 2008, Verreos has been a regular panel member on TV you know okay okay I mean well like well so so I mean Guide Network's Fashion Wrap, which covers the Oscars, Grammys, like I mean well well okay um uh so um okay Golden Globes, Emmy Awards and Screen Actors Guild Awards each year.
Stord' fired her eight torpedoes she was about 1500 uh okay I mean I mean you know uh you know I mean okay I mean yards from Scharnhorst, her artillery also engaged the Scharnhorst and hits were observed.
What makes the Karstedt catalyst unique is the vinyl - so you know okay so um uh I mean I mean well so siloxane as a starting reagent, with a platinium halide with result in a catalyst that contains no halides.
In 1807 under the command of Commander E Kittoe she like um so uh um um like uh like I mean served in the Mediterranean, and in 1808, under the same captain, in South America.
Located in the Carriage House is the Pioneer Museum, so okay like well well so you know so like well which features a collection hand - made tools and farm implements from the late 1800s.
It also provides a platform for consensus - so like you know okay well um uh like well okay building and networking on key issues. Extending its okay so okay okay um okay I mean um okay you know agenda beyond business, CII assists industry to identify and execute corporate citizenship programmes.
Most Plant - Fungi HGT events are ancient and rare um so um like okay uh I mean well uh uh but possibly provided variable gene functions like greater substrate use and habitat spread for plants and fungal species.
He is a native of Monroe, Louisiana, where he attended Ouachita I mean well like so you know okay like so uh I mean Christian School where he led his team to a 2a State Championship title in Football.
A Novel', and 'Mr. Sebastian and the Negro Magician' while his well uh uh uh okay like well you know like like short stories have been published in a number of anthologies and magazines, including 'The Year's Best Fantasy and Horror.
She asks what they want her to do, and Mr. Bennet so okay uh so like you know you know uh well okay explains that her that Chandra has a list with um well I mean uh well you know like well well so Claire's name on it and that he wants her to get Claire's name off the list.
Spencer High School, located at 4340 Victory Drive in so I mean well okay um I mean uh so well I mean Columbus, Georgia, was established on November 29, 1930, by I mean okay uh okay like I mean um well you know well the Columbus Public Schools as the first African American high school in Columbus.
Jacob spent three successful seasons playing for Rotherham, making 51 appearances so you know like uh I mean uh well so like okay for Rotherham between 2002 and 2005 he was a uh uh um um uh so um well um so key member of the promotion winning side and featured in their Premiership campaign in 2003 - 04.
Throughout her career, besides contributing her vocal to Girls like uh okay you know well well like like I mean I mean 'Generation's songs, Soo - young has helped penning the well like uh I mean you know uh I mean like so you know lyrics for two songs: 'How Great is Your Love' (2011) and 'Baby Maybe' (2013).
Einsiedeln is a Benedictine monastery in Einsiedeln town, in the okay I mean well uh uh you know you know well like um Canton of Schwyz, Switzerland, dedicated to Our Lady of uh okay so um so like okay I mean so so the Hermits, that title being derived from the circumstances of okay like um like so um I mean well you know I mean its foundation, from which the name Einsiedeln is also said to have originated.
Resubelpara popularly known as Resu, is the headquarters of okay okay you know um okay um uh you know like okay North Garo Hills District in the state of Meghalaya this town is situated alongside the Damring River.
The album's iconic cover image of the jack of diamonds uh so like uh um I mean okay you know well I mean playing card being shredded by a bullet is used uh you know okay uh I mean I mean um like you know like in the music video of 'Twilight Zone' in which the card represents the life of the rogue espionage agent.
Almost all the natural electrical sources are constant voltage sources okay like like well well I mean um um you know okay (primary and secondary batteries); however, there are no convenient, constant well I mean I mean uh um okay okay well uh I mean current sources in nature (excepting inductors, Van der Graaf generators and photodiodes).
Work on 'Ursa Major' began shortly after the release well you know um well you know uh like um okay um of 'Out of the Vein' in 2003, however, frontman Stephan Jenkins's writer's block slowed down the album's progress.
Classically trained he is a graduate of the so you know like you know so you know you know so like like Royal Scottish Academy of Music & Drama he won you know like um um uh so okay uh well um a Laurence Olivier Bursary in 2004 in association with the Society of London Theatre.
In 1753 he returned to London, having made well um so so uh like uh I mean well okay no profit with the exception of the sale of uh you know uh I mean like um okay well okay you know his farm for a small sum, and was 'gloriously okay well so I mean well like well so okay well out of humour' when he found that Thomas had further mismanaged the Welsh estates which were again mortgaged.
Half a dozen irregularly recurring children also would remain, including Mary Ann Jackson's younger brother Dick.
The XXVC game setting was therefore made, using the you know well I mean well I mean like you know okay um you know 'Dungeons & Dragons 2nd Edition' rules with some small um you know you know I mean uh well um I mean okay you know differences, set in a new version of the Buck Rogers world.
After completion of the expressway, the George Washington Bridge Bus Terminal and you know like uh um well uh like you know I mean like a series of four high - rise apartment buildings were built by Marvin Kratter over the expressway.
The company operates via its stores' small - scale catering okay well uh I mean um so well you know you know you know services. And in some metropolitan areas there are meals on wheels deals.
Damath is an educational board game consists a combination of board game Dama (Checkers) and Mathematics.
However, a public group were formed, calling themselves 'Friends of Northwood House', and the idea was shelved.
In addition Spencer though that as all institutions grew they become so like okay uh well okay I mean okay okay uh evermore corrupted by the influence of power and money, eventually losing its 'original spirit, and sinks into a lifeless mechanism'.
Marc Brašnić (born 21 October 1996) is a Croatian footballer uh well okay okay I mean I mean okay uh so well who plays as a striker for Fortuna Köln, on loan from Bayer 04 Leverkusen.
The group is a South African financial services group so like like so okay well so okay uh uh that is listed on the Johannesburg Stock so uh you know you know um you know okay so like you know Exchange (JSE) and is regarded as South Africa's largem's head office is located in Cape Town.
Due to the fact Hachijō - jima is a volcanic so well like so you know um so like uh well island there are a few black sandy beaches, the main one is next to the main harbour of Sokodo.
Nightstar ( Nightwing and Starfire's child ) and Offspring, okay well like um well well uh you know like um the son of Plastic Man - before discovering it to be unnecessary due to Hypertime.
She reported the crime to the Al - Shabaab like um well I mean um well I mean um I mean I mean Islamist militia in Kismayo, which at the time uh okay so okay okay I mean uh I mean like I mean controlled the court system, and was subsequently arrested, accused of committing adultery, and sentenced to death by stoning.
The Reverend John Bethune, (1751 ~ Sept. 23, 1815) immigrated to North Carolina from Scotland in 1773.
Geoffrey Stephen Kirk (3 December 1921 -- 10 March 2003) was a uh uh you know okay um um so uh well okay British classical scholar, known for his books on Ancient Greek literature and mythology.
The Roland Jupiter - 6 (JP - 6) is a synthesizer manufactured uh okay like so uh I mean I mean um okay so by the Roland Corporation introduced in January 1983 as a less expensive alternative to the Roland Jupiter - 8.
Lipman Hearne is the largest full - service marketing and well okay so I mean like uh well I mean you know like communications firm dedicated to serving the nonprofit sector, and develops I mean so like um uh well uh I mean you know um marketing solutions for nonprofit and government organizations serving the public interest.
He was aware of how different the two tracks were like okay like I mean so like you know um okay uh and that it would be 'exciting' to visit the so um uh well I mean uh okay I mean I mean well city for the first time and his team wanted to like well okay I mean um I mean you know like you know I mean maximise every detail feasible and could not wait to drive on the track.
The name 'giant' is thought to be given to the antelope you know uh okay you know you know well like uh so like mainly due to its great size, but so well uh uh so I mean you know okay you know okay it is actually because of its large horns that are thick at the base and divergent.
The total length of the tunnel would be 8, 580m being the longest tunnel built on the country.
No evidence was found that the design was um okay you know I mean okay you know I mean um uh okay submitted to the RLM but it was the design well um you know uh okay like I mean uh um like of Walter Günter with his engineers Eichner and Hohbach like um you know okay I mean uh you know I mean um um still working on project until summer of 1945 under the U. S. Supervision.
Graduating from Saint Francis Seminary in 1964, Glass attended I mean okay well um so you know um I mean I mean you know the University of Evansville where he received a Bachelor um so I mean um well you know um I mean well well of Arts degree double majoring in Drama and Literature.
Valkia was once the queen of a great tribe who gained okay okay okay you know um um like okay okay well the attention of Khorne when she slew anyone um well well well okay so I mean you know I mean you know in her tribe to question her right to rule.
Pintados is the term used by Spanish colonists to describe um you know okay you know well um so so um I mean the tattooed bodies of the people residing in like uh I mean so well so so I mean I mean okay the islands of Cebu, Bohol, and Leyte in the Biçayas (Visayas) Region of the Philippines.
Kevin Penny is an English professional rugby league player for uh um uh um like uh um so okay you know Warrington Wolves in the Wakefield Trinity, on loan for Harlequins RL and for Widnes and Swinton in rugby league's Championship.
When examining throughput, the term 'Maximum Throughput' is frequently so like like well um uh okay I mean like okay used. Where end - user maximum throughput tests are discussed in detail.
Love metal is a sub-genre of alternative rock, with well uh you know I mean you know okay you know I mean uh uh the mix of romantic lyrics concentrating on love, and the heavy beats from heavy metal.
Colorado syndicated columnist, humorist, and a professional member of the Society of Professional Journalists.
His PhD thesis was on the subject of so so I mean okay um I mean well I mean uh so Homeric Odes and was carried out under the philosopher Franz August Wolf.
First announced in August 2006, this version is based on like um uh you know um I mean okay you know I mean you know a different model than the earlier two editions, and resembles a traditional Shoot - the - Chutes boat ride.
On a railway trip across the Indian continent, the okay you know well you know okay okay okay um um okay king soon tired of the long journey and was so okay you know um like like well okay uh well bored and restless by the time they reached Bombay on June 3.
In February 2011 a Y100 Nottingham - Southwell - I mean so like uh you know okay you know I mean uh well Newark (Peak time only) was operated briefly with the service okay well I mean uh I mean um you know well so so being withdrawn 16 April 2011 following an increase in activity from the other operator along the route.
Since the development of high - speed broadband Internet, uh I mean okay uh so well um you know so so online friendships have changed significantly; it is possible uh you know I mean uh um you know um you know okay uh to hold real - time audio and video well I mean okay you know you know well like I mean I mean like conversations over the Internet (creating telepresence), providing levels of interactivity beyond plain text.
On 25 July 1944, German dictator Adolf Hitler declared like I mean well well okay so okay so like so the city of Breslau to be a fortress ( 'festung' like um um you know so so okay I mean like so ) and indicated that it was to be defended at all costs.
If the official or permitted person was the plaintiff um I mean I mean um I mean you know uh I mean um uh the action was begun via an attachment of um okay well like like like um okay um okay privilege; if he was the defendant it was done by bill.
Tracy was born in Cincinnati has lived uh like um like so uh so well so uh in Ohio all her life and attended Colerain High School.
He learned chord melodies by playing a mandolin tuned like a so uh so um you know you know um uh you know I mean ukulele and listened to Bix Beiderbecke, Louis Armstrong, and Eddie Lang.
The Invasions of Epidamnus refers to two events occurring well so okay okay well so you know okay well so in 229 BC, that involved Illyrian forces under Teuta attacking uh so like well um um well you know um okay the city as part of the Illyrian Conquests took I mean like I mean so like okay like uh okay you know place in Spring 229 BC between the Greeks of Epidamnus and the forces of the Kingdom of Illyria.
Robert Marijanovic (born 6 May 1980) is a Croatian well so um um okay I mean well so so well darts player who qualified for the 2013 PDC World Darts Championship after coming through the Eastern European qualifier.
Marcus Lamb (born October 7, 1957 in Cordele, GA) uh okay you know well um um so uh you know so is a Minister, Christian broadcaster, founder, president, and CEO uh um so uh um you know so well I mean I mean of the Daystar Television Network, the fastest growing Christian Television Network in the world.
Lockers are normally quite narrow, of varying heights like like like you know I mean uh so so um uh and tier arrangements, and public places with lockers often contain large numbers of them.
Since 2009 the city has the German name 'Polnisch Neudorf' that well uh well I mean like okay well uh like I mean was used before the year 1914 notable is that the you know like well I mean you know like like so well you know name 'Neudorf in Oberschlesien' was not used, even if the name change was before 1933 - 45.
He is influenced by house, UK garage, R&B and the I mean you know you know so well okay like well well I mean old skool rave / jungle techno sound and releases okay okay so well okay okay so well so you know his music primarily on Hospital Records, the UK based, independent dance music label.
Practically, 'Cantonese' can be used to mean all okay um okay okay I mean so you know well so um the dialects in the Guangdong (Canton) province, and the I mean so okay so like okay okay okay okay um Cantonese spoken in Guangzhou (Canton) are actually a bit different both in accent and vocabulary than that in Hong Kong.
He was born at Port Fairy, Victoria on 1 July 1876, so you know like you know so so I mean uh I mean so and worked first as a school teacher in Maryborough and okay okay you know like so like well well so I mean Rockhampton in Queensland, then as a lawyer in Rockhampton and Brisbane.
His father, an economist and broadcaster who opposed Hitler, um so like like like okay I mean okay um um left Germany in January 1933, and seven months old, John uh um okay I mean like well I mean um like um and his mother arrived in England where his father had well like like um you know uh okay I mean uh okay secured work as a journalist on the now defunct 'News Chronicle'.
The station is located on the Milwaukee District / uh well okay uh uh I mean like you know so uh West, North Central Service and Milwaukee District / North so okay I mean well well well okay you know okay I mean lines, and is the last inbound stop for these three lines before the terminus at Union Station.
Peggy O'Neal is an Australian lawyer who, as so I mean so I mean um like well um so I mean of October 2013, serves as the president of the I mean uh okay well you know um like well um okay Richmond Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL), okay well okay like so like well I mean I mean well the first woman in AFL history to serve as a club president.
In the absence of other governmental representatives, Burnett became well um so well well well well okay well you know the 'de facto' dictator of Charleston until the town was well um uh like uh so you know I mean uh um abandoned around 1889, at which time he left Charleston and became Justice of the Peace in nearby Pearce.
His interest in calendar reform began when he I mean okay I mean well I mean you know um I mean so okay was working at a railroad company, and found that monthly you know so uh I mean uh um um you know you know so accounting was greatly complicated by the fact that months did not divide evenly into weeks.
Sharman was raised in the rural city of Porterville, okay like okay so so um like like uh well California and is mostly known for his time with the Boston so you know um so okay well okay well well okay Celtics in the 1950s, partnering with Bob Cousy in what some consider the greatest backcourt duo of all time.
In 570 BC, Cyprus was conquered by Egypt under Amasis well um you know um well I mean so um you know you know II. This brief period of Egyptian domination left its influence well I mean like um so so so okay okay uh mainly in the arts, especially sculpture, where the rigidity well so you know you know you know like okay like so like and the dress of the Egyptian style can be observed.
In late 2008, Chorley FM worked in Conjunction with Search I mean you know like uh so I mean well uh so so for a Star (Launched as a joint project so okay you know you know well well so well okay I mean with the Daily Star Sunday), a talent contest in partnership with Bobby Ball and Casey - Lee Jolleys.
Today, the mine remains open for tourists, who can tour portions of the underground mines and pan for gold.
Many Jets fans wanted the stadium built, no matter what okay you know you know you know uh so you know uh okay you know the cost, while some New York Giants fans opposed the stadium solely because they disliked the rival Jets.
She has studied at the National Theatre Institute, has I mean like um okay so like you know well uh so a degree from Boston College, and won a full scholarship um well uh uh you know well so okay so um to the Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Art in London.
In cave diving, a Torricellian chamber is a cave you know okay okay I mean like you know like I mean uh um chamber full of water at less than atmospheric pressure well okay okay um I mean okay you know um uh well which is formed when the water level drops uh you know uh uh so I mean you know okay um I mean and there is no way for air to get into the chamber.
Thomas John Wood (September 25, 1823 -- February 26, 1906) was you know so well so like okay like okay so uh a career United States Army officer and a Union general during the American Civil War.
One of his early clients was Moorfield Storey, a white okay well okay okay I mean I mean um so uh okay Boston attorney who later went on to become president of like uh I mean uh like I mean I mean okay um uh the American Bar Association (ABA) and founding president of um okay I mean okay so uh um like um like the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP).
Aunt Bam tells Shirley of how Joyce needs to uh well I mean well you know I mean well okay I mean like find a man, but Joyce insists that she doesn't well well so you know so okay you know I mean I mean so need one; however Aunt Bam also tells Shirley I mean okay well um uh okay okay you know I mean okay that she invited Madea to come over and talk to the children.
Although a town had been there for many I mean okay uh uh um so I mean like like uh years, silver was discovered in the local mountains in I mean uh you know you know well okay uh okay well like 1772 and a few years later in 1779 the village was officially founded.
Ricardo Francisco Rojas Trujillo (born May 7, 1974 so you know um okay so uh um you know so so in Vallenar, Chile) is a Chilean football (soccer) player who recently played for Colo - Colo in the.
In theory, a run down the hill would you know so um so like so uh uh well you know consist of straight sections across the hill, followed by sharp I mean um uh okay well I mean you know like uh um turns to the complementary angle, as if the skier is being reflected from the edges of the run.
Ana was rich and Sara was very poor with no so okay I mean I mean uh like you know well well okay father (daddy) around her and so her mom was selling vegetables at the market for a living.
Mount Ainslie or Mount Ainslie - Majura is part of so okay so so I mean um so okay you know you know Canberra Nature Park and borders on the cities inner suburbs of Campbell, Ainslie and Hackett.
Irredentism is one of the reasons China insisted on assuming like um like like you know okay um you know so um sovereignty over Hong Kong and Macau, as the physical land like um you know uh you know um um okay I mean um on which Hong Kong and Macau stand used to be you know you know okay um um well I mean you know uh uh part of China before the founding of the two territories by the British and the Portuguese, respectively.
Lysak was able to kayak until 2002 and was you know like okay um um like so I mean you know you know reported to be in fair health in 2008, at which point he was living in Fremont, California with his two sons.
Quinon's world record was short - lived; on September 1, 1983, his countryman Thierry Vigneron beat it by one centimetre.
On January 26, 2016, Huntington Bank announced it would purchase FirstMerit, uh okay like okay I mean like you know like okay so subject to regulatory approval, in a deal that would make Huntington the largest bank in Ohio.
In 1788 the head tailor of the Royal Swedish like so like okay um well I mean um you know so Opera received an order to sew a number of uh I mean well okay well I mean so I mean well uh Russian military uniforms that later were used in an exchange like okay I mean well uh um okay well well uh of gunfire at Puumala, a Swedish outpost on the Russo - Swedish border, on June 27, 1788.
He returned in late July 2011, losing his spot as the closer to teammate Ryan Madson.
Evening courses are offered through continuing education in both so well okay uh I mean well like um uh you know credit and non credit division and corporate training is available as well.
Hakomi is a method for helping people transform okay so uh well like well I mean okay so um their way of being in the world through working with core material and changing core beliefs.
It is rare to pluralize 'furniture' in this way and 'information' ever pluralized.
The Fatih Mosque was constructed by order of Fatih Sultan well so so I mean uh um like like uh okay Mehmed the Conqueror from 1463 - 1471, on so you know like okay I mean like I mean like uh I mean the site of the former Byzantine Church of the Holy like like like you know uh okay like uh like well Apostles, whose ruins served as a quarry to supply building materials for the new mosque.
When the Veil corners the Doctor, he admits he is afraid okay um well like so so I mean um you know like to die; suddenly the Veil halts and the castle reconfigures itself, allowing the Doctor to escape.
In July 1994, Wei Xu at Trusted Information Systems continued this research, which was completed successfully on BSDI.
As is the pattern throughout the book of Judges, the uh I mean so well um okay um I mean uh like Israelites again turned away from God after 40 years like well like you know okay you know well you know I mean uh of peace brought by Deborah's victory over Canaan and like so like uh you know so well okay like so were allowed to be oppressed by the neighboring Midianites and Amalekites.
As revenge for being fired, Sal orders his henchmen uh you know you know you know you know okay well so um well to kidnap Beethoven for the million - dollar well like you know uh well well you know okay I mean I mean ransom, which they do while Billy is flirting with his crush in the park.
Mr. Trump felt that statement was offensive to Curtis's character I mean like uh you know I mean like you know um well well and 'hitting below the belt,' and Curtis told Mr. Trump that this was a 'good depiction' of Maria's character.
' The internet exploded with questions about (Janay Rice)... Why didn't she leave?.
A popular Azeri legend gives an alternative origin: a poor young man named Zasa once lived in this village.
The color palette would have remained at 4096 colours okay you know well uh okay um so um okay okay but the resolution could go up to 1024 × 1024 I mean like like uh like um so like um well with 128 colors (7 bit color depth), additionally the chipset can address up to of Chip RAM space.
There are two competing principles for producing trees, constituency and dependency; both are illustrated here using the example sentence from above.
They are able to escape with Perry, but okay I mean uh I mean like I mean well okay okay okay during the chase, Platyborg disables one of the mine carts, slowing them down.
Billy's Boots was a popular British comic strip by so I mean well well uh like so um so like writer Fred Baker and artist John Gillatt, later continued by Mike Western.
Living Dangerously (1998) was the first Living Dangerously professional wrestling um well okay you know you know um um like uh okay pay - per - view (PPV) event produced by Extreme well I mean um you know so um well you know okay so Championship Wrestling (ECW) that took place on March 1, 1998 from you know well okay you know um so so okay well like the Asbury Park Convention Hall in Asbury Park, New Jersey.
The ore was processed by a large crusher at Gullverket, homes were constructed for managers and workers.
It purchased CSX World Terminals (CSX WT) in 2005 and the I mean like I mean I mean like you know um um well I mean then Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company (P&O) of like okay well like uh well you know I mean you know uh the United Kingdom in March 2006 for £ 3. 9 billion ($ 7 billion).
It preys on insects, spiders and lizards that become ensnared okay like uh um um so I mean you know uh so in its web, killing them with its venom before wrapping them in silk and sucking out the liquefied insides.
For example, a wrestler being irish whipped by his opponent may um so okay okay uh I mean like so uh so clip the referee -- while a wrestler would uh um like like so like um so well okay probably only be knocked back in this situation, the so uh you know so um um you know okay um like referee would most likely be knocked across the ring and act injured or knocked out.
In December 2007, Albert Kai - Wing Ng was honoured with the Order of Ontario.
Her main weapon is an electric guitar which she uses you know well uh uh I mean you know well okay uh uh as a blunt instrument, with it, she's able to send I mean so um so I mean like so okay so so strong seismic waves by smashing her guitar onto the uh uh well uh so okay you know um well like ground, allowing it to go along a trail to attack her opponent.
Their writers were regarded as being dedicated to creativity and patriotic values, like you know okay I mean uh okay uh like okay so and that is why they are still the most - in - demand comedy serials till now.
Hardik Himanshu Pandya (born 11 October 1993) is an well like you know like I mean okay uh uh um okay Indian international cricketer who plays for Baroda in domestic um like okay uh uh so okay well like okay cricket and Mumbai Indians in the Indian Premier League (IPL).
The film starred David Hayman and featured um you know I mean so um I mean um so okay I mean Hector Nicol and Fulton Mackay, is based on you know um you know okay I mean so um okay you know like the autobiography of Glasgow gangster Jimmy Boyle, who was reputed to be Scotland's most violent man.
Irishtown Stadium features a fully equipped gymnasium, aerobics studio, um so so um you know like I mean so like well meeting rooms and track and field facilities, including a 400m running track.
Kenna fought for the Southern Area title once more uh okay so I mean like so um um like well against Larry Olubamiwo in May 2010, but was knocked out in the first round.
Riad Benchadi (born November 7, 1978 in Batna) is an so like um so you know like so like so um Algerian football player who is currently playing for ES Sétif in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.
La Gloria is a municipality of the Department of um well okay I mean like okay um I mean okay um Cesar located in the Southeastern part of the Department of Cesar in Colombia.
The Kakarong Republic, based in the little fort in Pandi okay um okay so uh like um I mean okay I mean was attacked by a massive force of Spaniards that so okay like well I mean um well I mean um you know massacred the Katipuneros there, at the end of the well well like so well well so okay okay okay battle, Eusebio Roque, or Maestrong Serbio was captured by the Spaniards.
Iran remains a shareholder of Eurodif via Sofidif, a Franco - Iranian consortium shareholder which owns 25 % of Eurodif.
Cope's scientific pursuits nearly bankrupted him, but his contributions like okay like okay like well um okay okay um helped define the field of American paleontology; he was a so uh uh like uh um you know so well okay prodigious writer, with 1, 400 papers published over his I mean like you know uh uh I mean okay you know I mean like lifetime, although his rivals would debate the accuracy of his rapidly published works.
On October 4, 2011, fans unlocked 'Mission: 5', which you know okay you know like so okay okay I mean well uh meant that Rihanna would reveal the title of the album, you know like like well like okay okay you know uh uh which is, 'Talk That Talk', announced by her official Facebook page.
They were said to be BNF like and were probably inspired by BNF.
The original project its from 1771, and its conclusion well well um well you know so I mean like so you know and inauguration from 1840, was the Monsignor Mariano de so I mean so well you know like uh so you know like Talavera y Garcés, fourth bishop of Guayana, that started up the completion of the cathedral.
The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (often shortened to TMNT uh uh um um uh like uh you know you know well or Ninja Turtles) are a team of four teenage anthropomorphic turtles, uh um so I mean I mean well um like uh okay named after four Renaissance Italian artists, who were trained by their anthropomorphic rat sensei in the art of ninjutsu.
The former Fleet Bank Building, housing commercial offices and uh well like uh I mean okay like so uh so the tallest commercial building in the Town of Newburgh, now stands I mean okay you know okay I mean so I mean so I mean um on the site of the Union Grove Elementary School, demolished in the early 1980s.
Built around 1770 by the Duke of Berwick to a design by uh well I mean so you know like um you know you know okay the architect Ventura Rodríguez, it currently belongs to his so uh uh uh I mean um you know like okay I mean descendant Cayetana Fitz - James Stuart, 18th Duchess of Alba and remains a private residence.
Generally included are references to deeds, mortgages, wills, probate records, court you know I mean uh uh well you know um well well like litigations and tax sales -- basically, any essential legal documents that affect the property.
Cobra - La guards then captured Cobra Commander and uh okay uh um like you know so well like like Serpentor and took them to their hidden headquarters to um I mean like you know you know you know I mean um uh you know try Cobra Commander for his failure, and put Serpentor in his place as a leader of the serpent world to come.
The Kintetsu Buffaloes were the first Japanese team to okay okay well uh you know um so so so you know sign an American player when they signed former major league uh uh so well well like well you know uh okay pitcher Glenn Mickens and catcher Ron Bottler, who had played I mean I mean so so so well I mean okay uh I mean in 1958 for minor league clubs St. Paul and Austin, for the 1959 season.
In 1999, the Titans made it to Super Bowl XXXIV um uh so so well okay well uh okay well in which Evans started, however they lost to the Kurt Warner - led St. Louis Rams.
Weikath was born in Hamburg, Germany and was musical from a very early age.
One aunt moved to Princeton, New Jersey, where she worked as uh I mean so well okay you know well um you know um a maid, and cooked Southern - style meals for like uh I mean uh okay well uh well you know um Michelle and her brother, Craig, when they were students at Princeton University.
It is sometimes claimed locally to be the third well you know so like like like well I mean so you know - tallest such 'intertidal' (meaning it can be reached by land) you know you know um you know okay um okay um okay okay structure in the world, but there are nomonolithic rock uh I mean uh like like so uh um so um is adjacent to the beach and accessible by foot at low tide.
In his early teens he began to study symphonic orchestration so um like I mean so uh well like um so with celebrated composer Dr. Langley, and at age 15 composed his first full - scale symphony.
Though their pelagic distribution and movements are not well known, they well I mean well you know well like like I mean well you know are regularly seen around the islands as well well you know uh uh okay I mean I mean uh you know I mean as in the upwelling zone in Senegalese waters, where okay well well like well uh you know uh like okay about 10 % of the population has been recorded in October.
The carronade was designed as a short - range you know like well like okay uh well well I mean um naval weapon with a low muzzle velocity, and is so I mean so okay okay you know okay you know uh okay said to have been invented by Lieutenant General Robert Melville um okay like like okay so I mean you know you know you know in 1759 and developed by Charles Gascoigne, manager of the Carron Company from 1769 to 1779.
Ong Seok Kim passed away in 1964, the following okay so um I mean um well okay um uh uh year, the Manjung community established the Ong Seok Kim Memorial Education Fund in his honour.
He stops a riot on the way between a number like um well uh you know um I mean like uh uh of crazed tantric and upon entering the palace is introduced to Vishwamitra.
In March 2011, when asked if he was the okay uh uh uh I mean you know um um so well rightful heir, Idris said a family council would decide who well like so okay well well I mean well I mean um would be king, not an heir, and that okay um like okay I mean well okay um well you know his father had passed on to him the task of maintaining the legitimacy of the monarchy.
It was described by Per Olof Christopher Aurivillius in 1901 and is found in Malawi and Tanzania.
His male heirs died with no issue, other family lines exist including heirs of his daughters.
Although one's efforts may involve very different tasks, each incoming stimulus calls upon the same directed attention mechanism.
The station shared studio space and staff with its okay um uh uh like you know okay you know um okay sister station, talk - formatted WRRD - AM, okay you know um um well I mean well so so like until February 2008, when Salem sold both stations in separate deals.
Balbriggan RFC is an Irish rugby team based in Fingal you know uh well I mean uh uh um okay so okay County, playing in Division 2B of the Leinster League.
Since her graduation, she has performed several major roles for the like I mean so you know uh I mean like like you know okay stage, including Juliet in Romeo and Juliet she shot to so I mean so okay uh like okay uh I mean okay prominence as the lead in, among others, three record - breaking Turkish television dramas.
Season 4 was released on June 24, 2014, Season um so uh okay well well you know I mean well uh 5 on September 23, 2014 and the sixth and final Season was released on February 10, 2015.
Nigel Mansell went even faster on Saturday with a 1: okay well I mean uh um you know I mean okay so okay 19. 495 and took his sixth pole position you know uh like um um well okay you know okay like of the season with what he described as a 'totally clear lap'.
With Bohemian Silesia, Lubin in 1526 fell to the Habsburg um you know um um I mean okay okay you know like I mean Monarchy, it was devastated several times during the Thirty Years' War you know so um you know I mean like well so well like and conquered in the Silesian wars of King Frederick um so I mean uh like like so um I mean okay II of Prussia in the mid- 18th Century, becoming part of Prussia and later Germany.
Exterior Insulation and Finish Systems are sometimes nicknamed 'EIFS' um well like like so you know so um okay I mean ( pronounced 'eeefs' ) and is also known as 'synthetic stucco', and 'Dryvit'.
Although Kabalian is a Warayan language, it has mixed I mean I mean um well you know you know okay okay so you know elements of Cebuano and Surigaonon, and is not mutually intelligible with either Waray - Waray, Cebuano, or Surigaonon.
The Sega Genesis was released in the rest of North America so well uh you know uh you know I mean so uh um later that year, and was released in Europe as the Mega Drive on November 30, 1990.
Inspired by the radical cleric John Ball, and um um um like um okay like okay okay um led by Wat Tyler, Kentish rebels entered London on 13 June, you know like uh uh like okay you know so like I mean destroyed the Temple Inns of Court, and set fire to law books.
Since 1978 he lives in Berlin, he is married with four children.
He ran twice for Governor of Minnesota, but lost you know okay well well I mean so okay okay um okay the DFL endorsement to John Marty in 1994 and the primary to Skip Humphrey in 1998.
The band Nangma just toured the United States in okay okay okay well I mean um uh uh I mean you know April 2006, playing in Chicago, Minneapolis, Boston, New York, Washington DC and San Francisco.
Koottickal is a village in Kottayam district, Kerala state, south uh um like you know I mean I mean so okay you know uh India and is one of the first places in India were rubber was cultivated.
In 1995, the Met received a Central California Excellence so well like like so um so you know okay so in Business Award in the non-profit category as so uh you know um well um you know so uh you know presented by The Fresno Bee, and American Alliance of Museums accreditation status in July 2007.
Albert was indecisive about whether to besiege Bergen op Zoom so well you know um uh I mean I mean like so I mean or Breda but at the same time he had worked up I mean I mean um so you know so I mean so I mean I mean a ruse - to the Dutch eyes there was confusion about where he would strike.
He then asks if he can kiss her, to which like okay you know well uh um I mean uh you know I mean she agrees also, and he kisses her on um so you know well uh so um so okay you know the cheek, but is interrupted by Garth, the ranch hand.
The younger of two boys, Neil was born in you know you know I mean you know okay you know I mean okay uh so Adams, North Dakota, a farmer's son of Swedish and well um you know okay uh uh uh so um uh Norwegian descent, he got his start playing the banjo and soon added guitar and violin.
A small gauge railroad ran through Lassen County you know like you know so uh so um you know okay um from 1880 to 1927 was called the Nevada - you know so like okay um um okay okay okay like California - Oregon Railway, and was the longest small gauge of the century.
As a relatively young man, Archibald Douglas participated as well well so I mean so like so uh okay um a volunteer in the Civil War of 1918 in Finland, okay uh like okay I mean so you know okay you know you know and received in that country the rank of Lieutenant - Colonel.
In the preview of the 3rd 'Rebuild' movie, she is well well I mean uh you know well well I mean okay um at the confinement with a private conversation with an unknown character.
The province includes the Armenian exclave of Artsvashen like so I mean well I mean okay uh okay okay I mean that is surrounded by Azerbaijan that have been controlled by Azerbaijan since her capture during the Nagorno - Karabakh War.
Power Ring is the name of several DC Comics like well I mean um okay so like you know like uh supervillains: alternate reality counterparts of Green Lanterns Hal Jordan, Kyle Rayner and John Stewart, respectively.
The line was closed in 2 December 1952 and the you know well um um well I mean I mean um you know uh connecting line at Mundaring was closed in January 1954.
Hemes are most commonly recognized as components of hemoglobin, like like well like okay I mean so so you know like the red pigment in blood, but are also found in okay uh like so uh I mean um like so okay a number of other biologically important hemoproteins such as myoglobin, cytochrome, catalase, and endothelial nitric oxide synthase.
Her most notable individual work was 'Chicken Soup' (1981), like okay uh uh you know uh okay okay you know uh part of a collection of dances in a piece like um um like like okay you know well you know okay entitled 'Food for Thought', which was designated an you know um well so okay okay I mean like okay so American Masterpiece by the National Endowment for the Arts (NEA) in 2006.
Michael G. Bryson is a sports writer from so uh so uh you know like okay um okay like Des Moines and the elder brother of travel writer Bill like uh so so um like like like you know well Bryson he co-published a book with his father Bill Bryson Sr. In 1989.
He batted and threw right - handed, and was 6 feet tall and 165 pounds.
Mohammad Azhar Farooqi S / o Md Eqbal Farooqi like okay you know um so well like uh um well born & bought up in Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, India completed Btech from Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University Hyderabad.
The Church of the Higher Life was founded in Boston, Massachusetts in 1894 by Helen Van - Anderson.
Hundreds of soldiers stand in front of the palace and fire randomly into the crowd.
Willem Iskander (1840 - 1876) was an Indonesian Writer, Nationalist, I mean okay you know I mean um you know well well well you know Teacher, Education pioneer for native Indonesian in Dutch colonial times from North Sumatra.
After careful condideration, it was decided to sell the premises I mean I mean you know um um like you know well so well at Great Patrick Street, Belfast, and build a new feed mill and office block in the Belfast Harbour Estate.
Post independence the fort housed the Tamil Nadu Assembly until the like um you know so I mean I mean so um so you know new Secretariat building was opened in 2010, but shortly afterwards it you know uh like I mean you know well well um so so was again moved back to Fort St. George, due to a change in the Government.
Garett Bembridge (born July 6, 1981) is a Canadian so you know like well I mean okay you know like I mean well professional ice hockey forward who is currently playing for the Denver Cutthroats of the Central Hockey League (CHL).
As a player, he was said to be very you know like I mean uh I mean well okay so like um smart and a versatile player, playing different positions along the defensive line during his career.
By the late 1960s, he had developed a serious case like well you know okay you know like okay I mean you know okay of alcoholism and having never previously consumed anything uh I mean like uh I mean you know I mean you know like um stronger than milk, he began to drink quite heavily, and it was hard to take, according to Otis Williams.
As member of the board of Amnesty International USA okay I mean okay so like I mean you know you know like okay at the end of the 1980s/early 1990s, He claimed that Amnesty so so uh um okay uh okay well well you know International USA acted in ways closely related to United States and United Kingdom foreign policy interests.
Initially established in 1990 as San Miguel's corporate real okay uh I mean I mean so okay I mean okay uh um estate arm, its current portfolio of projects include mixed - use like okay so like uh okay okay I mean like um developments, with economy to middle - income housing as its core products.
Drug courts now refer more people to treatment than any you know uh uh I mean uh I mean okay like uh well other intervention in America, however, it should be noted I mean um well like well I mean you know well um so that often Drug courts are the only avenue for entry I mean uh so um okay well uh I mean I mean I mean into treatment in the United States, which doesn't have adequate health services.
Anne Pedersdotter was born in the city of Trondheim um I mean um uh like well like uh you know well as the daughter of an official, sister of the official of Trondheim, Sören Pedersson.
McCabe is also angry at Conner's having foiled his plan, I mean well you know you know well like you know like okay you know and so kidnaps Matt and descends to the sublevels of the building.
In the film Amasova is an agent of the you know like okay so uh um well so like um KGB, however, in the novelisation by Christopher Wood, Amasova is an agent of Otdyel IV, a department of SMERSH.
Mike Holmes (born 3 August 1963) is a uh like uh I mean you know you know like well like well Canadian professional contractor best known for his television show 'Holmes on Homes', where he rescues homeowners from renovations gone wrong.
In 1904, he emigrated to the United States, and earned B. S. In Electrical Engineering from Purdue University in 1906.
The 2013 NWT / Yukon Scotties Tournament of Hearts, the um I mean I mean okay like okay so I mean you know you know women's provincial curling championship for the Northwest Territories and uh I mean like uh so uh well uh um um Yukon, will be held from January 11 to 12 at the Fort Smith Curling Club in Fort Smith, Northwest Territories.
In his letters he continually launched into recrimination and so okay like like okay um um well like well abuse against his chiefs; he went still I mean uh you know okay like um okay like um uh further, bespattering with mud the whole French army, and I mean you know uh I mean well um uh I mean uh so even France herself, for which he predicted and hoped that new disasters were in store.
During his time at Mouchel's, while on the morning well you know so so I mean like so you know okay okay train one day from Twickenham to his office in well like so I mean okay um okay uh you know well Westminster, O’Sullivan fell into conversation with a girl commuting to a firm of estate agents in Piccadilly.
The school is architecturally divided into the primary and um I mean uh okay um you know um you know um uh secondary, bisected by the entrance road and connected via okay okay I mean uh like like um um you know okay an underpass and a gymnasium with a mezzanine, sometimes used as an art gallery.
The shell has a much flatter spire than in other 'Powelliphanta well I mean like okay um uh well well like uh rossiana' subspecies, equally smooth and glossy, but with a more open umbilicus.
They hit 'Shōhō' five times and the damage from you know uh um okay um so well okay okay so the hits knocked out her steering and power and flooded both engine and boiler rooms.
It is unknown when Wolfenbüttel was founded, but it was first mentioned in 1118.
In the 1970s the word 'tenderoni' was commonly used to well so I mean I mean okay so like okay well I mean identify a younger male or female that an older individual so I mean I mean so so I mean so I mean so you know was interested in talking to, dating, or a younger person uh you know uh you know like you know so you know I mean well one needed to stay away from because of their age.
The team name 'Trinita' is a combination of either um uh so so you know okay um um okay okay the English word 'trinity' and 'Oita' or the Italian uh well like uh you know like I mean I mean okay um word 'trinità' and expresses the will of citizen, companies, and local governments to support the team.
Avon Products, Inc, known as Avon, founded by David H so you know um you know I mean um uh um so so. McConnell in 1886 is a direct selling company in beauty, household, and personal care categories.
She is often seen with a holstered airsoft gun, um like I mean well I mean okay you know like um okay even though she is never seen using it, and was removed um well so so uh I mean so I mean you know you know in the PS2 adaption of the game; she is, however, very adept in the use of martial arts.
She started professionally auditioning in her last year of you know well like you know well well I mean I mean well I mean high school, and soon after booked her first two jobs like well uh well um I mean like okay well uh in one day, a cameo in the Academy Award you know um so uh well so um you know well well winning Juno and a part opposite Jennifer Beals in My Name is Sarah.
Hoppe was captured by the British in April 1946 okay uh uh uh uh like like well uh well in Holstein and sent to Camp 165 in well I mean uh okay so so you know um I mean I mean Watten, Scotland in August 1947 until January 1948 when like like I mean well I mean well I mean so so like he was sent to a P. O. W. Camp I mean okay well okay you know you know okay you know well I mean in Saxony which was in the British zone of occupation in West Germany.
In association with a Mr. Riley established a sheep station I mean so okay like you know uh uh well okay like in the Monaro, New South Wales district, was a successful uh so um I mean um like well uh well well exhibitor at the Agricultural Society of New South Wales show of 1832.
Smith and the officer who fired the fatal okay okay okay you know well um well okay so um shots, Dominique Heaggan - Brown, were both African American, and video like um uh uh you know um uh okay okay okay from the officer's bodycam showed that Smith had turned toward uh like okay so you know okay well so I mean okay the officer with a gun in his hand right before the officer shot him.
Worker resistance, damaging accounts of the system like 'Narrative of okay okay uh like well like I mean I mean I mean you know Events', local fears of rebellion and pressure from the um like um I mean well uh well like like like British public led the colonial assemblies to prematurely abolish the apprenticeship system in 1838.
Twin brothers, Percy and Barton Grimes find the original Brothers okay um you know okay I mean I mean I mean um well you know Grimm mannikins and decide to try the costumes on.
Pluto is also the author of over 20 so um I mean um I mean okay um I mean well uh books and a graduate of Benedictine High School in Cleveland Ohio.
The name Scope, a contraction of 'kaleidoscope,' emphasizes well uh like okay like like so I mean um I mean the venue's reconfigurability, and the logo (right) features a multi-colored, abstracted kaleidoscope image.
Every day he leaves the house, the same for okay um you know I mean you know um okay um you know I mean walking to the office; but every day he asks for money.
She congratulates Tsukasa and runs out followed by him and um okay okay I mean like um I mean so so you know he confronts her about the engagement telling her that she well well well uh so um so so um okay should not have come since it was all part of Kaede's plans.
The British remained to support the monarchy, and a pro-British prime um I mean okay okay um um you know um I mean I mean minister, Nuri al - Said, was in place until, in okay I mean okay so um well uh uh um uh 1958, monarch and politicians were swept away in a vicious nationalist army revolt.
The official video premiered on her official website on 23 okay um I mean like so I mean like uh um I mean November and then went to all UK music channels, the video I mean I mean well well okay I mean so um you know you know is black and white and sees Ferguson singing along so um you know like uh uh you know well so I mean with inter-cut scenes of various people around the streets of London.
Takhatgarh (तखतगढ), is a town in Pali District of Rajasthan state in India located near the Jalore district border.
The company was established in 2004 based out like okay uh okay okay well um like you know you know of Berwyn, Illinois, the events were held in the Berwyn Eagles um okay um okay uh uh uh you know uh so Club there sister company Shimmer Women Athletes are located in the same venue.
He is renowned as the coach who put the basis of okay like okay like uh I mean I mean okay uh um an interesting experiment in football, called 'Morisca' (The Hand um um I mean uh okay I mean like well uh I mean - Mill), in which the strikers and midfielders swapped their places during the game.
On Day 14 she left the house to receive medical you know I mean uh well uh like uh so like well attention, on Day 16 it was announced that she would not be returning.
The belly is yellow to off - white while the round iris has amber to ochre coloration.
The eruption caused airline flight cancellations as well as like uh so like I mean okay you know you know you know you know the evacuation of 4000 people from a zone with a 20 km radius from the volcano.
By 1933 the entire PRR line from Philadelphia to Penn okay okay okay I mean so like uh okay uh I mean Station had been electrified and the lines from Philadelphia to like I mean like like okay um okay um okay I mean Washington DC and Harrisburg were electrified soon afterwards.
As a punishment, Mary was sold to another Bermudian, probably Robert like uh so okay um like so so okay I mean Darrell, who sent her in 1806 to Grand Turk, okay uh I mean uh I mean like so well well so which Bermudians had used seasonally for a century for the extraction of salt from the ocean.
Julio Alberto Rico Pardillo (born 11 June 1989) is a Spanish well I mean uh uh okay um well like you know like footballer who plays for CE L'Hospitalet as a right defender or midfielder.
He served in World War I as commanding officer um uh well so okay okay like well like um of HMS 'Agincourt' in the Grand Fleet from I mean so um well so well okay so I mean okay 1914, as Second - in - Command of the so um so so okay uh I mean you know like uh 3rd Battle Squadron from 1917 and as Commander of the 3rd Battle Squadron from 1918.
Shaw is an unincorporated community in St. Louis County, Minnesota, like um well you know okay you know like so okay so United States located on County Road 15, near County Road 49 (Three Lakes Road).
Private Parts drew favorable comparisons to Lenny Bruce uh so uh like so you know like okay like so and his book 'How to Talk Dirty and Influence People', um well like okay uh I mean like okay like like but it was also characterized as nothing more than an extension of his radio show with little more to offer.
In announcing the sale to the station staff, Press Broadcasting so okay okay um you know uh well like okay okay executives said they expected to buy WKBS (UHF channel I mean okay okay so okay you know okay okay um like 48), a Philadelphia - centered station, and that all of you know like okay you know okay you know I mean you know okay okay the now former WSJT staff would be rehired when that happened.
This results is anhydrous cooking, which is able to like like uh um um you know um like uh um cook vegetables using the water inside the vegetables without any additional water and preserves more vitamins than steaming or boiling vegetables.
It was known for its brickyards, some early ones were so you know I mean like uh you know okay well so I mean established by Jacob Thackra, John Bee, and Smith B. Sickler.
'Lot of Leavin' Left to Do 'is the lead - off so you know you know so okay you know like well you know I mean single to Dierks Bentley's 2005 album 'Modern Day Drifter'.
It was organized as a county in 1837 and you know I mean well well well um you know you know um you know named by European - American settlers for U. S. President Thomas Jefferson.
In October 2006, a new campus opened in Khalifa well like okay okay okay so like well so like City, Abu Dhabi and includes a teaching hospital, a mosque, a graduate center and a sports field.
It can also refer to a graph showing the well so uh uh well well well like um I mean volume of water reaching a particular outfall, or location um uh okay uh you know uh so okay I mean like in a sewerage network, rgraphs are commonly used so you know I mean okay okay well so like well you know in the design of sewerage, more specifically, the design of surface water sewerage systems and combined sewers.
He is known for his work on Fox's tv series APB, COPS and the film Looking for Mayberry.
USS 'Barbour County' (LST - 1195) was named after Barbour County, Alabama & Barbour County, West Virginia.
In season two, Waller often forces John Diggle to work for okay so okay uh like okay okay uh okay like her on missions other A. R. G. U. S uh like well I mean you know okay you know like well um. Agents are unwilling to perform and tries to have Starling well like um so so um like I mean okay um City destroyed during Slade Wilson's attack to contain the Mirakuru soldiers, only to be stopped by John and Lyla.
The Vancouver riot took place two days after the Bellingham riot, I mean I mean um like I mean well I mean um you know like on September 7 and 8, in response to anti-Asian um I mean I mean you know um so you know so you know well activists becoming concerned with the growing Asian population during the summer of 1907 (Lee, 551).
Christophe Tiozzo (born June 1, 1963 in St. Denis, France) I mean uh like you know well you know so okay you know uh is a French former boxer who won the bronze medal at light middleweight in the 1984 Summer Olympics.
Lakes and ponds dried up; humans and animals cowered in shelters or collapsed from exhaustion.
During the following six months he organized a research um um um okay so okay okay okay like okay team to conduct a detailed case study on her, I mean uh so you know I mean um I mean uh I mean uh and in May 1971 headed a team of Children's Hospital well okay I mean you know like you know so okay well well scientists who sought and obtained a three - year grant to study Genie.
The World Cup is a men's golf tournament contested by teams of two representing their country.
In March 1942, the 30th Battalion occupied defensive positions uh I mean okay you know uh like okay I mean uh uh in North Sydney including beach defences to respond to possible so uh okay like like um um I mean like so Japanese landings at Manly, Freshwater Beach, and Greta, where um I mean I mean I mean like well like uh so okay it concentrated with the rest of the 8th Brigade before being transferred to Western Australia.
The airport is one of the busiest single runway airports in okay so you know I mean you know so you know so um you know the country and is a U. S. Customs and Border Protection port of entry.
The most famous fruit of Karbogha is peach. It is famous for the production of peaches through out Pakistan.
He also played for' 70s prog - blues band Band I mean you know like uh I mean so okay like so okay of Light, Sardine V and Ian Rilen & The Love Addicts.
As an international he played five times for Ireland you know well okay uh like I mean okay okay um so before it emerged that he was actually English and he subsequently played eight times for England.
Sully Boyar (December 14, 1923 - March 23, 2001), born so so okay okay I mean um um uh like okay Irving Boyar in Brooklyn, New York, was an American actor of Russian descent.
In October 2016, during the 2016 presidential election he became like so so I mean um like so I mean uh okay the subject of controversy when a secret 2005 recording surfaced so like I mean well I mean okay well so uh um of him and presidential candidate Donald Trump having a lewd okay you know well I mean well I mean I mean you know you know like conversation; due to this incident, Bush was suspended and later resigned from 'Today'.
Later that night, Aladdin tells his mother that he I mean I mean okay so like so so um uh um wishes to marry the princess, but she laughs and you know like um you know um well well you know well I mean tells him that a poor boy such as he would find it impossible to marry a princess.
BorgWarner instead provides the 4WD system for this more uh I mean uh so so I mean well so I mean like off - road appropriate SUV, however a Torsen Type 3 (T3) differential is used.
A devoted social worker and landlord, he was also interested in sports and athletics.
The next day, Slash was ill so Stradlin finished writing like you know um uh like uh like you know I mean like the music with Duff McKagan; however they did not write any lyrics.
Parviz Davoodi (; born 1952 in Tehran ) was the uh uh like you know you know uh so you know well uh First Vice President of Iran from September 11, 2005 to July 17, 2009.
According to Thai sources, Burmese Government forces re-took the majority like like okay um okay uh um well okay okay of the town late Monday evening after an earlier battle okay well you know um well okay uh uh so okay between Government troops and DKBA forces, and by Tuesday morning only a few areas remained under rebel control.
After her contract ended she went to a year uh like um um so so you know so well uh in the India and lived in a Buddhistic I mean okay uh okay uh okay so you know like like monastery and by the year of 2001 she returned to Israel.
Several works have investigated the CISS effect from a theoretical I mean you know um you know well well you know uh like so perspective, (19 -- 33), and the methods used can be divided into three categories.
The decade of the 1980s in film saw the return of okay so like like okay um so um so um studio - driven pictures, coming from the filmmaker - driven New Hollywood era of the 1970s.
A military team there have discovered an alien pod; while you know uh so I mean you know like I mean um like you know examining the ship they uncover mysterious symbols carved onto the inside of the stark white interior.
Good Clean Love operates in Eugene, Oregon and um okay okay so you know okay uh I mean I mean um all products are manufactured in the United States of America.
Malone worked with EPR Architects on a project at I mean I mean uh uh like I mean like um so like 24 Saville Row which gained a first place WAN Facade okay so you know you know um you know okay well like so Award in 2015, this involved making 10, 000 hand glazed ceramic tiles.
Last seen wearing red sweat pants, long - sleeve white so like uh um well okay okay you know uh okay pullover sweat shirt, with grey horizontal stripes, the word so I mean okay okay um you know um so um okay 'Aspen' in green letters, printed on the bottom you know um um like you know I mean okay uh so like front of collar, wearing either blue or white Reebock low - cut tennis shoes.
In 1944, she studied in Nizza and claims to be linked I mean like you know like you know like like um like so to the Resistance, where she also adopts the name of 'Dominique Aubier'.
Later Sir Stamford Raffles built his residence there, which was I mean I mean um I mean uh um okay I mean um well also used by other Residents and Governors, and so it became okay I mean like I mean okay okay okay well like so known as Government Hill until it was renamed Fort Canning like uh um you know so like okay like well like in 1861 when a fort was built on the site.
Stephen John Rowland (born 2 November 1981 in uh okay okay well well uh I mean um you know so Wrexham) is a Welsh footballer currently playing for Welsh Premier League side Caersws.
Ratu Sir Edward Tuivanuavou Tugi Cakobau (1908 - uh um um well so uh well uh um uh 1973) was a Fijian chief and statesman, who like like so okay um um well I mean so okay played a major role in Fijian politics in the years that preceded and followed independence in 1970.
In the oval - shaped center chair sits okay like I mean um okay you know okay you know um okay a bearded man in a black suit jacket with well uh so like I mean like well well I mean so white lining, who informs her that she is in The Village, and that 'she' is Number Six.
Walk Score is a private company that provides walkability services through a website and iOS application.
A huge black cat opened the cask, and Shippeitaro killed okay okay I mean you know like well okay like okay well it, and then, with the warrior, several others before they fled.
The cause of SLE is not clear: it is like well okay uh well well okay um you know uh thought to involve a genetic predisposition coupled with a triggering environmental factor.
This record too received very positive reviews, but it you know I mean so um you know okay you know well um you know failed to sell, much to the dissappointment of the band members.
As of 2012, the global sex ratio is approximately okay well you know um okay you know uh so like like 1. 01 males to 1 female -- the like you know like uh okay well um I mean okay you know greater number of men is possibly due to the significant gender imbalances evident in the Indian and Chinese populations.
In the Belmont Stakes Thunder Gulch was made 3/2 favourite I mean okay like okay so um okay like uh um after Timber Country was withdrawn from the race with a uh you know you know so like well I mean I mean so like fever and won by two lengths from Star Standard, giving you know so I mean okay well well you know so okay you know his trainer a fifth consecutive win in the Triple Crown races.
An example includes a jobber, Jimmy Jacobs, wrestling Eddie you know like I mean well uh like uh uh well I mean Guerrero during his last heel run and feud with Rey well well um um okay you know I mean okay um you know Mysterio, who actually won by disqualification when Guerrero beat him with a chair.
Frank Todd was an English professional rugby league footballer who played uh so so like like so um like like um in the 1910s, and 1920s playing at representative level like well okay okay uh you know uh I mean um uh for England, and Yorkshire, and at club level for Halifax, as a, i. E. Number 6.
Hobart Johnstone Whitley, also known as HJ and the Father of so um you know I mean I mean um uh uh well I mean Hollywood, built the first brick block building in the territory for the National Loan & Trust Company.
The Los Angeles Australian Film and Television Association (LAAFTA) I mean uh so um like you know okay um I mean like was founded in May 2001 to provide a forum and meeting like like well um uh uh you know okay um um place for film and television industry professionals to view Australian films.
MarsDials were placed on the Spirit and Opportunity Mars rovers, inscribed with the words 'Two worlds, One sun'.
The Japanese government claimed that this control included all um um you know I mean like like um okay I mean uh the rights and privileges granted to Russia by China in the so um um okay um so so well you know I mean Li - Lobanov Treaty of 1896, as enlarged by um um okay like you know uh so you know okay you know the Kwantung Lease Agreement of 1898; which included um like uh uh so you know um uh so like absolute and exclusive administration within the South Manchuria Railway Zone.
By this time, KSNB was owned by Colins Broadcasting well um okay uh like I mean okay like well like Corporation, while KTVG was owned by Hill Broadcasting um uh I mean um okay I mean you know well uh well Company, both were operated by Pappas Telecasting Companies under a time brokerage agreement.
In 1921, he ordered the murders of his nephew's wife, mother, uh okay well okay uh so well so well you know and two sisters - in - law to gain control like so um like so like okay well well okay of their oil rights, and then had killed eight other people who had threatened to testify against him.
At that time, due to distributor and other matters beyond I mean uh uh so so you know um um well you know the group's control, these two releases failed to get sufficient like so you know I mean I mean I mean so um um like airplay and their complete album was never released in the US.
Around the First World War, the paper's circulation was just short of well I mean you know like like okay so um you know like 100, 000, but it would not be published during the First or the Second World War.
At this time, the town consisted of only one okay um uh I mean well okay like okay uh I mean whiskey and drug store, and the population um so like uh like like so okay um okay consisted mostly of railroad workers, but this store was later like I mean uh um I mean okay uh well so so joined by a general store operated by Woodridge Anabel, and a hardware store operated by Drew Wilkerson.
Loveless and Tackett took turns stabbing Sharer in the chest; they I mean like you know so I mean like so uh like um then strangled Sharer with a rope until she was unconscious, like like like okay so you know okay uh uh so placed her in the trunk, and told the other two girls that Sharer was dead.
Richard and Mary Parker are fictional characters of Marvel okay okay uh okay okay okay uh uh you know like Comics and the parents of Peter Parker, the boy would become Spider - Man.
The Hudson - Hoosic Watershed is a drainage basin so so um I mean okay so you know I mean um um located in the VT 0th Congressional District, MA 1st Congressional District, and NY 20th and 21st Congressional Districts.
In 2015, CAP released a partial list of its donors, so I mean you know like so um so I mean like I mean which included 28 anonymous donors accounting for at least $ 5 million in contributions.
The first time the violin was returned shortly I mean um I mean uh well um like so I mean okay after the theft; the second theft occurred backstage at Carnegie Hall well so so uh okay uh you know well like um in 1936 and the violin was not recovered until 50 years later.
Billy Ray Smith Sr. Was inducted into the Arkansas Sports I mean okay um okay you know I mean well um like uh Hall of Fame in 1976, and enshrined into the University of Arkansas' Hall of Honor in 1994.
The final 'Tales of the Watcher' story introduced veteran artist uh so okay so like like so you know okay I mean George Tuska as a Marvel regular; four years later, he would become of Iron Man's signature artists.
She has also participated in Miss India. She was crowned Miss Beautiful smile in the Femina Miss India Contest.
He made his first team debut in Elfsborg's 2 - okay like I mean I mean you know okay uh like like uh 2 draw away at IF Brommapojkarna on 26 September 2010, okay you know so um um like okay okay okay I mean and scored his first goal against Syrianska FC in the home victory, 2 - 1, on 27 June 2011.
Brian continues his millionaire sham and decides to return the ring, uh okay uh uh um okay like like like okay but is dismayed when he finds out that Chris ate okay like so you know okay like okay well well like it, so he and Stewie decide to force Chris to poop it out.
Little Boy Blue is also the name of a like uh okay like um you know um okay okay I mean 1997 film about a dysfunctional rural family starring Ryan Phillippe well so so uh um well uh um uh um and Nastassja Kinski and of a prominent character in the Fables comic book series.
Randy Mengullo entered Jack & Jill School in the um okay well well well well so so you know so school year of 1994 in whom he organized / introduced I mean I mean like okay like so um well so so Karatedo as a sport in school and a regular P. E like you know you know uh like okay so I mean uh okay. Subject to all pupils and presently he is the chief instructor and martial arts coordinator of all JJS brances.
What is referred to as a large keelson is actually um okay I mean like um okay well okay well okay a 7. 5m long mast - step timber made uh like like like so like um I mean uh like of oak which doubles the axial frame and the stringers, nailed on to the frames, reinforced the hull longitudinally.
From 1802 he crewed on privateer ships, and by 1810 you know so I mean like like okay well you know well I mean he had accumulated enough prize money to become the master of his own vessel.
The opposing goaltender in that game was Jimmy I mean uh like I mean like like um um you know uh Howard, Jimmy was a teammate of Adam's in Grand Rapids in 2007 - 08.
Two songs, 'Aeroplane' and 'What You Know', were included in you know like so um so well well I mean I mean uh the release; these are short - form pop songs featuring uh I mean okay I mean you know I mean uh like so um lead vocals by Moerlen, the first time vocals appear on a Gong record since 1975.
The Catholic Institute of Sydney, a tertiary educational so so like like so like you know um you know okay facility that is a member institution of the uh like okay well like um I mean um okay you know Sydney College of Divinity, delivers theological studies at both undergraduate okay like well I mean okay well okay so like so and postgraduate qualifications and prepares students who are studying for ordination to the priesthood in the Catholic Church.
Forest City has various museums, ranging from the Rutherford County Farm Museum to the Bennett Classical Auto Museum.
Isolated at work too, she shuts herself up in their like I mean uh uh like I mean I mean okay you know well apartment, and becomes a slave of her own paranoid fears, and becoming um um well like I mean well like so well like increasingly psychotic and unable to tell fantasy from reality, begins to hallucinate.
The coronation ceremony is known as 'fakanofo' in uh um like well uh you know you know okay uh uh Tongan society; the president oversees this and the you know like like um well uh so okay like you know would be king is guarded by two entrusted Matapules on either side of him.
The initial setup used the left analog stick uh like uh okay uh okay okay like so well for all the character's bodily movements; minor movements to okay you know you know so like I mean you know I mean uh like the stick controlled the upper body movements, while bigger movements you know you know uh like you know you know um like I mean I mean controlled the lower body and movement within the ring.
Several baseball series machines were tested and showed much - improved okay like I mean um okay I mean you know like um I mean performance, but theoretical calculations showed that the maximum amount of you know well so okay so so um like I mean you know energy they could produce would be about the same as the energy needed to run the magnets.
James Oliver Vaughan (born 14 July 1988) is an well uh so uh uh so uh um so you know English footballer who plays for Football League Championship side I mean like so I mean uh uh so I mean I mean like Huddersfield Town as a striker and has represented well so okay uh okay I mean like you know well I mean England at U17, U19 and under 21 level but has since expressed a desire to represent Jamaica at international level.
Southeast Airlines Flight 308 was an American domestic flight well like like you know well um I mean well okay okay operated by Southeast Airlines between Knoxville and Tri-City, on 8 uh so you know well um so um okay you know like January 1959 it was flown by Douglas DC - 3A registered 'N18941'.
The steward had thought that the harsh sentence would frighten the well you know I mean uh like you know um well like okay peasants but quite the opposite was true - over so well uh I mean well uh well so so so the next year they secretly prepared for war, recruiting I mean you know okay um well so so well okay uh one man from every farmers house, supplying them with weapons and teaching them tactics.
In the operation, the majority of Hezbollahs' long - um so so uh I mean well you know so okay you know range rockets were destroyed in airstrikes that lasted 34 minutes, I mean so okay like I mean um so uh uh okay due to the quality of IDF intelligence regarding the deployment of the fajr rockets across Lebanon.
The southernmost village in the Golan, it is located well so like so well I mean okay uh okay you know from the Sea of Galilee at a height of above sea level, it falls under the jurisdiction of Golan Regional Council.
The company operated under the name Cornell Aeronautical you know um uh okay um like so you know well so Laboratory from 1946 until 1972 when Cornell University reorganized I mean um I mean okay like well I mean so like you know the lab as the for - profit Calspan okay uh you know you know like you know I mean um uh um Corporation and then sold its stock in Calspan to the public.
Donati, at the time Podestà of Florence, was exiled by like uh like I mean uh you know so so okay I mean the White Guelphs in 1299, but he and the Black like you know okay I mean like like so you know you know so Guelphs returned to Florence with Charles of Valois in November uh well like I mean so okay uh like you know well 1301 and took power again, exiling and killing many White Guelphs.
At age seventeen he enlisted as a rifleman in the like so well so um okay like so so so Pennsylvania state troops and marched with Benedict Arnold on okay uh you know um I mean I mean well um um so Quebec; taken prisoner during the ill - fated attempt to storm so um okay well you know I mean okay so uh okay the city on January 1, 1776, he remained confined for nine months.
In 1799, he married Elizabeth Stevens Livingston (1780 uh so like um uh well uh you know like um -- 1829, daughter of Chancellor Robert R. Livingston), and their okay so like um like well you know um okay so daughter Elizabeth Livingston (1813 -- 1896) was the well so you know you know you know um like so I mean uh grandmother of Anna Hall Roosevelt, and great - grandmother of Eleanor Roosevelt.
The Honeycombs were an English beat / pop okay well like uh like you know uh um you know well group, founded in 1963 in North London, best known for their chart okay you know um okay okay you know you know well um like - topping hit, the million selling 'Have I the Right?', in 1964.
The second leg segued to the UK and Europe - these dates um well well so I mean uh so so well so included opening for The Heavy, the festival 'Camden Rocks', and individual headline gigs.
The Crescendo morphed into the CSII, and eventually into the CS2000 um like like well um so you know I mean you know well & CS3000 before being replaced in the late 1990's by Euphonix's System 5 all - digital console.
Beavis says about music videos that 'They suck' proping well you know like uh like you know okay well uh um Gus to warn them to no avail, after Beavis moons well uh um well you know so I mean um so I mean the audience on Live TV Gus cuts to commercial and has them leave the set.
Supporters of the charter movement filed an appeal with the Contra okay you know so so so so okay um um um Costa County Board of Education, which on January 11, 2012, overturned the district's decision and approved the charter.
Bruce was not elected to a second term in 1881 and in you know so I mean you know you know like like well like I mean 1890 the Democratic - dominated state legislature passed a new uh like um so like um you know you know like so constitution disfranchising most black voters, a situation that persisted into okay um um like um well like like well um the 1960s until after federal enforcement of constitutional rights under the Voting Rights Act of 1965.
Solovyov loved all Slavs, particularly Poles and Croats, because so I mean like well um you know so I mean okay well of his desire to unite all all Slavs in one uh I mean okay so you know uh uh okay so I mean Catholic Church, because some Slavs are Roman, while others are Orthodox Catholics.
During his tenure as Provost, which position he held I mean you know so okay you know you know um I mean uh okay until his death, he made many reforms to College, including abolishing Long Chamber, Montem and the Christopher.
In 1999 Little played a Star in the ITV comedy I mean so so I mean uh so okay well uh uh drama 'The Flint Street Nativity' which also starred Frank Skinner, like well uh well I mean okay um well you know like Jane Horrocks, Mark Addy, Josie Lawrence, Neil Morrissey, Stephen Tomkinson, and Julia Sawalha.
In September 2007, delegates at the Liberal Democrat conference I mean so I mean you know okay uh um um you know um voted to condemn the UCU's 'perverse' decision, uh so you know uh I mean well you know you know you know well and called for UCU members to reject the proposal and continue to like you know well I mean okay I mean um you know you know like engage in 'the fullest possible dialogue' with their Israeli and Palestinian counterparts.
The Duchy of Merania (also Meran, Merano, or Meranie,) was I mean I mean like okay uh like like um like uh created during the German Empire time. It is uh well so I mean uh uh uh um you know like also called the Duchy of Dalmatia as it covered the northern Dalmatian seacoast.
'Aerodynamic' is an instrumental song by Daft Punk that is particularly well - known for its robotic guitar solo.
While at NYU film school, Walker supported herself by DJing and okay okay okay uh um so so uh uh um was featured as a cover story in 'Option' and on the cover of issue No. 154 of 'The Wire'.
The Gulf of Chiriqui is a part of Panama that I mean so uh uh I mean you know I mean so so I mean encompasses Coiba National Park and Golfo de Chiriqui National Park.
Lilienthal was born in Moscow, Russia, and moved to Hungary at the age of two.
By 15 March, the federal government reported that 50 um um um well so uh so I mean you know well % of the oil had been contained and that the slick well well okay so well like you know um uh um had been removed from about 95 % of Bribie Island, 85 so okay so you know you know well okay so okay okay % along the Sunshine Coast and 25 % around Moreton Island.
Surrounded by mountains, Naharlagun is a small town which sees you know so you know uh you know um well I mean um I mean annual long monsoon rains. Weather is basically sub-tropical with hot and humid summer and pleasant winter.
Angles whose sum is a right angle are called okay you know like like okay uh like um like you know complementary, those whose sum is a straight angle are supplementary.
A two - track demo released in 2004 saw you know uh like so like well I mean like so well very limited distribution (only 13 copies), and from 2004 to okay um like so I mean okay you know okay so uh 2007, Sons of Alpha Centauri sporadically performed around Kent with Kent - based artists such as Los Salvadores and Bossk.
Air molecules near the end move freely, producing displacement antinodes in the standing wave.
On the next day, Badoglio and Roatta met with um well okay I mean I mean so um you know well like Mussolini, who announced that his objective was the you know well like like uh like so you know well I mean capture of the entire country and that he would contact Bulgaria for a joint operation.
He was joint editor of the 'Christian Remembrancer', but withdrew well um you know like you know so like so okay uh from the position because of his substantial agreement with the famous Gorham decision.
However, there have been some discrepancies with uh I mean you know okay I mean um you know I mean like you know the use of this method including differences in observations when okay like so like you know um so like okay well using single and multiple needles as well as the areas of where the needles are placed.
She was soon recruited by the casting director of you know uh like I mean so so um like well uh the FOX series 'The O. C.' She had a six - um well like like okay well I mean I mean okay okay episode recurring role as Holly Fischer in the like well so so well so okay uh you know you know first season of 'The O. C.', and returned in the fourth season for 4 episodes.
The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) and so like well um well you know you know like um you know other extremists tend to view the peacock angel as uh you know uh um like uh um well so you know the malevolent archangel Lucifer or Satan and label the Yazidi as 'devil' worshippers.
The Villages is a master - planned age - restricted uh um um you know uh okay so like um I mean retirement community located mainly in Sumter County, Florida, United States, but also includes portions of Lake and Marion counties.
On 31 July 1901 he married Freda Elais you know um you know you know okay okay like you know you know um Butts Howell (1874 - 1957) granddaughter of Sir Thomas Howell, Lady in Waiting Queen Mary (1911 Delhi Durbar India).
They are often used by open source projects and other so you know I mean uh um okay like okay I mean you know multi-developer projects to handle various versions and developers submitting various patches of code in an organized fashion.
It continues the events in The Infinity War, and is continued in.
Thomas William Oscar Judd (February 14, 1908 -- December so you know so um like uh uh like you know uh 27, 1995) was a Major League Baseball pitcher for um I mean okay you know well well uh um I mean I mean the Boston Red Sox (1941 -- 1945) and Philadelphia Phillies (1945 -- 1948).
It is necessary to collect from 300, 000 to so so so like uh um well so so so 315, 000 signatures for the admission to the elections, in each you know well I mean uh well I mean well you know I mean I mean subject of Federation it is necessary to collect at least 7, 500 signatures.
O'Cearuill was called up the Republic of Ireland senior like um okay I mean um well like you know um I mean squad for the first time in May 2007 for so well uh okay so like okay like you know so an end of season tour to the United States and made like um well so so well well well so so his debut after coming on as a sub against Ecuador.
When United States - led forces attacked Osama bin Laden's stronghold uh I mean uh like so I mean um okay well I mean at Tora Bora, al - Turkistani was among the so I mean so like uh uh so okay um um local defenders; after the battle's end, he fled to I mean well like uh okay um like so so okay Pakistan, where he was arrested and jailed by the Inter-Services Intelligence until around 2011.
The fleet consists of over 5, 700 buses of like I mean well okay I mean um okay okay well you know various types and models for fixed - route service, and you know like okay okay uh so okay well like like over 2, 000 vans and cabs for ADA um I mean like um uh well well um I mean okay paratransit service, providing service in New York City, southwestern Nassau County, and the city of Yonkers.
SS 'Navajo Victory' was a cargo ship built during World so okay um okay okay uh I mean um well like War II under the Emergency Shipbuilding program, it was completed so like um like okay well well um I mean well by the California Shipbuilding Company on June 30, 1944.
It is the tenth song on 'Riot City Blues' uh uh um you know like like uh you know so uh and was released just before Christmas on the 18th um um I mean okay uh okay well you know so I mean December 2006 on limited 7' vinyl and download from iTunes UK, uh you know you know okay well like uh well you know um although it was actually put onto iTunes about a week before then.
The fantail is a popular breed of fancy pigeon you know like like like so like uh um I mean you know characterised by a tail composed of 30 to 40 feathers, I mean so so um okay so like uh um I mean abnormaly more than most members of the pigeon family, which usually have 12 to 14 feathers.
Taking refuge in Egypt, Victor Emmanuel died in Alexandria um well I mean I mean okay I mean um so um well the following year, and was buried there, behind the altar of St Catherine's Cathedral.
In 2007, Croucher he began to work I mean um you know so I mean uh uh you know well um with producer and Classified who produced Croucher's debut album 'No Dress Code' in 2007.
The Mongols invaded once again in 1300 -- so I mean like I mean uh like you know you know okay well 01 but could not break through and withdrew altogether from northern Burma in 1303.
He led the team all three years in scoring uh you know um okay I mean um I mean you know so so with 13. 5 points per game in 1960, 16. 5 in 1961, and 12. 8 in 1962.
At Christmas, Terminal Tower is bathed in red and green, you know um well so like well so okay well you know and for Fourth of July celebrations is lit in red, white and blue.
During the season she had a strong fondness for Jessie, um well so so you know like uh um so so sometimes she could be seen sneaking in his bed to watch him when he sleeps.
Osgoode Hall is the name for a landmark building in uh okay um okay I mean uh I mean I mean I mean well downtown Toronto which houses the Ontario Court of Appeal, uh you know okay uh well so so so um like the Divisional Court of the Superior Court of Justice, and the Law Society of Upper Canada.
In it Miss Willard portrayed the inspirational, prominent character of um I mean uh uh you know like uh uh like I mean Salvation Army worker, Priscilla Worth, which turned out to be I mean um um I mean you know I mean uh well uh I mean not only her final performance for 1966, but also the final acting role of her career.
Carvings from the original church were incorporated into the like well you know like well like you know okay so uh porch of the present church, and the church is famous uh uh um you know you know so so well uh so for being one of the few in the country with the Devil in stained glass.
Some claim that Magburaka should be included in the well so uh uh like um like like so you know above list, but one source estimates the population at only uh you know so like you know uh I mean so I mean like 14, 915, whilst another puts it as high as 85, 313.
Further south near Esperance, the economy is based on agriculture I mean uh okay like you know okay so like okay uh and fishing, with wheat and barley widely grown; so um you know you know uh I mean uh uh I mean so however, this requires huge inputs in fertilisers because of you know um you know well um um so like you know so the sandy nature of the soils and is a major threat to the region's great plant diversity.
Gravity Probe A (GP - A) was a space okay so I mean I mean so so you know so I mean well - based experiment to test the theory of general um okay well like uh so um like you know so relativity, performed jointly by the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.
The decision to accept most of the proposed like well I mean um uh okay okay like well well changes was headlined in newspapers across the United States, as for example um I mean like uh okay um well you know you know like on page 1 of the 'Davenport Daily Republican' of Davenport, Iowa, where it was the major headline of the morning edition.
An album of the same name was also released following the um I mean uh okay um um you know you know well like song's success, which was also quite successful as was like well like okay okay like um uh you know um certified 'Gold' by the RIAA in early 1973 for selling over 500, 000 copies.
The team was founded in 2012 and will play home games at like um I mean um okay um well so you know okay the Gordon Field House on the campus of Rochester Institute of Technology in Henrietta, New York.
The other gods however sensed the plot and held off okay I mean I mean you know well well so so you know uh from eating of the boy's body and brought Pelops back I mean um uh uh um uh you know well so well to life, his shoulder replaced with one made of ivory made for him by Hephaestus.
Roku's appearance represents the ideal life that they so uh okay uh well so you know like okay so could have lead if they got married, however the realism uh uh well well um you know um so you know okay influence on the story shows how these ideal lives are not common in the real world.
He created the name in 1999 for the purpose of like well um like okay well I mean uh okay you know playing incognito solo shows in Perth, choosing Bob Evans, 'because so well so well I mean like uh um okay I mean it was written on a T - shirt I was wearing'.
Kain began training in 1962 at the age of uh so you know um you know you know okay uh so okay eleven at the National Ballet School of Canada, for seven years I mean I mean um so like I mean um well okay well and upon graduation in 1969, she was invited to join the National Ballet of Canada.
In 2015, Lopez's great - grandchildren rediscovered the box like like um well you know uh I mean well okay um in their late grandfather's attic and brought it to um like well uh like I mean you know so um I mean the attention of a local reporter, whose TV news report so you know uh well okay like okay well you know uh on the strange find was picked up by several national news outlets.
He platted his town as 'Snoqualmie' and another nearby town was platted 'Snoqualmie Falls' while Taylor was out of town.
Belief in the afterlife varies among Wiccans, although reincarnation is a okay so well um so so I mean you know um so traditional Wiccan teaching dating back to the New Forest coven in the 1930s.
They make content involved with the film industry this includes: reviews of well okay okay so so like okay okay uh uh films and web shows, interviews, film festival news, features and masterclasses.
Children that result from unintended pregnancies are more likely you know you know um okay okay you know you know okay um you know to suffer from abuse and neglect, they are also more likely to live in poverty.
He came to dance relatively late in life, however, his okay well like like I mean you know I mean uh uh okay talent led to rapid promotion, and in 1932 he made his first appearance on the Paris stage.
Geoffrey Graeme 'Geoff' Brock is a South Australian politician, you know uh like okay like like you know like I mean like representing the seat of Frome in the okay um you know uh so so um okay I mean I mean South Australian House of Assembly as an Independent, after so like you know well you know uh um like okay okay a shock win at the 2009 Frome state by - election, defeating the Liberal candidate Terry Boylan.
He is a hypnotist and also an I Ching practitioner and has experimented successfully with occult therapeutic techniques.
They agree to get rid of the unborn spirit I mean um uh um uh so um like well um within Yukie and Mariko apparently succeeds but the like um uh okay like you know um well okay okay curse tricks them into removing Fukie's spirit from the body.
Fresno County, officially the County of Fresno, is a county you know uh I mean you know uh I mean uh okay okay so located in the Central Valley of the U. S. State of California, south of Stockton and north of Bakersfield.
Thigpen's death also led to a four - year hiatus of okay uh well uh well like uh so okay like 'Bear in the Big Blue House', and a planned film version of 'Bear' was put on hold.
IMRO (United) was founded in 1925 in Vienna under like so um okay uh uh well so um so the leadership of Dimitar Vlahov, Pavel Satev, Georgi Zankov, Rizo Rizov, Vladimir Pop Timov and Hristo Jankov.
Joy of Christmas is the second album of the Chorus I mean like like like I mean um you know you know um you know Paulinus recorded in the United States compposed of well well okay I mean like um well so you know uh choral arrangements by Arnold Zamora for Chorus Paulinus in 1999.
Civilian Irregular Defense Group ( CIDG, pronounced 'sid - gee' okay like I mean like okay okay um like um like ) was a program devised by the CIA in early 1961 you know uh so well uh like I mean um okay uh to counter expanding Viet Cong influence in South Vietnam's Central Highlands.
Hamilton Adolph 'Bud' Westmore (January 13, 1918 - June okay well you know so well I mean um um I mean you know 24, 1973) was a renowned makeup artist in Hollywood having worked on over 450 movies and television shows.
However, his practice did not prosper, and he moved uh so um well well well I mean like well um several more times before finally being arrested in Philadelphia you know like um like uh okay I mean okay um uh by a creator. Philadelphia for a few more years, teaching so you know I mean so I mean you know um so so like and practicing medicine, until in 1824 he decided to go to Venezuela.
Eight term incumbent Tim Holden (D) is running against um I mean I mean I mean well well um okay uh well Toni Gilhooley (R), a retired PA State Trooper who served for 25 years.
Each beat counts down from the initial 1000 - once the remaining number reaches 0, the game is over.
It was originally published in the Spring 1968 issue um well like um um okay so well like uh of 'Ubris' magazine, and collected in King's 'Skeleton Crew' in 1985.
The couple only used parts of the ground floor I mean um like okay so so uh you know um so and sadly the rest of the house became little uh I mean okay well uh well I mean I mean uh well more than a ruin - until in 1986 Cornelia um like okay you know uh I mean like you know like um Bayley (the present owner) bought Plas Teg for £ you know I mean so um so okay okay uh like you know 750, 000 which included a grant of £ 250, 000 from CADW.
The 'Yamasee' who migrated to the Port Royal so um okay like okay okay okay uh uh well area around 1685 were in part a reunification of the um you know um I mean okay okay well okay I mean uh old La Tama chiefdom, but they also had a large so uh like I mean I mean I mean you know you know like um population of Guale Indians, as well as various others of generally Muskogean stock.
The magazine was published on a bi-monthly basis until so um I mean I mean like okay like so you know like June / July2011 issue when it began to be published annually.
Bomb damage assessment reported amounted to 1, 512 storage caches struck, resulting um okay uh I mean okay okay uh like um you know in 765 secondary explosions of munitions and POL. Vang Pao well I mean uh I mean you know so I mean you know okay um now regained the confidence in air power that had okay well okay you know uh like okay um I mean okay been shaken in Operation Pigfat when his air strike allotment was slashed.
Under the name Frits, they made covers of old uh um I mean you know um well okay um well okay Neerlands Hoop songs and released an album in 1995: 'Dankzij de Dijken'.
He currently is Writer - in - Residence at Seton so okay like well well so you know so okay well Hall University, South Orange, N. J. Where he teaches uh I mean uh well like uh like well you know well journalism and lectures on foreign news coverage, while continuing to work on books, magazine articles and other writing projects.
He was one of the founders of Taki Rua Theatre um so uh you know I mean so so you know I mean well (formerly The Depot) in Wellington which presented bi-cultural works and saw uh well well like uh okay well you know well so the emergence of award winning Maori theatre particularly in the 1990s, um you know I mean um um okay you know um I mean um when he became co-Artistic Director of Taki Rua Theatre with playwright Hone Kouka.
During the fight, Ryu notices that Shun also possesses the well uh I mean like well uh okay you know so well Dark Hadou, before Zangief has a chance to crush uh I mean you know so you know I mean so okay well like Shun (literally), Ryu steps in to stop the fight, um um okay okay I mean well um so um um the fight takes a dark turn when Ryu releases the power of Dark Hadou.
René Corbet (born June 25, 1973) is a Canadian retired ice okay you know you know okay like well well like I mean I mean hockey player who played in the National Hockey League you know uh you know so uh um okay like I mean well with the Quebec Nordiques, Colorado Avalanche, Calgary Flames, and the Pittsburgh Penguins.
During the period from 1988 to 1994, Benfica made a uh like so well uh uh like like I mean um huge financial investment in an effort to win another uh uh uh okay um uh well like okay you know European Cup, reaching two European Cup finals in 1988 and 1990, but lost to PSV and Milan respectively.
Bernardt had been told her mother would not attend, and uh well so um you know so like um well so she performed her first scenes admirably, Then, like you know um so you know like so so like you know much to her surprise, her mother and aunt Rosine okay you know you know uh well uh you know well like so appeared in the audience, and Sarah suffered the first of a lifetime of episodes of stage fright.
Both ships took avoiding action but were you know okay I mean uh so like okay you know so well too late to avoid a collision, and about 0200 hrs 'Testbank' rammed 'Ceramic' s starboard bow.
He moved to Jerusalem at the age you know um like I mean um um like you know you know so of 21 in the early 1990s, where he did so you know okay um uh like you know okay you know um his formal training at the Rubin Academy of you know uh you know well I mean I mean okay like uh you know Music and Dance in Jerusalem receiving his M. A. In piano, studying under Meira Smailovic, Arbo Valdma, and Irina Berkovich.
Arlesey Old Moat and Glebe Meadows are two nature reserves uh I mean well uh um like like you know um uh managed by the Wildlife Trust for Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Northamptonshire.
With both ends of the road completely flooded, the group prepares so uh so okay like you know um you know um I mean to spend the night; however, they quickly find there is an unknown murderer present, killing off each of the guests.
KPDX's transmitter is located in the Sylvan um okay so so okay like so you know um I mean - Highlands section of Portland; master control operations for both KPTV well like like so like uh I mean like um okay and KPDX are located at Meredith's West Coast hub facility at okay uh uh um uh um um like you know uh the studios of Phoenix, Arizona sister station KPHO - TV.
As the front arms sweeps down in an arc from well you know uh uh um you know uh you know like you know the inside to the outside of the body, okay okay I mean so like okay like you know you know I mean the back hand is 6rt5yrtyacross the body, intersecting at the forearms and providing a firm defence.
The Alevi Kurds of Dersim ( in formality 'Tunceli', I mean you know okay you know um well like I mean you know okay Turkey ) believe him as a savior; same people describe him as a 'sovereign of the sea's'.
Malin 1 is a giant low surface brightness (LSB) disk well okay you know I mean okay well uh like okay well galaxy and one of the largest spiral galaxies currently known, at I mean well uh um you know well so well like like approximately 650, 000 light years across, six and a half times the diameter of our Milky Way.
Arthur Monnickendam, the third president of the business, represented like um uh you know okay so well okay so you know the diamond industry in the London Chamber of Commerce um uh like uh I mean I mean um uh I mean I mean and became a member of CIBJO, the World Jewellery Confederation, representing the United Kingdom.
The 'LA Riot Squad' is a supporters group for okay so you know um uh um I mean I mean uh I mean the Galaxy formed after a loss in the okay so like well you know you know like like uh so 2001 MLS Cup, when then - Galaxy keeper Kevin Hartman I mean uh like like well I mean I mean I mean I mean um challenged a group of Galaxy fans to form a supporter group of 100 people by opening day of 2002.
The energy of the falling water entrains the I mean uh I mean okay like like like well like I mean air into the water; the air is compressed by surrounding okay um well uh I mean uh um okay I mean I mean water pressure (which increases under a column due to the discharge to atmospheric pressure).
But victims and their families brutalised by the Japanese military said um like you know well you know you know um so I mean okay that the conclusion can be known to Shinozaki himself, and so I mean I mean I mean so like so uh okay uh those looking back at its history from the safe passage of time.
He has done a few television commercials for popular brands like's 'Savdhaan okay um uh I mean well so so I mean uh uh India', MTV India's crime series 'Webbed', UTV Bindass's 'Yeh Hai Aashiqui', and Zing's 'Pyaar Tune Kya Kiya'.
Blue green algae, a food advocated by Kulvinskas, is associated with anatoxin and microcystins.
She becomes very torn later in the story like like so like um uh um like um well because her grandmother is dying and she feels like she you know okay well like okay I mean okay um I mean I mean is killing her because the fairy godmother finally found a uh you know uh so I mean I mean okay uh like you know replacement and now the fairy god mother can rest knowing the fairy tale world rests in good hands.
Saint Lucia's population is predominantly African / black (141, I mean okay like I mean uh I mean um uh I mean so 216 in 2010; 85. 3 % of the total population) well you know uh you know you know so um like I mean okay or of mixed African - European descent (17, 965; 10. 8 %).
A vigorous English - speaking middle class was now the so um well um I mean I mean um okay like like dominant cultural force; a number of its members were influenced like you know uh um uh uh like like uh well by political or cultural nationalism, and some took an interest in the literature of the Irish language.
During the 1980's, Moreno was a favorite of Pulitzer you know like well I mean so um like um so well Prize - winning playwright Beth Henley, having appeared in at least four premieres of Henley's plays.
As a result of this strengthening, industrial manufacturing and okay so so like um so you know uh so like services were crowded out and became non-competitive on world markets, I mean like okay I mean um so you know I mean well well a phenomenon that is often referred to in economics literature as Dutch disease.
Guy Mathez is a Swiss football manager from Canton of Jura.
The Church that stands today is The Church of St Bartholomew this well like um so okay you know you know so uh you know is an 18th Century, Grade II listed, small Georgian red brick church.
The film is well populated with actors from you know I mean so um um uh uh so well so Louisville, Kentucky, where the film was shot, including star uh so uh so you know like you know like uh okay Sean O'Bryan, who attended St. Xavier High School, and um well so so well I mean um well you know so Maggie Lawson, who went on to star in 8 seasons of the hit TV show Psych.
Carol J. Chumney (born February 13, 1961) was a uh you know you know um so okay uh so you know so candidate to become mayor of Memphis, Tennessee you know um you know you know you know I mean um well okay um and is currently the holder of the fifth seat on the Memphis City Council.
As the standard of technical engineering at the Wall uh uh you know well okay okay like like uh well increased and this particular escape route became less and so uh um uh okay well um uh well um less important, other means of leaving the GDR were okay okay like so well I mean you know you know like well used more often, for example by way of neighboring socialist countries, using forged documents or hiding in vehicles.
The saint patron is Santa Maria della Vittoria, which was I mean okay okay I mean I mean like uh uh you know like celebrated on the first Sunday of October for years, but is now celebrated on the last Sunday of August.
However, he switched to union and made his debut okay okay like you know well uh you know like like okay for France in a Test against Italy in Naples in 1966.
On 7 October 1939 the ship travelled to Portland, where okay um like I mean so okay well well so so captain Morée requested the ship drop her anchor off of the Shambles Sandbank as the sun was setting.
Together with James, she compiled crosswords for several newspapers uh like so okay uh so well uh you know like and magazines, including People, and it was in 1978 that they launched their own publishing company.
Carpenter is openly gay and is one of two LGBT members okay I mean like well well um um I mean uh uh of the Wisconsin Legislature, alongside Rep JoCasta Zamarripa (D -- Milwaukee).
Elsie the Cow is a cartoon cow that has you know uh I mean uh well like you know like um um been used as the logo for the Borden Dairy Company since 1936 to symbolize the 'perfect dairy product'.
Visual Studio Team Foundation Server (including Workgroup Edition) requires like well uh you know okay I mean okay well I mean um Microsoft SQL Server 2005 Standard Edition; however, a license for Standard Edition is included with both products.
Idolator said the song 'dissolves into glitchy loops' before transitioning into so so okay I mean uh like well uh uh I mean the next track, a Phil Collins cover from his okay well like like I mean um well so like I mean 1985 album 'No Jacket Required', the original pop rock anthem 'Take Me Home'.
Robert Zubrin has proposed an alternative liquid - core design, um okay you know you know so so uh okay so you know the nuclear salt - water rocket, wherein water is the working fluid and neutron moderator.
Duroc is a station of the Paris Métro, and is named you know um well uh so uh like so okay like after Geraud Duroc, Duke of Friuli (1772 - 1813), who was one of Napoleon Bonaparte's Generals.
One prahar is divided into gharis (also called ghati / ghadi), and the gharis are further divided into sub-units.
Although evolutionary theory is hard to test, the popularity of um um so so uh you know um well like okay zoos (Wilson, 1993), camping, and hanging up plants in our homes provide support for this theory.
In 2011, Petra Kvitová won the tournament and later reached like I mean I mean so um I mean like so well I mean a career high of world no. Nine of the 18 winners have not reached WTA world no. 1.
Carbon dioxide air capture is a form um you know like uh well I mean I mean I mean I mean so of carbon capture that removes carbon dioxide from ambient air, um so okay uh I mean so um uh uh I mean as opposed to removing CO 2 from the stack uh I mean uh so um well you know um okay uh emissions of large point sources, such as fossil fuel fired power stations.
There is considerable overlap with food salvage, food rescue and gleaning, although not with freeganism or dumpster - diving.
Option ARMs are popular because they are usually offered you know so well um um you know you know you know um well with a very low initial interest rate ( well uh so you know well you know so you know like you know a so - called 'teaser rate' ) and a okay so uh uh like well um I mean you know um low minimum payment, which permits borrowers to qualify for a much larger loan than would otherwise be possible.
He often attended services of different denominations, and he suppressed anti-Catholic celebrations in the Army.
In 1933 he was C - in - C the Nore being promoted to Admiral 1935.
Jian Shuo plotted to assassinate He Jin but the conspiracy was discovered okay um you know I mean like uh like like I mean you know in advance, and He Jin had Jian Shuo arrested and executed.
The film began principal photography on April 3, 2017 with a small coffee shop scene, shot at Ciclo Cafe.
Kraina Mriy (founded in 2004) is a biannual, multi-day festival you know I mean uh um okay well okay I mean okay I mean of ethnically Russo - Ukrainian music, and was founded by Ukrainian musician Oleg Skrypka.
A protectionist policy ensured a consistent nucleus of I mean so um like um okay well like uh so scholars and teachers: laws issued by Cosimo I, Ferdinando I and um so uh um um well so um okay you know Ferdinando II obliged those who intended to obtain a degree to attend the Studium of Pisa.
Thompson Center manufactures a variety of muzzleloading rifles of like uh I mean like uh you know like um um okay both Traditional and Inline designs, and sell a great well I mean I mean well okay you know okay uh um so number of percussion and flintlock rifles in a wide variety of bore diameters.
The streak began in the final months of 1990 okay so um I mean well um you know I mean okay um as the chestnut filly overcame adversity to win the Grade well you know you know so I mean well you know like uh well 2 Black - Eyed Susan Stakes over a muddy race track after losing a shoe.
The correct location for docking for GSP is after the uh okay uh like so okay um well like you know caudal vertebrae start to curl, leaving enough tail to you know um uh okay you know um well uh so um let the dog fart at a jaunty angle, not curled under.
The marine snail 'Hinea brasiliana' uses flashes of well well um you know like okay um so okay uh light for defence, emitted through the translucent shell which functions as an efficient diffuser of light.
On 1 April 1926, the Transjordan Frontier Force was formed well like like you know okay like I mean well well like from cadre drawn from the Arab Legion, and you know uh okay I mean well well you know okay like well it consisted of only 150 men and most of them were stationed along Transjordan's roads.
Ann Philippa Pearce (23 January 1920 - 21 December 2006) um uh so well I mean like I mean so I mean well was an English children's author born in 1920 and well well uh well well um uh well you know so brought up in the King's Mill House in the village of Great Shelford, Cambridgeshire.
The then Chancellor Gordon Brown announced plans for privatisation okay well I mean I mean so I mean uh okay so you know in the 2006 Budget, but until any sale happens, it remains a statutory corporation.
It resulted from the merge of the 'Academisch Ziekenhuis you know like you know like well like so so you know okay Leiden' (Leiden Academic Hospital) and the medical faculty of Leiden uh um uh um um I mean well like well I mean University in the late 1990s; similar arrangements exist for most university hospitals in The Netherlands.
The site of Faillouox is steeped in five centuries of so so well so well I mean you know so um so history and the first recorded mention of the site can be traced back to the year 1445.
Fort Rosecrans National Cemetery is situated in the city of like uh um uh um I mean okay like uh like San Diego, California, on the Fort Rosecrans Military Reservation, uh um uh um well okay like um um uh today it is known as Naval Base Point Loma.
The original Island Gardens DLR station was opened in 1987 like um so you know well so like well okay like as the southern terminus of the DLR's initial well uh so you know uh I mean well okay you know well system, and was an elevated terminal station with two platforms each capable of accommodating a single car train.
His forces grew to around 6, 000 men by June you know uh you know um so like like um uh well 1861, and the French had began to report that okay um um I mean I mean uh um uh so so junks from Singapore and Hong Kong had arrived in Go Cong with shipments of European - made weapons.
After 22 years since their breakup, MAXX officially returned to okay um so well so I mean um I mean I mean so live performing in Spring 2017 with original lead vocalist Elyse (aka Linda Meek) and newcomer: rapper / singer Elijah MC.
Most of these errors have been fixed in a I mean so okay you know well I mean I mean well well you know new enhanced version Sonic's Ultimate Genesis Collection for Xbox 360 um well like I mean so okay you know okay well I mean and PlayStation 3, which allowing high definition playing through scaling - up and filters.
The Empire, already pushed to the brink of collapse as I mean so uh um okay well so uh um uh a result of the war, is undermanned and struggles you know well I mean so I mean okay okay well so so to protect the villages, and if the tribes were once again to reuinite, the Empire would most likely fall.
Getting constant volume is, technically, relatively simple and metering systems relying on constant volume dispensation therefore are especially simple and reliable.
He became the children's editor for the 'News well um you know well okay okay uh I mean you know well Chronicle', and from 1954 presented a BBC music request programme for children, 'Children's Favourites', on Saturday mornings.
Considering Johnny's thirst for data, Fred is sworn not uh so so uh I mean um um you know so well to reveal their location to Johnny, believing that the robot like okay you know like I mean okay well like like like would become over-excited; but when Fred reveals their location, the okay so so I mean uh like well so so well robot leaves the warehouse to explore the city and inadvertently befriends Oscar himself.
During latent infection a viral RNA transcript inhibits uh uh um um I mean uh I mean okay you know um expression of the gene encoding ICP0 via an antisense RNA mechanism.
In 1859, he traveled westward in the company of I mean you know I mean uh well okay okay you know um okay Frederick W. Lander, a land surveyor for the U like uh so I mean you know well uh well you know well. S. Government, and returned to a studio he uh uh um um uh like you know so well okay had taken at the Tenth Street Studio Building in like you know okay um uh like um like well okay New York with sketches that would result in numerous finished paintings.
LTS result in the neuron reaching the threshold for an well so you know well um you know uh um like okay action potential, and so the spike is typically okay okay okay you know like so you know well so you know crowned by a burst of two to seven like okay okay you know okay uh um I mean I mean um action potentials, which is known as a low - threshold burst.
The Fairmount Line is undergoing a major rehabilitation um well I mean well well okay uh uh okay um that includes the construction of four new stations in Boston, well uh you know um uh uh okay you know like okay while work on a new western terminus of the Fitchburg Line at Wachusett Station has started.
Olaf comes to Anna's rescue and reveals Kristoff is in you know um um so you know like um um I mean well love with her, and two travel out onto the fjord to find him.
Elias Breeskin (Born 1896 - died May 9, 1969) was uh I mean okay okay like um you know well you know like born sometime in 1896 in Yekaterinsolav, a small village um well uh you know you know uh like okay you know um in the Ukraine, which has now morphed into the industrial city of Dnepropetrovsk, with over a million inhabitants.
He is well known for his unequivocal position to fight okay okay okay well well um um you know uh so homosexuality in all forms and recently even raided with the Police, a gay activist workshop where participants were arrested.
The winners of the two Division Series met in the 2005 so you know okay like I mean um well okay like I mean National League Championship Series, with the winner of that I mean okay I mean um you know like uh I mean you know like series becoming the National League champion, and face the American League champion in the 2005 World Series.
Still the Daughters did not feel that they so okay um okay you know well you know okay okay well were doing enough, so they constructed, on their own, a so you know like okay well like like well so well sit down strike to take place at Pittston Coal headquarters.
Born in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Black graduated from Dalhousie uh like well uh you know like like I mean I mean um University with two degrees at age 19, and then went on to complete his actuarial training in 1974.
After losing so many age - outs in you know well um okay you know you know like you know you know you know 1987, the '88 corps was very young; playing Stavinsky's like like so okay so like well like okay you know Firebird Suite, the corps finished in fifth place in Kansas City.
Croydon Central Library, located on four floors inside the Clocktower, you know okay you know uh you know well like so okay uh is Croydon's main public library, part of the Croydon Libraries arm of the council.
One of Arman's earliest works of piano destruction, okay uh like like so okay well you know well okay 'Chopin's Waterloo' (1962) involved the artist hacking a piano okay you know I mean um I mean like uh I mean okay I mean to pieces with an axe at the Galerie Saqqârah in Gstaad.
Darwin had not made the link explicit in 'Origin', uh uh you know I mean I mean well um like I mean um though a single line hinted at such a conclusion: um okay I mean um you know um okay uh uh well 'light will be thrown on the origin of man and his history'.
Marky Ramone is the only living member of the longest - I mean like so um um well well well okay uh running Ramones line - up, which featured Joey, Johnny and Dee Dee for 15 years.
And the music has a melody and a language I mean so you know uh okay like so um you know you know in and of itself', while lead editor Naomi um well you know okay so you know so okay you know I mean Zeichner went on to compare the album to the work of you know um okay you know you know like well um so um Interpol and 'the retro biker bar rock that soundtracks' Sons of Anarchy'.
You can easily find lots of people of this like well I mean uh uh like uh um well okay village near Laheriasarai Tower in Darbhanga. Upto some extent you I mean like you know okay well I mean okay you know well I mean can say that Panchobh rules everywhere in the city Darbhanga / Laheriasarai.
The 102. 1 FM frequency was originally home to KSTP - uh you know okay you know so uh uh I mean like like FM, and the station was partnered with Hubbard Broadcasting's AM station of the same name.
On the basis of these findings, Barbara McQuade, the United well you know well well like okay uh uh you know so States Attorney for the Eastern District of Michigan, won a you know I mean you know uh like so okay uh uh so 23 - count indictment charging Fata with health care well well uh you know well um you know like so like fraud, conspiring to take and receive kickbacks, money laundering, and unlawfully procuring naturalization.
Throughout the fifties and sixties, a new school you know well okay um well okay um um well you know of artists emerged on the scene, who 'Pop Art' a household name.
Houston Cougars is the only Division 1 football team um uh well so like okay like you know I mean so to score 100 points against another Division 1 team, you know so um so uh you know okay so well I mean (Tulsa) in 1968 and Georgia Tech is the uh like like um you know okay okay okay uh like only Division I team to record over 200 points in one game, which occurred in 1916 against Cumberland.
Star - Lord (Scott Porter) receives a distress - call like so um you know like like I mean so I mean I mean from the Nova Corps requesting the assistance of the Guardians okay like uh like so uh okay so so um of the Galaxy on a nearby Kree planet, um uh uh I mean well you know well okay so so where their forces are being decimated by Thanos (Jake Hart).
Mitotic inhibitors are derived from natural substances such as plant like uh so um I mean so okay you know well okay alkaloids and primarily used in cancer treatment and certain types of cancer research including cytogenetics.
The second of four daughters of a well - like okay well so um well you know well you know I mean to - do dental surgeon and a housewife, Neila's so uh uh uh so I mean like I mean okay so mother's name was Manonmany Balendra: Neila Balendra was born in 1938 in Colombo, Ceylon (now Sri Lanka).
The Hemidontidae is a small family of freshwater characins well you know um uh okay uh well um so uh found in northern South America, south to the Paraná - Paraguay Basin.
The Ghanaian midfielder completed his move to VfB like uh well okay um um you know like um okay Stuttgart in the German second tier league during the I mean I mean well uh um so so so so I mean January transfer window on 31 January 2017, after the Africa Cup of Nations with the Black Stars.
Not completely yet, a large number of Tānks okay well like so like you know you know um okay like are now followers of Islam, there are many you know well so like okay so so I mean uh so Tanks still existing among the Sainis andHindu Jats and Kadia Kshatriya community of Gujarat.
Identifiers must not be used as substitutes for the uh okay uh like I mean like so okay um I mean url parameter therefore the use of the asin so so okay you know uh okay you know well okay like parameter and any use of the template in citations shall render such citations invalid by default.
The football, field hockey, women's lacrosse, and track & field uh okay I mean um uh well I mean I mean um um teams play at Richard Wackar Stadium, and the basketball, swimming & diving, and volleyball teams play in the Esbjornson Gymnasium.
It is over 100 million km in diameter, it is so I mean you know okay like um I mean uh so uh almost the same size as HIP 110703, but um okay okay okay well I mean I mean so you know uh don't get confused with the other stars HIP 110703, HIP 110370, and HIP 110730.
Another son, General Waller Taylor, represented Lunenburg in the Virginia legislature, so uh you know uh you know um well so you know so then moved to Vincennes, Indiana, where he became uh uh like I mean well you know uh um like I mean a judge and subsequently Adjutant General of the United like like well I mean like well like you know so uh States Army under General William Henry Harrison in the War of 1812.
In 2001, Cartoon Network obtained licensing to run 96 more episodes like so uh okay like you know like like well um and air the original Dragonball anime and was the okay okay okay you know well so I mean okay I mean I mean top rated show in the Toonami block of Cartoon network.
Raphael was born in Lancaster Royal infirmary on Wednesday 10th February um I mean well so um um okay like uh well 1988, he lived in Morecambe Kingsway estate from 1988 um um uh like so okay uh I mean okay so - 1994, he has since lived in East and North London, as well as Morecambe.
Gretsa University was started in 2006 when it opened its okay you know like you know okay okay uh like like um doors to its first batch of students pursuing Degree programmes in um uh I mean you know well so like so I mean well Hospitality, Tourism and Business. The University is recognized and certified by Commission for Higher Education (CHE).
After Reformation Day, the band began experimenting with altered okay okay okay I mean so okay I mean you know um well states of consiousness and longer, freeform improvised pieces of music, frequently uh okay um so uh so well I mean so like rehearsingthrough the night jamming over the same riff for extended periods of time.
Some newspapers romantically linked McPherson with her radio engineer, and okay um um okay you know like so um uh you know rumors developed Ormiston vanished at the same time as McPherson; and had run off together.
The Shah left Iran for exile on January 16, 1979 you know so I mean like uh well okay okay okay like as the last Persian monarch and in the resulting power vacuum well okay you know uh um uh I mean I mean so um two weeks later Ayatollah Khomeini returned to Tehran to a greeting by several million Iranians.
They are famous in humour And satirist poetry and I mean I mean I mean like you know I mean uh um uh well articles. The Name of the father is, Dr. Avadhesh kumar verma and mother Smt.
Marc Rotenberg, President of the Electronic Privacy Information Center, called uh like like uh so so um so well I mean the feature 'troubling;' however, the new feature is enabled by default but can be disabled.
At Derby, he spent a bit more uh uh uh you know um you know um so well well than one season a half helping to keep the club in the I mean okay um okay like um so uh so I mean Championship with a series of virtuoso performances, also giving many autographs to fans.
Thomas West, 8th Baron De La Warr and 5th I mean so you know uh okay um um so okay like Baron West KB KG (c. 1457 -- 10 October 1525) I mean I mean okay okay I mean um well so okay like was the oldest son of Richard West, 7th Baron uh I mean okay um okay you know uh so uh I mean De La Warr and 4th Baron of West and Lady Catherine Hungerford.
He became a prominent member of the Krio community however by the time of his death he had been forgotten.
By the end of the 19th century gold miners were like um like like um so um um I mean like trickling in on rumours of gold, driving a population increase well uh like so well uh like um um you know justifying the setting up of a police force, just uh okay okay I mean um uh okay um well um in time for the start of the Klondike Gold Rush in 1897.
Participated in 'Liberation of Western Ukraine' and fighting at Ostrogozhsk, Rossosh, Kharkov, Orel and other operations and actions.
Bruce Craig Scott (born 20 October 1943), Australian politician, so okay like um uh you know like okay well uh has been a National Party member of the Australian you know I mean um like well you know um you know um uh House of Representatives since March 1990, representing the Division of Maranoa, Queensland.
Lalith J. Rao (some also spell as Lalit) is the eminent torchbearer of the Agra Gharana.
Her work is exhibited by Galerie 1900 - 2000 in so you know okay okay like like uh well well okay Paris and Senior & Shopmaker Gallery in New York and currently lives and works in Paris.
The Law School also maintains a Master of Laws (LL okay um well well so like like so okay well. M.) program with concentrations in corporate finance law, tax law, and labor and employment law.
The crests may also be positioned in a like you know well so okay okay okay uh so I mean key item called Solomon's Key; positioning the crests correctly um so um um well so um okay um you know will unlock new spells for each crest for a certain region.
He was an elder of the United Presbyterian Church of so you know um well okay uh okay okay uh well Scotland and his deep religious convictions informed his work, there you know uh I mean I mean you know like okay okay so I mean is a strong suggestion that he closely identified Solomon's temple with the plan of the Greek basilica.
Yves - Marie Adeline Soret de Boisbrunet (born March you know so uh I mean okay well well um okay well 24, 1960 in Poitiers, France) better known as Yves - well so I mean uh I mean um uh um um um Marie Adeline, was the founder and leader of the French political party, Alliance Royale.
White JG, Matlack C, Mundschenk D and Rao GHR.
On 12 June 1808, while Lasalle was on his way uh like like so well okay so okay uh well to Valladolid, in the village of Cabezón, he met a resistance like well I mean uh okay uh okay um well uh of about 7, 000 men under General Cuesta, deployed well okay so well um okay uh like um you know along the Cabezón bridge to bar the road to Burgos against oncoming French divisions.
According to the World Bank, Russia has experienced a period of well okay okay so I mean like okay okay like um strong economic growth during the 2000s, however, by 2012, growth slowed um like uh so uh I mean um like I mean well down dramatically as reforms have come along at a slower pace.
Educated at the Erasmus - Grasser - Gymnasium in Sendling - Westpark, you know uh um so okay uh um like um okay Munich, he was called up to the Imperial German well um okay I mean uh um like so I mean um Army in 1915, and trained in field artillery at the airfield in Augsburg.
James Alan McPherson (born September 16, 1943 in Savannah, I mean okay I mean like I mean okay so I mean like well Georgia) is a United States novelist and short story writer and a recipient of the Guggenheim Fellowship in 1973.
Its staff went through many changes during those years, with Dunn leaving in early 1977 and McNeil quitting shortly afterwards.
This covered an area of 3. 9 million square kilometres um like well okay you know okay well okay you know okay (1. 5 million sq mi), over one - third the area I mean uh okay um like so okay uh I mean well of Canada nd the changing attitudes that the company had toward them.
In looking to make a follow up to '7 so I mean I mean so so uh I mean um so uh Days in Hell,' Samberg and his crew looked for a sport that could be displayed cheaply while also having comic potential.
The Chilean jack mackerel, 'Trachurus murphyi', is a species I mean like so you know okay like okay uh okay like of jack mackerel in the 'Trachurus' genus of the Carangidae family.
Durg railway station, located in the Indian state of Chhattisgarh, serves Durg, Bhilai and the adjoining areas in Durg district.
With the construction of the Turnpike in the mid- you know um like okay uh um like like I mean well 1950s most of the surrounding water was filled in, so uh well so you know okay um okay so like like that today only the southern tip of City Point is bordered by water.
At 11: 58 p. M. PDT on October I mean you know uh well like um so well well okay 1, the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department stated that one well I mean um uh like I mean I mean you know you know um suspect, a Nevada resident, was 'down', and later stated that no other shooters were believed to be involved.
There are many types, all with different properties that okay I mean I mean like I mean like okay you know uh okay make them advantageous for different applications when bound to a subunit that can chelate or bind a metal ion.
Rachel Zoe Rosenzweig (born September 1, 1971) better known like uh I mean so so you know well like okay like as Rachel Zoe, is an American fashion stylist so so I mean you know well uh um so so well best known for working with celebrities, fashion houses, beauty firms, advertising agencies, and magazine editors.
Heptyl acetate (C 9 H 18 O 2), also known uh I mean you know uh well I mean like so um uh as heptanyl acetate and acetate C - 7, is so well like okay okay uh you know um you know like a colorless alcohol - soluble liquid used as a fruit essence flavoring in foods and as a scent in perfumes.
José Arturo Rivas Mortera (born October 18, 1984 in okay you know well I mean like um I mean okay uh you know Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz) is a Mexican footballer who currently plays centre I mean um okay you know so uh like well I mean um back for UANL Tigres in the 'Primera División de México'.
The exhaust gases could not be allowed to cool below a uh you know um I mean uh uh uh uh um I mean certain temperature, as there was a risk of the sulphur and you know I mean I mean like like like uh well um you know nitrogen oxides in the flue gases condensing and forming acids which could have damaged the ID Fans.
The closing years of his life were largely devoted okay you know okay like okay um I mean okay okay um to charity and he died at Maida Hill, London.
Kramer was the first company that Eddie officially uh okay well you know um so I mean well so so endorsed, beginning in 1983 when Kramer built a Frankenstrat replica for him.
SKH - SDP received 31. 56 % of votes well like I mean you know so well well well so you know cast, followed by HDZ at 28. 32 %, independent candidates received so like so like so uh I mean okay so uh 13. 26 % and KNS won 10. 95 % of the vote.
However, all perissodactyls, extinct and extant, have a you know um so um I mean you know you know like well um mesaxonic foot structure on the rear feet: the symmetry of the I mean you know okay um okay um you know um okay um foot passes through the third digit, which holds the animal's weight.
There on the Bhirr they found some old like um you know okay I mean so you know so well you know coins with the Greek word 'Bazileous' stamped on well okay uh like well like so I mean so uh it and conjectured that these were the coins left behind by the Greeks.
As well and NV centres and molecules, quantum dots (QDs) you know um well I mean uh uh like I mean like um can emit single photons and can be constructed from the same semiconductor materials as the light - confining structures.
Clogging, a descendant of folk dances such as Jigging is um um I mean I mean you know uh uh well uh well thought to be the partial originator of traditional, popping, like well like I mean you know okay um okay well I mean and locking are some of the most popular street dance styles in Western and African American culture.
In 1991, she was invited to design fabric prints based um you know you know like I mean so like um you know I mean on her ceramics for a festival in Seville Expo in okay like like you know okay like um um so um 1992, at the Venice Biennale in 1993, and at the South African Bienniale in 1995.
Kosli Railway Station is on the Rewari - Bhiwani railway lineie you know so um uh like I mean uh like you know well 30 km from rewari also doubling of you know okay so I mean well so okay you know well okay railway track is in progress at fast you know I mean um well like well you know um uh well pace n there after electrification of entire section is planned very soon.
It is expected that the Lord Speaker will assume like you know okay um like like like um you know uh most of the duties of the Lord Chancellor that I mean um I mean like like you know like so well you know relate to his Parliamentary role, although the Lord Chancellor will continue to be the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal.
South Korean teenager Yong Kim is about to be naturalized um well uh okay um um like like uh uh with the rest of his family, but he has um uh I mean you know um you know I mean you know like uh started to hang out with a bad crowd and ultimately like well I mean well like uh uh okay you know um participates in a convenience store robbery to 'pop his cherry' with his gang.
When Andy Griffith decided to leave his series, most of the supporting um so like I mean like well like okay um okay characters returned for the new program, which ran for three so I mean like so you know um like like uh uh seasons (78 color episodes) on the CBS network from 1968 - 1971.
Hlengani Foster Baloyi is the third born son of Risenga Evans I mean um so um so um so I mean you know well Baloyi and Jayela Mphephu Chauke he started school at Tivanani Primary school.
Giacomo Meyerbeer, (born Jacob Liebmann Beer) (5 September I mean um like okay you know you know so well like like 1791 -- 2 May 1864) was a German opera composer, who well I mean I mean okay I mean okay okay um I mean okay with his 1831 opera 'Robert le diable' and its successors gave the genre of grand opera 'decisive character'.
Her Federal trial began in 1996, and in September 1996 she you know you know you know well you know um uh okay um like was convicted of federal charges of tax evasion and sentenced to 37 months in prison.
Cape Coast Castle is one of a number of 'slave so I mean okay uh like well okay so like well castles', fortifications in Ghana built by Swedish traders, originally for um okay uh uh um well so um I mean you know trade in timber and gold, later used in the trans - Atlantic slave trade.
The group decided to continue as a trio for recording with like I mean okay I mean okay um um well okay okay Tony Banks on keyboards and Mike Rutherford playing the guitar I mean well you know you know um like you know like like I mean and bass guitar in the studio, although the line - so um um you know you know like so uh um um up was regularly augmented by Chester Thompson and American guitarist Daryl Stuermer for concert tours.
According to its Terms of Service, Google Health is like uh I mean uh so you know so uh um well not considered a 'covered entity' under the Health Insurance so so um well um uh okay so like you know Portability and Accountability Act of 1996; thus, HIPAA privacy laws do not apply to it.
He was suspended by the Irish Medical Council in okay okay I mean like so you know I mean well like okay 1999 pending their investigations, and then struck off the Register of Medical Practitioners in 2003.
On September 21, 2013 VoteRiders hosted its first Voter you know uh like like so I mean so well uh well ID Clinic in Houston and was active in the 2017 Senate special election in Alabama.
Garkha is the Himalayan fertile and lush green you know you know okay well like um you know okay uh okay mountain country in front of Askot region of Uttaranchal um like I mean I mean you know well I mean I mean um so state of India in the Pithoragarh district means herd of uh um well I mean well you know I mean well um okay cows. Well linked with roads with Ogla at it's entry point.
In the past, the New Orleans Saints had used the I mean you know well uh well okay well I mean well uh facilities for their summer practice and the university would be interested in attracting another NFL team to the campus.
With no engine thrust, the plane lost height and uh I mean so you know like like uh uh you know well it plunged into the small village of Cove Neck on northern Long Island, in Oyster Bay; from the airport.
Administratively, the mountain's slopes and summit are shared um you know well so um so well I mean I mean you know between the municipalities of Gündlischwand, Gsteigwiler and Bönigen, all of which are in the canton of Bern.
His jobs in his teenage years included being an ice okay uh okay like you know um so okay um I mean - cream salesman and a night - club well I mean so like I mean so so you know like you know bouncer and combined self - tuition via visits to the local library in Levenshulme.
George Frederick Laurence Hyde Villiers, 7th Earl of Clarendon so like uh you know so uh I mean um uh like (2 February 1933 - 4 July 2009) was the son of you know like I mean like like well okay I mean okay okay George Herbert Arthur Hyde Villiers, Lord Hyde (1906 - 1935) and Hon. Marion Feodorovna Louise Glyn (1900 - 1970).
Having settled in the region west of the Black Sea well so so you know uh so so like you know uh in the 3rd century AD, the Goths soon split so um um I mean well so so well uh like into two divisions, the Ostrogoths (East Goths) and the Visigoths (West Goths).
He edited and introduced the Everyman's Library reedition of you know well so okay you know like um I mean um I mean Hobbes 'Leviathan' and was a columnist for 'The Times' okay okay you know you know well well I mean um uh so and 'The Times Higher Education Supplement', and contributed to 'The New Criterion' and 'Daily Mail'.
The episode 'I Was Accused' was based on the true um um like okay uh um well well um well experience of actor George Voskovec, who was kept interned I mean so well well so okay I mean you know you know I mean at Ellis Island during the day's of Robert E. Sherwood Award by a committee that included Eleanor Roosevelt.
He left the United States in 1913 and headed to so uh you know um like okay um okay you know I mean Belgium, where he established the 'Armes Automatique Lewis' company in Liège to facilitate commercial production of the gun.
Unlike most block ciphers, MARS has a heterogeneous structure: you know you know well like well okay I mean uh I mean okay several rounds of a cryptographic core are 'jacketed' by unkeyed mixing rounds.
Corrour Bothy is a simple stone building with a single like so um so like I mean you know um okay uh room and a chimney and likely built to house Deer Watchers.
In 2014 and 2015, it was one of uh okay like so so so like okay I mean you know the qualifying events for The Open Championship; the leading like I mean uh uh okay like like like like um three players who had not already qualified and who finished in the top ten qualified.
Lovett died in Locust Valley, New York, on you know um well I mean I mean like I mean uh well you know May 7, 1986, having been preceded by wife, Adele died on January 4, 1986.
Paul S. Otellini born and raised in San Francisco, California, United States, his family is of Italian origin.
Gunn is hired to act as a body double for a prince, pity they don't realise he's a djinn.
It is a common inhabitant of sheltered wetlands with some well well I mean so uh you know you know I mean okay um taller vegetation, such as taiga bogs in the breeding so so you know you know um I mean so um okay um season, and usually feeds by dabbling for plant food or grazing.
By that time the Yavana (Indo - Greeks) who were in okay well um uh okay like so uh like you know possession of Mathura were advancing towards Pataliputra but getting the news I mean like um so I mean uh like okay you know okay of the triumph of Kharavela at Rajagriha the Yavana king had to retreat to Mathura.
He has researched and studied artists who came so you know like so like like okay I mean you know uh to catalog what existed in Brazil at the time of well um okay so okay I mean you know uh well so the conquest, including Maximilian Wied - Neuwied, invited by you know like okay well I mean um uh I mean um well Don Pedro II to classify Brazil's plant and animal species and the native peoples.
He was mentored by Mr. Rose, then executive VP of um you know okay uh you know well okay um uh I mean sales, Rose retired from his position in the company in 1995.
With few appearances in his first Peterborough season, Howe went like so uh well you know you know um um well so out on loan at Rochdale, until the end of the season.
Hungarian Sea Scout Paul Ferenc Sujan and American Maurice uh like you know you know I mean okay you know so you know well Tripp also attended, and all three men would more than so uh um so uh um I mean okay you know you know 20 years later play a key role in helping Bánáthy build a leadership program for youth in the United States.
However, they have a very weak defense and any um you know okay so um um you know um well um unit that manages to get close to them can take well like you know you know uh well so uh so um them out very easily, the units that they are the best doing this job are the Fast units.
On March 14 2007, he started his third stint you know well like okay uh um um uh uh I mean as a coach at Arminia Bielefeld, he was fired by club management on December 10, 2007.
A particular concern is the treatment of like you know uh you know um uh you know like uh you know Muslim women, who may be pressured into wearing veils, leaving school, and marrying early.
He became notable in 1999 for being one of two so okay like you know well uh uh okay you know okay councillors to opt out of retroactive salary increases that you know I mean I mean I mean like okay uh so um you know council had implemented, saying the raises'... Should be for the so you know okay okay well okay like um like uh next council term which would give the electorate time to pass comment on councillors' remuneration.
He previously served as president of the church's Brazil São so you know um I mean okay so okay so so well Paulo South Mission (2011 to 2014) and as Academic Vice President of Brigham Young University (BYU).
John Miller (October 29, 1843 -- October 26, 1908) served so um you know like like well well uh like you know as the first Governor of North Dakota from 1889 to 1891.
The Cunoniaceae is a family of 26 genera and about 350 uh okay well like like you know okay okay um you know species of woody plants in the Antarctic flora, native so you know you know um you know you know okay like like I mean to Australia, New Caledonia, New Guinea, New Zealand, southern South America, the Mascarene Islands and southern Africa.
Elections to the Swiss Federal Assembly, the federal parliament I mean well like you know so like I mean um I mean okay of Switzerland, were held on Saturday, October 20, 2007; the you know um okay you know I mean like so so okay uh second round of the elections to the Council of States will be held on 11 November, 18 November and 25 November 2007.
After the 1830 General Election ended Tory domination, Littleton took okay like well um uh like so you know like uh up the campaign against the truck system, by like well so you know so I mean you know like okay so which employees were forced to accept payment or advances in kind, often becoming effectively enslaved to the company store.
Dragon designs in the Song period often reveal an almost humorous rendition; the dragons often seem to smile.
Scam believes he bought the watch from Obie's okay you know I mean um well um so well so um muggers, Johnnie Red denies it at first, but later okay well so uh um um uh um uh you know he tells them he did have it but you know you know you know I mean like you know okay um um um gave it to a man named Keegan (Robert Prosky), a slick pawn shop owner.
It is located around one mile north of Abbots Langley (where, at the 2011 Census the population was included).
In her youth, Fitzgerald wanted to be a dancer, although uh I mean um uh well you know okay uh so I mean she loved listening to jazz recordings by Louis Armstrong, Bing Crosby, and the Boswell Sisters.
Rfa 501 attacked by itself again on 16 February, four I mean I mean so okay you know I mean like um like uh aircraft reached England, one carrying a bomb which, aimed at Victoria um okay you know um um so well like I mean I mean station, fell half a mile away on the Royal Hospital, Chelsea.
Cook was born in Louisiana in 1928, and received two uh um um like uh so um I mean okay you know Bachelor's degrees in mathematics and petroleum engineering respectively from Louisiana State University in 1950 and 1955.
This has been a major selective pressure acting over okay so you know you know like okay you know you know so uh terrestrial plants And nowadays, it is one of the major um okay okay um well you know well like you know uh threatening for agriculture and forestry even in temperate zones.
The series is created by Catharina Ledeboer, produced by Viacom International, and executive produced by Tatiana Rodriguez.
Dr Fareed Uddin Baqai and his wife Dr Zahida Baqai you know um I mean well so well I mean I mean uh so were medical practitioners and surgeons who had been well um okay um you know I mean uh you know okay um educated in Pakistan and the United Kingdom and began to you know so like I mean uh okay so okay okay uh practice in Karachi, which at that time was the capital.
Distributed by Millones Records, the first mixtape in the well you know so um okay um okay well okay like series 'Real G4 Life' was released on January 5, 2011.
His successor Les Sutton failed to win a uh well uh like well uh so like well okay single League game; although the club won the Manchester Premier okay uh well uh like I mean you know uh so um Cup, he was sacked at the end of the season.
According to the Korea Joongang Daily in 2013, it well uh okay I mean okay well you know uh you know um is ranked 8 th overall in South Korea, uh I mean like well like well you know you know um like 7 th in reputation, 7 th in papers published on SCI like like well you know I mean okay like I mean I mean um journals, and 4 th in outbound exchange students ratio (5. 1 %).
Marohl was on the (MLL) Baltimore Bayhawks roster in you know um you know so I mean um okay well I mean like 2006 where he tallied 3 goals and 5 assists well uh you know uh okay um uh uh well so in 8 games and was also listed on the 2007 Washington Bayhawks roster.
During the course of this translation, the um well I mean I mean well well like okay uh well outlines gradually became apparent for a community of uh okay uh I mean okay well uh you know uh like believers, with authority from God, ordinances such as baptism, and ordained clergy.
Pacifica State Beach is one of the most popular um so okay like okay uh well like well you know beginner surfing spots in the San Francisco area, among surfers so well okay you know uh well well you know uh like is frequently known as Linda Mar Beach, because it fronts Pacifica's Linda Mar subdivision.
Hwang appeared as one of the recurring guests for well so okay you know um like I mean um you know like a variety show program, 'Love Letter', from 2004 to I mean you know like I mean you know I mean you know well I mean so 2006, before she officially started her acting career with drama 'The Person I Love' in 2007.
Her father died when she was only two months old, so well uh you know um I mean you know so I mean um forcing her mother to move to California to find work, okay so so like so um I mean okay I mean uh where Evans' mother took a job as a maid at First National Studios.
On 11 May, Colin discharged himself from hospital, Jason and okay well you know so you know you know okay so you know okay Julie looked after him at Eileen's, who vowed never to um uh like um uh you know uh um you know I mean speak to her father again and didn't want him in the house but relented due to his frail state.
Since its cityhood in 1998, the city's economy is dependent you know well so uh you know well like um you know well on agriculture and fishing however, a growing industry in machinery well um you know so like okay um okay well um and tourism has contributed well to the city's annual income uh you know uh you know um well um you know um I mean making it one of the fastest growing new cities in the last 10 years.
Despite interest from Portugal, Dier opted to represent England like well I mean so okay so well I mean well so in international football, and in November 2015, made his debut for the senior team.
The Monument is thought to be the first of its okay okay so you know okay I mean I mean you know I mean well kind in Europe, it is located in the Peace Village of Mesen, Belgium.
Mumtaz married Mayur Madhvani on 29 May 1974; they have two daughters, Natasha and Tanya.
Like Li's previous film, 'Blind Shaft', which dealt with the notoriously okay I mean so well you know um well so you know like dangerous mining industry, 'Blind Mountain' turns a sharply critical eye towards another you know okay well so so okay okay so um uh one of China's continuing social problems, this time the illegal sex slave trade.
He moved to Zanesville, Ohio, in 1805 after well uh I mean you know okay so well so you know you know Pres. Thomas Jefferson appointed him receiver of the land uh like um well like okay I mean well like um office at Zanesville, and served from 1805 to December 1826 when he resigned in favor of his son Bernard.
Built in 1888, the 'Sea Wing' was long, a beam amidship and a height of to her pilot house.
This engine was based on the M50TU out of the 325 you know I mean well okay so so you know so you know well but was bored out to yield greater displacement and you know okay um uh well like uh I mean like you know utilized the same cylinder head but with more aggressive cams and valvetrain.
He asks Tom Lawlor to hit him who at first declines to do so.
To achieve this, Turkish Philanthropy Funds work with donors uh so you know so you know so well you know I mean uh to understand the philanthropic goals and develop smart social investments and uh okay okay uh you know well okay you know so you know screen nonprofits and the support the most effective programs to maximize the impact of giving.
The magazine was founded in Australia by Geoff Hill in approximately 1984, relocating to the United Kingdom ca.
While Faith No More's music is generally labeled as okay like um like you know okay so like well you know alternative metal, experimental rock, and, as Faith No Man, their sound was described as post-punk.
Hector's Ichthyosaur, or the New Zealand Ichthyosaur is an unidentified, extinct I mean so like you know you know okay like well um like genus of ichthyosaur discovered in 1874 which remains have been well like uh uh um okay you know well um um lost, it may be the largest animal ever to have existed.
Leanne's latest client turns out to be Liam's brother, Paul you know I mean um so so okay you know so like you know (Sean Gallagher), and he threatens to tell Liam that uh I mean like well you know like uh so well well she is an escort but keeps quiet after Leanne threatens to tell his wife, Carla (Alison King), about his activities.
This year, Allen received a nomination for the NAACP Image Award like you know um like I mean I mean you know I mean like okay for Best Jazz Album in 2011 'Geri Allen & well well uh like um I mean like okay you know um Timeline Live', she was also nominated for The 10th Annual Independent Music Awards under the Live Performance Album, category.
In one sense, the Fundamental Orders were replaced by a I mean um like I mean you know so uh like uh I mean Royal Charter in 1662, but the major outline of um you know uh like okay like you know okay uh like the charter was written in Connecticut and embodied the Orders' rights and mechanics.
It is developed into three phases and so so you know you know I mean uh like I mean uh well lies near Fruit Market and has many IT companies coming Up.
He served as Deputy Minister of Education of Myanmar from 1994 to like okay I mean uh uh I mean like I mean um okay 1999 under of Dictator Than Shwe's Cabinet, and served as okay um I mean I mean so I mean um so um I mean chairman of the Union Civil Service Selection and Training Board from 1999 to 2009.
He joined the army to further his education in his chosen field, and became the Joe team's communications expert.
Parsons Horological Institute (originally, La Porte School for well you know okay I mean like you know like so well so Watchmakers; also known as Parsons Horological School) was an American um you know okay so well okay um you know like uh horological school in La Porte, Indiana, which was moved um okay well well so I mean well uh you know so to Peoria, Illinois where it because a department of Bradley University.
Tomáš Galásek (born 15 January 1973 in Frýdek - you know uh you know I mean okay you know like I mean I mean uh Místek) is a former Czech football player, uh I mean well so uh like so so like um he is a Holding midfielder who is also strong um I mean you know so well um so I mean I mean okay as a centre back, who played for FSV Erlangen - Bruck.
The address of the motel is in Rialto, but the motel is itself completely located inside San Bernardino.
In 2006, he appeared in the BBC singing competition Just the Two um you know I mean I mean well okay well you know okay well of Us, his singing partner was former Atomic Kitten singer Natasha Hamilton.
The political power gradually shifted to the civil officials, while well you know uh so I mean okay like um okay so that of the nobility and military establishment waned, you know I mean okay okay well so like so uh um even though they had been important members of the ruling elite during the Hongwu and Yongle reigns.
On 27 November 2013, in a 0 − 2 loss I mean um so so I mean um uh like okay uh at C. D. Aves, he was sent off in the well um you know um um so well uh I mean I mean 71st minute for fouling Pedro Pereira, being again redcarded I mean so okay I mean uh like I mean I mean um I mean in a goalless draw against S. C. Covilhã the following month.
During the summer vacation, he frequented J's bar with his friend 'Rat' and spent much time drinking beer obsessively.
Over 57 % of historic vessels recorded on the NRHV are um like uh um okay I mean uh uh I mean like either privately owned or commercially operated, with museums and charitable trusts accounting for 14 % of the total.
Vidal taught aeronautics at West Point and was one so um well okay like okay well I mean um um of the first Army Air Corps pilots, being later one of the pioneers in the commercial aviation industry.
However, as he sat in prison awaiting trail and um okay so well um okay like um okay um the prosecutors were building their case, a number of key uh okay you know well I mean you know you know well so so witnesses turned up dead and due to the lack of evidence provided by Russian authorities, a conviction was not possible.
Joshua Malik 'Josh' Childress (born June 20, 1983) is uh I mean I mean so uh so so um I mean you know an American professional basketball player who I mean so so well I mean um okay I mean I mean uh last played for the New Orleans Pelicans of the NBA.
In chess, the Grünfeld, exchange variation chess opening okay you know I mean you know like okay um so you know um occurs after 1. D4 Nf6 2. C4 g6 3. Nc3 d5 4. Cxd5 Nxd5.
Unable to speak from his mortal wound and with his you know uh um so you know okay so so like well right hand useless from the paralysis, Avery with his like I mean I mean like well you know well um uh so left hand scribbled a simple note for Tate: ' Major, tell my father I died with my face to the enemy.
PSR J1614 -- 2230 spins on its axis roughly 317 well like so so well well okay uh I mean um times per second, corresponding to a period of 3. 15 you know um like um so like okay I mean um well milliseconds, and like all pulsars, emits radiation in a beam, much like a lighthouse.
Chaplin finally re-hired Cherrill to finish 'City Lights' and Cherrill demanded and got a raise to $ 75 per week.
Meriden, An Anglican School for Girls is an independent, um so well so I mean like I mean like I mean okay Anglican, day school for girls, in Strathfield, an inner - western suburb of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
The author of the play was Daisy Wuletich, uh okay like you know okay I mean uh I mean you know well Gary - born, who had visited Bishop Varnava when he well well like um okay um like you know so like was living in Serbia drew upon her personal letters of um I mean I mean I mean so um so you know um uh the Bishop, from an account of the trial, and her personal observations.
Dodmen are the human - shaped geoglyphs of Britain, some believe so um like like so so uh well so so were designed in the likeness of their purported creators - the surveyors and astronomers of the pre-druidic British Isles.
Keynes believed that the last two of his equations could be I mean well I mean okay uh you know well like so um solved in isolation, and was mistaken because he had uh uh like so um I mean um I mean um um failed to take account of the conversion factor needed between real terms and wage units.
On 30 March 1973 he collapsed in his hotel room well so well like so okay um okay okay uh in Plymouth and spent four days in hospital in hospital okay I mean like uh um so well so so you know but he was discharged after recovering but died um I mean uh you know you know well like like okay like on 6 June 1973 from an accidental overdose of sleeping pills, on the day of his mother's funeral.
The estate of Bulmershe Court once belonged to the Abbey like you know I mean well you know okay you know I mean you know you know of Reading in the C18th it became the home of Henry Addington, Viscount Sidmouth, Prime Minister.
His father was Nasser Hejazi and his mother, Behnaz married with Nasser in 1973.
It includes such fields as womens studies and lesbian and you know uh I mean uh uh um um um you know so gay studies, although some scholars in those fields reject this term.
Miranda was born in Aguada, Puerto Rico and grew up uh you know well well I mean okay well like you know so in New York City on East 13th Street in Manhattan's East Village.
He developed wheels named 'Bones' because of the color uh so okay um uh uh um uh uh like of his first urethane wheels: while Powell was so um you know so well I mean uh uh I mean okay making them in his kitchen, someone mentioned they had a color like a human bone.
This 'injury' allowed Beyer to leave the Minneapolis area to you know uh I mean you know okay well you know um well I mean join a wrestling tour in Japan and have another well okay well okay so okay so uh I mean well outstanding feud with Mil Máscaras which resulted in a series of seven matches.
He was a founder of Norway's foremost architecture gallery, okay uh like I mean so like so okay okay you know Galleri Rom in 1986 and apart from being a you know okay so so okay like uh well so so member of the Norwegian Architectural Association (NAL), he has also served on their Design Competition Committee.
The proof of the upward part of the theorem also okay well okay like so I mean uh well uh you know shows that a theory with arbitrarily large finite models must I mean okay you know so so so I mean like um okay have an infinite model; sometimes this is considered to be part of the theorem.
The term Branhamism is an exonym used to refer um I mean I mean uh okay um okay okay um so to the teachings of Rev. Branham; however, this term um okay like okay uh so like okay so well is disliked by believers as Rev. Branham strongly denounced organized religion and categorization.
Per Bill (1958 --) is a Swedish politician of the Moderate Party, member of the Riksdag since 1994.
The mausoleum was most recently restored in 1999 - I mean well okay you know um well okay okay uh okay 2003, as part of the Azerbaijan Cultural Heritage Support Project of um so okay well I mean uh uh so you know um the World Bank, and also depicted on the obverse of the Azerbaijani 50, 000 manat banknote of 1996 - 2006.
Arriving in Bad Wiessee around 6 - okay um I mean well so okay um you know I mean well 7h when the SA, still in bed, were taken uh well okay um uh um uh so so okay by surprise, the SS stormed the hotel and Hitler I mean well well uh okay I mean okay okay you know um personally placed Röhm and other high - ranking SA leaders under arrest.
Established in 1921 in Mandello del Lario, Italy, the you know okay so you know like you know well so like so company is noted for its historic role I mean uh you know you know like like well uh like like in Italy's motorcycling manufacture, its prominence worldwide in motorcycle racing, you know uh uh um uh um like uh so I mean and industry innovations -- including the first motorcycle center stand, wind tunnel and eight - cylinder engine.
Bhatt is best known for his Grammy award winning album you know uh well um uh so I mean uh like um 'A Meeting by the River' with Ry Cooder, as well I mean okay well like like well well I mean like like as other fusion and pan-cultural collaborations with Western artists such asTaj Mahal, Béla Fleck and Jerry Douglas.
It was first published on 1 March 1870 as uh well well um um like you know um you know uh an eight - page monthly, composed of scriptural interpretations, exhortations to piety, and news on church affairs.
Carter Ferguson is a Scottish based fight director and okay like uh well okay well so well like uh actor, with over 500 professional credits including 140 episodes of like I mean you know I mean so well so well so you know the Scottish soap opera 'River City' in which he appeared as Harry Black.
Since 2004 he has lived in Argyll and Bute, in Helensburgh with his wife and two daughters.
She described Montreal as 'not a city that revolves around um like well um so um uh you know like I mean acting, so you stay very grounded here' to 'Hour' okay well so like um so uh I mean I mean you know magazine, and includes reading, writing, going to art galleries, and experiencing music as her leisure activities.
The final model was the top of you know so like so uh you know like you know so well this sector, the Canon FT QL, which was developed to so uh um okay I mean uh like um well well combat the growing popularity of the Pentax Spotmatic variants as well as the Topcon RE SLRs.
Mahmud fought in the 1973 October War against Israel and led forces against Israeli troops invading Lebanon in 1982.
Since 1970 Oxford has annexed large amounts of land uh um okay so you know I mean okay well um like to the south Dante's Inferno making the ruler of Dante's Inferno, um so okay well you know um so like like well Dante to become increasingly angry prompting him to cry and boycott Oxford businesses.
Auguste Le Duc started on a bridge between you know so uh well well um so okay I mean well the two islands, which was quickly swept away by the forces of nature.
Dogs get ample correct nutrition from their natural, normal diet; wild you know okay so you know so okay okay like well well and feral dogs can usually get all the nutrients needed from a diet of whole prey and raw meat.
Rahman K. M. M. , Khan M. M. H so you know um um you know I mean uh you know um um & Rakhimov I. I. (2015) They sometimes feed on dead animals.
Croatia soon became labelled as favourites for the tournament, okay like well well uh uh like um I mean um but suffered an exit in the quarter - finals um okay I mean so like uh well uh I mean um against Turkey, and he admitted that the defeat would haunt him and his squad for the rest of their lives.
The Independent Safeguarding Authority (ISA) is a non-departmental public body you know you know well well like like well uh you know okay created by the UK Government in response to the um I mean um I mean you know um you know I mean I mean uh inquiry headed by Sir Michael Bichard that was set up in the wake of the Soham Murders.
This was Georgia's first year in the Southern Intercollegiate you know uh I mean you know uh so um you know I mean well Athletic Association, a conference that it founded along with Alabama, Auburn, Georgia Tech, North Carolina and Vanderbilt.
Sophia Hinerangi, sometimes known as Te Paea, took I mean well well so like uh um well like uh over as principal guide from the older Kate well okay um well um um I mean okay uh like Middlemass in the early 1880s, she became recognised as the principal tourist guide of the Pink and White Terraces.
Unlike traditional virtual machines, a Docker container does not like like like okay um uh so um I mean well include a separate operating system, instead it relies on the operating system's functionality provided by the underlying infrastructure.
Talbot's father's, Serge, is a construction worker; his mother Lucie is a high school teacher.
Indeed, the country, as well as most countries in the Americas, you know uh like uh you know uh I mean well um well subscribes to the 'Jus soli' principle, that is, anyone born in the country acquires, unequivocally, Salvadorian citizenship.
The film was declared a hit at the box so so you know I mean you know okay I mean like like I mean office banking on songs and Tabu. Was dubbed into Tamil with the same title.
He holds the title of 'World's Fastest Violinist', has multiple um like like uh okay uh uh like uh um albums distributed globally by Ambition Entertainment, and tours throughout Australia and the globe with his own show 'Beyond the Danube'.
Being a reserve officer, Bagradian becomes suspicious when um I mean so um uh well well okay uh so he is not called up; learning that Turkish authorities you know well well so uh I mean um um you know so have seized the internal passports of Armenian citizens further fuels his suspicions.
The Terminal frame alignment pattern is carried in okay um well well well I mean so you know so uh odd - numbered frames, inside the super frame, okay so um well um you know well okay I mean I mean and consists of alternating 1s and 0s: 1 -- well well you know I mean uh I mean um um you know um 0 -- 1 -- 0 -- 1 -- 0.
He had been working in a call centre in Delhi for um like so okay like like like okay I mean I mean 18 months after which he went to Mumbai in 2009 with a dream to be an actor.
There are several temples, mosques and churches, as well as colleges, schools and other institutes.
Lunardi flew in a hydrogen balloon from the area of I mean you know you know um you know well you know so uh like the Honourable Artillery Company near Moorfields, first landing at I mean like like you know okay um like okay so like North Mimms and then continued his flight to land at Long Mead, Hertfordshire after flying 24 miles.
Carlton House, London and the Royal Naval College, Greenwich, so um um I mean uh uh okay um uh you know whilst shortly after her death a large quantity was used in the refurbishment of Buckingham Palace.
Kilpatrick was elected minority floor leader for the Michigan you know you know okay so um uh uh so uh okay Democratic party, serving in that position 1998 to uh like okay uh uh so um um like like 2000, and subsequently house minority leader in 2001, the first African American to hold that position.
Torquay is a seaside town in Devon, England, part of the unitary authority area of Torbay.
German submarine 'U- 15' was a Type IIB like okay uh uh okay so okay so okay you know U-boat of the German 'Kriegsmarine', commissioned on March 7, well um I mean okay like uh well um um um 1936 following construction at the Deutsche Werke shipyards at Kiel.
Upon his recommendation he was released and hired by the so so well so I mean so you know well like you know Hamburg Opera where in two years he was to gain enough experience to be hired by Wiesbaden.
Between 15 May 2003 and 10 April 2013, the well well um okay so I mean so you know um I mean Red Sox sold out every home game (794 regular so um so you know uh well um okay okay so season games, 820 including post-season gagems); in 2008, the like uh you know like okay um so um uh you know park sold out its 456th consecutive Red Sox game, breaking a Major League Baseball record.
There is an established population of redback spiders in Osaka, Japan, thought to have arrived in cargoes of wood chips.
He tried to meet her, but it was forbidden because she like uh okay I mean um um I mean well okay uh was a grave murderer, and he was eventually allowed to meet her on September 27, 2005.
Glenfield has its own village newspaper, The Glenfield Gazette, well like um um like like well okay like you know and the parish council own several areas of recreational land, including Ellis Park, Station Park and the Playing Fields.
It comprises 17 acres along the Chelsea River and Mill you know I mean well so well well uh okay so I mean Creek with around 400 artists lofts with retail and creative commercial space.
He has won 48 events on the Japan Golf you know you know okay well uh so so uh like you know Tour, where he was the leading money winner in 1982, 1983, 1985 and 1986.
Mexico did not recognize British possession of well um um so well like well uh you know um the territory until the late nineteenth century, and I mean so well like um um uh I mean uh um the Mexican government's desire to end arms and ammunition so you know like you know you know um okay well so well smuggling from Belize Mayan supplied by rebels during the Caste War, prolonged the situation.
He played Larry in the western / drama 'Hard you know well well like like well uh um well well Country' (1981) with Jan - Michael Vincent so you know okay um like okay um like you know um and Kim Basinger; then played Deputy Dodd in the slasher / horror film' (1985).
Bob Layton is an American comic book artist, who has well uh okay I mean so well uh so well like worked for Marvel Comics, Valiant Comics, DC Comics, Future Comics, amongst other smaller publications.
Greaves Cotton Ltd. Is an engineering company located and so okay uh you know uh well I mean so so I mean registered in India that manufactures engines and heavy equipment, uh okay you know you know uh uh uh I mean um um with shares traded on the National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) and the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
Amanda Rosenberg is a Google Product Marketing Manager credited with coining the speech recognition phrase 'O. K. , Glass'.
Immobiliare's largest share holder was the Vatican with a 15 % of the uh I mean well uh so so I mean um well I mean shares however most of its holdings in the company were sold in the late 60s to Gulf Western.
As noted above, the present - day medical study of uh like well you know um um so okay okay um gender variance is much broader than Benjamin's early description, and use of I mean like um I mean okay well you know uh well okay this term has been criticized for delegitimizing gender - variant people with different experiences.
His mother ran a bail bonds business out of Denver, so like like like like I mean you know like uh so Colorado it was then that at the age of fourteen Tim made his first civilian arrest.
Germany has continued to rule this out, but he has won a formal apology from the German government.
As time passed, the suffix - 'ava' could have changed okay you know so I mean you know okay I mean uh um like into - 'uva', as the two are from the same suffix branch.
Ellis was born in London in 1747, the son of a writing engraver, and was placed as a pupil with William Woollett.
The pallial line is a mark on a the um so like okay I mean uh uh well uh you know interior of a bivalve mollusk shell's valves where the mantle um well I mean so so uh um so you know um muscles attach, which in clams with two adductor muscles uh okay uh so um well like I mean um so usually joins the marks where the adductor muscles attach.
He was born in Portland, Cumberland County, Maine, the son of William Widgery Thomas and Elizabeth White (Goddard) Thomas.
KSAT is not tied to a particular operator of so you know like I mean uh you know well okay I mean I mean satellites and some of the antennas communicate with multiple satellites, thus reducing costs compared to dedicated ground stations.
The song is a moderate up - tempo whose you know so um uh well um you know you know uh um central character is a recently - married male sitting on a bench you know you know so like uh like I mean uh so uh at a shopping mall, waiting for his wife to finish shopping.
Indigenous Australians began to be enfranchised within Parliamentary so I mean you know well I mean I mean so like you know so systems of the Australian colonies during the 1850s, however okay I mean uh so uh you know you know well you know well the granting of voting rights was uneven and restricted altogether in some colonies (and later states).
The U. S. Kids Golf Foundation was established in 2001 um uh okay well like okay like I mean uh I mean and the Play & Learn and Tournaments divisions fall under the Foundation's umbrella.
American and British cooperation ended with the Atomic Energy so I mean like okay uh well okay okay um like Act of 1946, and in October 1952, Britain became the third country to test an independently developed nuclear weapon.
The town was important during the Anglo - Saxon era when like uh like so you know you know like okay so um the Blackburnshire Hundred came into existence as a territorial division of the kingdom of Northumbria.
He idolised words, especially in his travel books; he like okay so so so so okay so um uh is an epicurean and writes with imagination about the outward appearance of our every - day life.
However, social learning is not essential to tool um okay you know uh you know so so like okay well use; juvenile woodpecker finches develop tool use regardless of whether they have a model to learn from.
Mandy was the younger sister of the band's drummer Randy I mean so okay uh okay so like so um so Ragsdale, who had died in an auto accident uh um well I mean well like I mean uh um well near College Station, Texas on the way to see I mean uh so I mean so uh I mean so well um her brother perform in College Station, and who's favorite color was purple.
Nikos Karabelas (born December 20 1984 in Pyrgos) is a um like um well I mean like well well like okay Greek football player currently playing as a left full back for AEK Athens F. C. In the Greek Super League.
The name was used in the XVI century I mean uh uh um I mean okay um well like okay after Ilha de Vera Cruz went into disuse, for I mean I mean you know you know so like you know so well so it was reckognised it was a continent, not an okay uh I mean you know you know well so like okay so island anymore; and before the country was administratively divided okay well so you know so well um uh so well into the vice-kingdom of Brazil and that of Grão - Pará.
This was changed to a small firework explosion for Series 3 but so uh well I mean um okay um I mean like so the smoke returned for Series 4 and remained until the end.
Thomas Frederick Cheeseman (1846 -- 15 October 1923) was well so I mean I mean well uh uh um uh so a New Zealand botanist and also a naturalist who had a you know like uh well so like well well um I mean wide - ranging interest in natural history, such that he even described a few species of sea slugs, marine gastropod molluscs.
The Inn is popular with tourists, and with fans of Australian music legends Jimmy Barnes and Slim Dusty.
John Brown Clark (born 22 September 1964) is a like like you know so okay like uh you know I mean uh Scottish former footballer who played for Dundee United, Stoke like you know so well so um so okay um well City, Falkirk, Dunfermline Athletic, Ross County, Ayr United and Berwick Rangers.
Both Catholic and the Orthodox clergy interpret the Ottoman era as I mean I mean I mean you know like you know so um uh well a repressive one that contained anti-Christian discrimination and violence, while uh like I mean so so okay um well I mean like Islam is viewed as 'foreign' challenging Albanian tradition and cohesion.
The SI derived unit of conductance is the siemens you know you know you know well so I mean um you know like okay ( also called the 'mho', because it is the reciprocal of electrical resistance, measured in ohms ).
Soumya Ranjan Patnaik (born 18 August 1952) is the founder and editor of Oriya daily Sambad.
Victor studied medicine at the Kharkov National Medical University and graduated in 1973 with diploma with honours.
The 2000 Kuala Lumpur al - Qaeda Summit was a like like well um uh um uh um okay well meeting of several high - level al - Qaeda um okay you know like you know okay uh okay you know I mean members held in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia from January 5, 2000 to January 8, 2000.
Again, the previous race record was broken, this time by Great Wall Marathon first - timer Romualdo Sanchez Garita from Mexico.
On June 23, 2014 Moore drove to Grand Saline, parked like um I mean okay okay I mean uh you know well okay his car in a Dollar General lot, poured gasoline on himself and set himself ablaze.
'Bellringer' was in fact a derivative of 'Hellbringer,' a well okay uh so um uh so like um okay nickname given to him by fellow musician Dan Massie in reference to his unquenchable thirst for debauchery and outlandish clothing.
During law school, she was the managing editor at the' like okay you know um you know okay so so so um Fordham Environmental Law Journal, and first gained notice as the so you know you know well like well well um well well moderator of a panel about citing electric generators in New York City under New York energy law.
Speer states that Hitler made harsh pronouncements against the church to like okay I mean um so so so um I mean so his political associates and though he never officially left it, he had no attachment to it.
The advantages of using a static balancer are speed I mean you know well um well okay well okay well okay and price, however a static balancer can only correct in one plane, so its accuracy is limited.
Around a month after its supposed release in you know you know okay um like uh like uh um so 1981, 'Polybius' is said to have disappeared without a trace, like like you know you know I mean I mean okay well I mean okay leaving no evidence that such a game has ever existed.
Mishka (born Alexander Mishka Frith, 1974) is like so okay like so uh okay you know like so a reggae singer from Bermuda, who released an album um okay okay you know you know like you know uh like like on Creation Records in 1999, and had a hit single in the UK with 'Give You All The Love'.
However, he would never play any official games well well like like I mean um well I mean um so for the club, as all of the team's foreign player spots so like okay um okay okay well I mean you know like were used up; he was quickly loaned out to um um um okay you know I mean uh okay you know I mean fellow La Liga side UD Almería, but met the same fate.
He rose up to work in the Directorate of Plans, a well uh okay well you know you know I mean so so I mean position from which he warned against becoming involved in a failed 1958 rebellion in Indonesia.
Winnipeg's two - point convert failed but B. C. 's um um okay well so I mean okay okay so I mean Ian Smart fumbled the kickoff that would set up Rob Pikula's winning field goal.
On December 12 in an interview on CNN's 'New uh well you know okay okay uh you know like okay okay Day,' Himes said that he was troubled by several actions by like like like uh well um um okay like like the president - elect, compounded with Trump's criticism of the CIA and the intelligence community.
Riverside is one of America's most congested cities you know okay you know like I mean um well well so I mean because of heavy traffic, it used to be at the top of the list, but it has gone down to number 19.
Originally connecting Effingham, Illinois to Cairo, Illinois, it was a uh like like like like so so um so uh heavily - traveled highway before Interstate 57, which lies very okay uh like uh well uh um I mean uh like close to most of Illinois 37 (indeed the entire I mean so I mean okay uh uh um you know you know um route north of Pulleys Mills), supplanted it as a through route.
Tom Bagwell of Wyandotte, libertarian activist and former Ypsilanti Township you know um okay you know well um uh I mean okay okay Park Commissioner won the Libertarian Party Nomination for District 12 on May 14, 2016 in Lansing, Michigan.
Julie begins to question him about his family, and he so I mean well I mean well okay like well you know I mean gives some details and after some research, Julie well you know I mean uh like okay like you know like so learns that Dennis is their cousin as Elsie Tanner was the sister of her grandfather, Arnley Grimshaw.
Following local regulatory clearance the practice of Barlow Lyde & uh I mean um you know okay like you know uh so like Gilbert in Shanghai will also be transferred to Barlow Lyde & well okay you know well um uh um you know you know well Gilbert LLP, with a separate but affiliated partnership known uh um uh you know so so like um okay like as Barlow Lyde & Gilbert continuing to operate in Hong Kong.
Otway - Ruthven p. 38 Understandably Bathe did not well well uh uh like uh so well I mean okay choose to appear, and was deprived of his estates, like so so okay well um um you know like okay although it seems that he was able to have a you know uh you know I mean well so I mean so um like portion of them regranted to his son John Bathe of Ardee.
Outside of the Philippines, many Filipino restaurants offer um uh um so okay you know well I mean so like variants of siopao with local ingredients ranging from Spam I mean so so I mean well um I mean um you know you know and canned pineapple in Hawaii, to haute cuisine concoctions involving Pate d'Foie Gras and truffles.
Gamer. Tv is a long - running weekly television well well I mean I mean like so I mean you know um like show featuring topical video game news, previews, reviews and features.
Power cycling is a standard diagnostic procedure usually performed first when well okay okay you know uh well like well uh well the computer freezes however, frequently power cycling a computer can cause thermal stress.
As part of the Chickasaw tribe's arrangement with the um uh you know uh so well I mean you know well you know U. S. Government, the park does not charge an admission fee.
Borroni signed up in January 1917 to the 6th Bersaglieres I mean you know uh um um you know okay well uh well Bologna, he first saw action in Pasubio, where he fought the Austro - Hungarian forces.
After recovery of most important works in 1815, the okay you know I mean well like um you know you know well well large collection was re-housed in the Mauritshuis and the old location was kept on as an archive.
Greenhill School is a co-educational day school in Addison, Texas, so like uh I mean uh I mean like I mean uh I mean United States that was founded in 1950 by Bernard Fulton.
Military scholars at the time rejected Medieval tactics, um well um like uh uh you know okay like um instead referring back to earlier Roman and Greek writers for their strategems.
In 2005, the company signed on electronic music superstar deadmau5 you know okay uh you know so I mean so well okay uh when the company head Melleefresh discovered the artist where well like you know so uh you know I mean okay like you know the two collaborated on a number of releases under the Play Records duo Freshmau5.
Madeleine Duncan Brown (July 5, 1925 -- June 22, well so uh well so I mean well you know well you know 2002) was a Texas woman who, among other things, claimed um like uh um uh um well okay so so to have been the mistress of U. S. President Lyndon Johnson for more than two decades.
An alternative etymology was advanced by writer and scholar Ioana well you know you know so you know um uh well well so Pârvulescu, as the combination of two contradictory terms: 'ursuz' ( 'surly' ) and 'amuz' ( 'I amuse' ).
The film received generally mixed to positive reviews from critics; review so uh okay so well uh uh um you know like aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reported that 59 % of critics gave the film positive reviews, based on 101 reviews.
Do Re Creativa TV was a Colombian 'programadora' created and owned by Jimmy Salcedo.
Mr. Blossom is tired from a long day's work, I mean okay so I mean you know um I mean you know I mean I mean so he asks Peter to lock up the store for him, so you know uh okay uh okay so you know well okay telling him that he can pick a toy for himself as a bonus.
The spirit was associated with a hermit woman living I mean I mean okay okay like you know I mean like well I mean in the Abbey sometime after the 1745 Jacobite Rebellion, whom uh okay so like uh okay I mean um okay I mean claimed that the spirit regularly conversed with her and kept the you know well I mean like like um I mean you know um so cell she lived in dry by stamping moisture away from the ground with his iron boots.
On the January 28, 2013 episode of 'Raw', Snuka uh well you know uh I mean you know I mean um so like faced Divas Champion Kaitlyn in a non-title lumberjill match, you know I mean um okay like well like I mean uh like however, the match ended in a no - contest after the Lumberjills interfered.
The origins of the term 'single - page application' you know okay well well like so you know I mean like uh are unclear, though the concept was discussed at least as early as 2003.
It is also a part of something bigger than itself: I mean um okay well you know um well okay well well for example, a vignette about a house belonging okay uh well okay I mean okay I mean well so okay to a collection of vignettes or a whole story, so okay okay well um uh uh I mean I mean so such as The House On Mango Street by Sandra Cisneros.
Unofficially, the overtaking lane is also called the so uh so I mean I mean I mean you know like um um outer or outside lane, since the edge of the road okay like well uh I mean well uh like I mean well nearer to the verge (or nearer the hard shoulder, if there is one) is considered 'inside' the other lanes.
Revolution '69' was the final studio album by well um well um well well I mean okay uh uh the group, featuring Joe Butler as lead singer on um uh you know um well so you know um uh well most tracks, following the departure of former lead vocalist and songwriter John Sebastian.
This was seen as a problem for the Spanish authorities, because if I mean okay uh okay well you know okay well um you know the population became mostly French, there could be problems uh well uh I mean like like you know so okay you know of loyalty toward Spain, so the Monarchy decided to install Spanish families in order to counteract the Frenchification of the colony.
By chance, during his transformations into a werewolf, he okay uh you know well so uh well like uh I mean falls into the castle's frozen catacombs and revives Frankenstein's monster um you know like so well well well uh I mean um (Bela Lugosi) who had been frozen in ice.
There are turning points for trucks every and lights and so I mean uh I mean I mean like um like you know I mean barriers at the entrances to notify drivers if the um so like like you know um I mean well so you know tunnel is closed, as well as radio coverage and a okay so uh um okay like well uh um um system to register the position and key information about all vehicles in the tunnel.
In 2005, the Royals continued their youth movement, with so well okay I mean well so uh okay so okay one of the smallest payrolls in the Major Leagues um you know okay uh like so I mean well I mean um and with six of their starting position players, three okay I mean well uh like um well I mean uh like of their five starting pitchers, and their setup man and closer under the age of 30.
His skills is common to Cyrus Baguio, a slasher and a shooter.
T. F. Green is also visited daily by a Boeing you know like um you know you know so I mean like you know like 727 flown with FedEx, with fewer than 75 Boeing you know you know so like uh well okay I mean like okay 727's remaining in the fleet, FedEx is one of the few air carriers still flying this aircraft.
She was born on a plantation said to be the inspiration for uh I mean you know uh I mean I mean well okay okay I mean 'Uncle Tom's Cabin' worked as a farm hand, never learning to read or write.
The Duke was described as 'The most beautiful Prince in like um so um I mean you know you know uh uh well Europe' and as sensitive, passive and spoiled by his mother.
On April 23, 2013, the show introduced the new uh okay you know well you know so uh uh so so 'Mad Money' set which replaced a variation of the like like uh like like I mean well okay so so original set that had been used since the show's 2005 debut.
The tabla player Zakir Hussain invited him to share I mean so like you know like uh so I mean so okay the stage with himself and Trilok Gurtu at a fusion um okay like uh I mean okay um you know like you know concert in Mumbai. Logesh has since collaborated with several musicians including Louis Banks.
A widened mediastinum (usually found via a chest x-ray) is a classic um I mean so well I mean I mean so um well so hallmark sign of anthrax posioning and, at this point, the disease is typically fatal.
A revival opened on Broadway at the Gerald Schoenfeld Theatre uh you know uh uh so so like you know so so on March 6, 2012 in previews and officially on April 1, 2012, Haun, Harry.
Dr. U Hla Pe, Emeritus Professor of Burmese at the uh okay um so well like you know uh you know I mean University of London was born in 1913 in Kha - you know I mean okay I mean like like like well uh you know ye village in Moulmein (Mawlamyine), Burma, where he was brought up by four spinster aunts.
The UFW gave no structural power to farm workers, uh well like you know I mean uh you know uh okay uh as there were no locals elected as staff and okay uh um I mean like so okay well well I mean because the survival of the staff wasn't linked directly uh well okay I mean um you know okay I mean like um to membership since they made more money from outside sources than union dues.
While pursuing her search, Claire reaches Harris I mean okay okay okay well well I mean I mean so um and finds Joe at a cafe when her car breaks down, well um like like okay uh I mean I mean um uh however she is surprised when he doesnt recognize her and the people around call him Tommy (Thomas Warner).
Shortly after, Jessica reprimands Mike loudly in the hallway, revealing to like okay um okay like well uh well well uh the firm that Daniel had an affair paid for with embezzled money.
Michael soon understood he was no more able to face like so well you know like okay um you know well well these things and retired from the position leaving everything (business, family etc.) for his nephew Vincent Corleone.
They built a small chapel that was dedicated to you know like well okay uh like um I mean you know so the Virgen del Pilar, whose image had been given uh so I mean like so okay I mean um okay you know by Bishop Hall so that the fledgling town was named town okay uh so I mean uh um you know uh uh uh of Our Lady of the Pillar of Three Rivers, or simply people of Pilar.
Hall invented several other tools used for Braille okay you know uh I mean you know so I mean well so um communication, most notably a stereotyper used to make typeset plates for printing Braille books.
An estate agent being used as a term in you know so like you know I mean so okay so um well the United Kingdom means a person or organization whose okay I mean so well um so um so uh I mean business is to market real estate on behalf of um well okay uh you know you know okay uh so so clients, but there are significant differences between the actions and liabilities of brokers and estate agents in each country.
Since the map is already displayed, there is no actual okay you know uh well well well uh I mean well well exploration to be done; instead players are rewarded for being the first to reach different regions and return safely.
The measured accuracy of prediction in a centralized approach uh um like okay well so you know so so like is better than a decentralized method, but both of these methods have advantages and disadvantages.
The Kanem - Bornu Empire and the Sokoto Caliphate were major so uh like um like you know well uh I mean well historical Islamic states in northern Nigeria that were strong states with uh uh um uh so like you know um okay so strong kings who held an advanced legal and taxation I mean I mean like uh like I mean I mean well I mean um systems, with religion serving to legitimize the power of the king and to unite the people.
Greenfield - Central High School is part of the Hoosier okay okay like well okay like uh well uh well Heritage Conference and offers soccer, tennis, cross country, football, golf, you know well I mean um okay well I mean okay um um volleyball, basketball, cheerleading, swimming, wrestling, baseball, softball, and track and field.
Henry Louis 'Skip' Gates, Jr. , (born September 16, 1950) is okay well well like so you know so so so so the Alphonse Fletcher University Professor and Director of the uh like well I mean um uh you know okay well well Hutchins Center for African & African American Research at Harvard University.
It is the seat of the district of the so you know okay I mean okay well so uh I mean you know same name, and is located on the northwestern shore of Lake Geneva ( 'Lac Léman' ) between Nyon and Lausanne.
Adams was named the State MVP, and this was Decatur's first soccer state championship.
State Apprenticeship Advisers are responsible for implementation of the Act in like you know so uh you know I mean well so you know um respect of Trade Apprentices in State 411 HRD is responsible like well like I mean I mean uh well I mean okay I mean for implementation of the Act in respect of Graduate, Technician & Technician (Vocational) Apprentices.
Hajime Itoi (born June 22, 1971 in Gifu) is uh well um like so I mean okay okay I mean uh a retired male backstroke swimmer from Japan, who uh well uh well I mean uh um okay um I mean represented his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1992.
Admirals Nimitz and Halsey expressed their satisfaction with the um uh okay uh uh so well well okay well battle Kinkaid's force had put up against heavy odds, well like well well okay um well well uh you know and the destroyers in the 'Hornet' and 'Enterprise' screens were commended for a stellar effort.
At around 1: 30am on 21 May, he started uh well you know like like you know I mean uh so okay his spree by killing his own grandmother, who had so like like um okay so like uh okay well brought him up after his parents died when he was a baby.
After the sole emperor of all the Roman Empire um you know uh like I mean well so like uh like Constantine built the new imperial capital on the Bosphorous, i okay okay okay so I mean well you know you know like you know. E. Constantinople, the centre of gravity in the empire was fully recognised to have completely shifted to the eastern Mediterranean.
Philatelic International (Filintern) was an international philatelic society of collector - workers in the 1920s to 1940s.
In 2011, the Semi-Professional senior side folded after relegation so um I mean like uh so okay well I mean uh from the Northern Premier League, however the club countined, I mean okay I mean um you know I mean uh so well so fielding youth teams in the North West Youth Alliance, well uh like um um I mean you know like I mean uh and a women's team in the North West Women's Regional League.
Wrapping a protective copper jacket around the lead core of a okay okay okay okay like so so you know um I mean bullet was also a transformative event in firearm history: uh well I mean well okay like um I mean well uh from now on bullets could be fired at very high velocities without melting inside a rifle's barrel.
Famous users of this bass are Mikey Welsh of Weezer I mean well uh like I mean like uh well um you know and Krist Novoselic, bassist of Nirvana, in the 'Come as well you know so I mean okay uh okay so you know okay You Are' video, also, Jeese F. Keeler, from Death From Above 1979.
Albert H. Ketcham (August 3, 1870 -- December 6, 1935) well well like um well like I mean well well uh was an American orthodontist who was a student of Edward Angle at his Angle School of Orthodontia.
If this worked with all games released is uncertian, I mean well you know um like you know you know um like so the accessory was not released widely, and emulation of the technology is, at this time, unavailable.
Raamo D’ok, a 13 - year - old 'Kindar' boy uh okay uh um okay you know um like you know like in a seemingly idyllic society, learns that he like I mean uh well okay I mean so uh like so has been 'Chosen' to join the 'Ol - zhaan,' Green - sky's elite ruling class.
Youngest brother, Des, a Lurgan Dentist, was capped for um um so like so um I mean well so like Ulster at scrum - half and middle brother Ken, a okay uh you know okay well okay I mean you know I mean okay Belfast accountant, was a talented scratch golfer and great raconteur.
While most students work toward a Juris Doctor degree um um well uh uh well okay well you know uh (J. D.), Cooley also offers the Master of Laws (LL I mean so like okay so like uh uh you know okay. M.) degree as well as joint degrees in Master you know uh like like okay like uh so okay uh of Business Administration (J. D. / M. B. A.) and Master of Public Administration (J. D. / M. P. A.).
Ultimately no fewer than 10 designs and 12 so like I mean so um you know um so you know uh prototypes were offered, all designed around the Hispano - okay like you know you know um uh okay I mean okay well Suiza 12Xbrs developing at, with proven reliability and a relatively small frontal area.
Members are always attentive to the suffering and needs of others, seeking to serve the needs of many.
He travelled widely and amassed a large collection of Judaic okay well so um uh I mean so um well like artefacts, visiting Egypt and Palestine, as well as the Caucasus and Crimea.
It has many iStories, all of high quality, along like I mean you know well you know so you know well well so with talk about iStories, and talk about iPods, a so so well uh I mean um okay I mean so um nice, growing, active community, and many demos that are unreleased to the rest of the public!.
The main oscillator consists of twelve discrete tone generators with well okay um so um um uh um you know I mean octave divide - down to provide full polyphony, while like okay um I mean well like uh um you know you know the built - in chorus effect utilizes bucket okay like um like uh like okay well like okay - brigade devices controlled by two LFOs more characteristic of synthesizers to create the characteristic vibrato.
After being drafted by the NFL's Buffalo Bills in like so you know I mean uh um you know so you know um the fifth round (115th selection overall) of the 1975 like you know I mean um um I mean um well okay uh NFL draft, McCrumbly played 13 games for the Bills at linebacker that season, starting two games.
Returning to Washington on April 21 in response to a Senate I mean okay so you know I mean okay so like okay okay subpoena, Custer found he was the center of a vilification well like um okay uh um um okay you know I mean campaign in the press, accused of perjury and disparagement of brother officers.
Kilgarvan commands high house prices due to its central location like well I mean so um you know uh uh so you know and idyllic setting, prices in Kilgarvan have so like like like uh um uh well uh so also mirrored the national trend of rapid increases since 2002 as part of the Irish Property Bubble.
In his first year with Dorsey, Sinatra released over forty songs, um you know so you know okay like I mean okay um okay with 'I'll Never Smile Again' topping the charts for twelve weeks beginning in mid-July.
On November 2008, he agreed to join a team based in uh like like um okay uh like so well I mean Brunei DPMM Brunei for 2009 Malaysia League season, after finishing his duty with the national team.
On a special episode of 'Raw' dubbed 'Thursday so so you know um I mean okay okay um like you know Raw Thursday', Michaels vacated the WWF World Heavyweight Championship; he explained I mean you know so you know I mean like um so so like to fans that he was informed by doctors that he okay well well like okay so so I mean okay well had conjured a knee injury, and that he had to retire.
The Großes Wiesbachhorn (3, 564 m) is a mountain okay uh you know you know so you know so um um like in Salzburg, Austria and is the third - highest peak of the Hohe Tauern range.
Later he became strongly anti-Communist, and by the end of the 1930s called himself a Fascist.
With the backing of General Cornwallis, Ferguson could ride to uh okay um um like okay I mean I mean uh well meet Shelby with his entire force, so Shelby retreated over the Appalachian Mountains into North Carolina.
The anime debuted with 'Take Your Way' by Livetune you know I mean well okay um uh okay like so okay feat. Fukase as the opening theme for the first you know you know so well okay like so I mean I mean uh eight episodes and then from the eleventh, although it is like uh well um um um okay well um uh not played but credited in both the ninth and tenth episodes.
Season 3 is not a live - action show, well so uh um okay well like uh well okay but a six - part comic book series 'from okay I mean I mean um like um you know like you know so the minds' of the original Jericho production team and written by the Jericho writing team.
Barton in the Beans is a hamlet in the you know like well okay like uh you know um well I mean Hinckley and Bosworth district of Leicestershire, England and forms part of the Shackerstone civil parish.
Charles Quinton 'Charlie' Murphy (born July 12, 1959) is an well well so well well so so you know so I mean American actor, comedian and writer, famous for being a cast member well okay like well I mean like okay well okay I mean and writer on the Comedy Central sketch - comedy series 'Chappelle's Show'.
This was enough to secure him the suffrages of um you know um you know uh you know so I mean um uh the Paris electors ten days later, and the Mountain was well so um like uh uh um like um like strengthened by the accession of an ally whose one so so uh so you know you know like uh uh I mean idea was to use his new power to revenge himself on his former colleagues.
The word 'bar' is more common in British English, like um I mean uh I mean okay okay like I mean you know and the word 'measure' is more common in (an okay um I mean uh uh like okay like like like incomplete measure at the head of a piece of okay okay well well so okay like like like like music), 'bar 1' or 'm. 1' is the following measure.
Kent State, Northern Illinois and Boise State, who were ranked 17th, 20th and 21st, respectively.
Born on Corfu, the eldest of eight children, Somerville received her I mean uh I mean um so you know okay so like I mean primary education at home, later studying art in Paris in 1884 and at the Royal Westminster School of Art in London.
Henry became involved in local affairs within the community like well like so um like you know um well you know and stood as a liberal candidate this was to be the beginning of a 36 year history of public service.
The original French edition included multiple illustrations drawn by um like um you know uh okay I mean you know uh you know the author which are executed in a satirical style reflecting Robida's other occupation as a caricaturist.
California's 12th congressional district is a congressional district in um um okay well so well I mean you know I mean well the U. S. State of California that is located within the city of San Francisco.
The image rendering takes place in Prisma labs's servers so um you know you know uh I mean um um okay you know and it utilizes neutral network and artificial intelligence to add so well you know I mean I mean you know um so um well artistic effect and the result in delivered back to the user's phone.
This is a list of episodes of the 'Dragonaut - The uh um well I mean you know uh so well okay well Resonance -' anime series directed by Manabu Ono um so um okay um okay you know like you know so and produced by G. D. H. , Konami, and Nihon Ad Systems, with the animation produced by Gonzo.
On 23 October she departed, along with USS Hull well you know uh um um uh so uh uh like DD 945 and USS Dennis J. Buckley DD - well you know um you know you know um you know like like well 808 steaming through the Philippine Islands and the San Bernardino Straits, like I mean you know you know well okay well I mean okay okay then hitting open water and heading east, the weather began to turn rough.
When the voltage exceeds a certain value called the so okay well okay um so so okay okay I mean striking voltage, the gas in the tube okay um you know well like um like I mean like like ionizes, becoming a plasma, and begins conducting electricity, causing it to glow with a colored light.
It is hidden in Viper Manor -- the abode of like okay um I mean okay I mean so um I mean well a terrible and powerful aristocrat named Lynx, who gained control okay um okay okay you know uh you know I mean so I mean of the estate after usurping power from and well like you know so so like uh like so you know killing the Acacia Dragoons, a familial unit of warriors.
Current prime minister and former president Sali Berisha had so like I mean well uh you know um I mean I mean like advocated for a president elected by direct popular suffrage, well well okay well okay okay well you know well you know but due to lack of time, such changes could not take place before the 2007 elections.
Once again, Sayf al - Dawla managed to escape, okay so like okay um like uh uh like okay but hi power was broken: the emirs of Syria began okay I mean well I mean okay um uh you know I mean so to make terms with the Byzantines, and his authority was increasingly questioned even in his own capital.
Maski Show (, 'Masks Show' ) is an Ukrainian so so uh like uh so you know uh so you know comedy TV series that was first aired on so well well I mean so well uh well I mean okay October 5, 1991 at Russia 1 (as RTR at this time).
He was Governor of Hong Kong from November 1971 to I mean like so uh um like okay um so you know May 1982, making him Hong Kong's longest serving governor; um um you know like um I mean okay well I mean okay his ten and a half years in office slighty exceeding Sir Alexander Grantham's ten years and 5 months.
He died from a heart attack in Santa like I mean um well um okay well so you know you know Barbara, California on 6 June 1976, at the age of uh um so um okay okay well um well I mean 85 and was interred at the Calvary Cemetery, East Los Angeles, California, USA.
Information as to the Council's proceedings were kept quiet until published, however much rumor had to say.
He currently co-hosts the 1UP Yours podcast Until it's re-naming to well well um so uh okay um um like well 1upFM, Bettenhausen was also a regular on the now - defunct EGM Live.
Most of the first Marshalsea, as with the second, you know like like well well you know uh like like like was taken up by debtors; in 1773, debtors within okay well well so okay okay okay um so you know 12 miles of Westminster could be imprisoned there for a debt of 40 shillings.
Set in the 40th century, in the year 3977, at um um well um I mean um okay okay you know uh the planets Earth and Pluto, the background of the I mean okay okay um well um like okay um so story involves a war between the two planets, taking place in 3927.
She was born in Belchertown, Massachusetts and studied at the New Salem Academy.
The film was made in commemoration of the 20th anniversary you know I mean um like you know okay uh so okay um of Kazakhstan's independence from the Soviet Union, and cost over $ 7 million (USD).
They are securities printed by the finance ministry of the okay um so well well uh well you know um well relevant country and are often as detailed in their uh well well okay okay um okay um like uh design as banknotes - usually made from the same type of paper and containing holograms and other anti-counterfeit devices.
Dorchester was not established as a separate county until 1897, however, uh okay I mean okay okay um well okay um well when it was separately established from parts of the neighboring Colleton and Berkeley counties.
Festiva De Juan Pins' is a live album by Miles Davis like you know well so okay you know like um well like recorded in La Pinède, Juan - les - Pins you know uh you know okay okay um uh I mean I mean uh (France) ORTF radio broadcast and first released in Japan on August 29, 1993.
Vincent Cartier, Walter's brother and manager later reflected on his so uh I mean okay okay you know well I mean okay okay observations of Kubrick during the filming, ' Stanley I mean okay like well you know um well okay I mean well was very stoic, impassive but imaginative type person with strong, imaginative thoughts.
Later on, he got a camera and took photographs with friends um okay well so you know like um like I mean like performing fights inspired by Legend of Zelda and Teenage okay you know well so uh um well so like I mean Mutant Ninja Turtles and on occassions, Rolfe drew on the pictures for extra feel.
Edward 'Charles' Dillon Jr. (born on January 30, 1986 like I mean well like okay well uh like okay so in Ventura, California) played his college career at I mean like I mean um you know well you know okay so so Ventura College for his freshman and sophomore year, before transferring to Washington State University for junior and senior years.
At this time, he wrote his most serious poem, um like okay okay I mean well well so um I mean 'Az Apostol' ( 'The Apostle' ), an epic about okay well you know um um I mean you know well uh I mean a fictional revolutionary who, after much suffering, attempts, but fails, to assassinate a fictitious king.
He worked in various positions at NCBS such as like so um well so so okay um like okay those of a Reader (grade F) and an associate I mean okay like um I mean like you know like I mean like professor until 2014 when he joined Regional Centre for uh okay uh I mean well okay uh like okay well Biotechnology as an associate professor, a post he holds to date.
Nikolas Tomas 'Nik' Stauskas (born October 7, 1993) is a uh so okay well I mean so uh um so well Canadian professional basketball player for the Philadelphia 76ers of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
The Corringham Light Railway (CLR) in Essex, England was incorporated on like I mean you know well so so well I mean uh you know 10 July 1899 and opened to freight on 1 January 1901, to passengers on 22 June 1901.
The current configuration (as shown in the photo at so uh you know uh okay so I mean like I mean so right) was adopted in 1965 when the down Wairarapa track like you know uh you know well uh like like you know like was moved from the west to the east of the so so well you know um so you know okay okay um NIMT tracks with additional harbour reclamation during the construction of the Wellington Urban Motorway.
There are a number of issues over which the United States and Europe generally like uh so uh um I mean like um you know well disagree, of course, there are many other issues upon which they do agree.
South Wood County Airport, also known as Alexander Field, is I mean so uh uh uh I mean well well uh you know a public use airport located one nautical so uh um I mean well so okay um okay so mile (1. 85 km) south of the central well well you know well okay like uh I mean like okay business district of Wisconsin Rapids, a city in Wood County, Wisconsin, United States.
It maintains affiliate offices in Hong Kong and Honduras and like well like you know so so well okay you know uh maintains more than four million square feet of inventory nationwide and um well like you know you know so like so well well ships to 90 % of the U. S. Population via overnight delivery services.
Over the years the centre addressed youth employment needs -- like well I mean so like um okay uh okay so founding a small farm -- and initiated a um like I mean so um well well uh you know so youth addiction and mental illness program (1989), buttressed in 1995 with a $ 890, 000 grant.
In May 2013 KiwiRail announced the project was six well uh okay uh um okay so uh um well months behind schedule, with the overhead electrification now being completed in um well you know well well you know um I mean like um April 2014, and the first electric train arriving in September 2013.
She also became increasingly critical of the Liberal okay okay well so like you know I mean so well uh governments of Jean Chrétien and Paul Martin, and on June 8, okay um like um I mean you know uh I mean I mean I mean 2004, she announced that she was crossing the floor to join the Conservative Party of Canada.
Lorentz considered local time to be only an auxiliary mathematical tool, you know I mean so I mean okay okay uh well well like a trick as it were, to simplify the transformation um uh okay well so okay you know like so so from one system into another -- it was Poincaré you know um well okay I mean I mean um uh you know okay in 1900 who recognized that 'local time' is actually indicated by moving clocks.
This tunnel is on the Cornish Main Line, it is 88 um well well you know um I mean like so um so yards long, and is situated just above the River Fowey.
He was director of the Forschungsinstitut für Mathematik at well um well well you know I mean well so um uh ETH Zürich in 1984 - 1995, where he succeeded Beno so uh so okay uh uh you know okay so well Eckmann and lead a rebuilding of the ETH Zürich mathematics faculty.
People use the branches of this tree for making well I mean I mean uh uh well um um well like walls and paste with mud for their thatched huts I mean uh I mean well you know um so I mean uh um in villages, but now this practice has become obsolete owing to modern housing materials.
Irving is known for his ball - handling skills and has achieved a number of accolades.
Lévi - Strauss completed the final volume of 'Mythologiques' okay so I mean well okay well I mean so okay like in 1971 and in 1973 he was elected to the Académie Française, France's highest honour for an intellectual.
Alken died in April 1851 and was buried in Highgate you know like uh well uh well um okay so okay cemetery Though fairly affluent during most of his career, he you know well you know okay so like so uh so um fell on hard times towards the end of his life and was buried at his daughter's expense.
Jodey Cook Arrington (born March 9, 1972) is an you know okay so okay well like like um so you know incoming Republican member of the United States House of Representatives for Texas' 19th congressional district.
He was created by Stan Lee, Jack Kirby and Don like well like um I mean um um um okay so Heck and is a powerful mystic, born over five well like so um like well well so uh so hundred years ago in the mystic city of I mean um well you know you know um like so like like Kamar - Taj, a village in the Himalayan Mountains in the land now known as Tibet.
Judy Aileen Dyble (born 13 February 1949 in London) you know I mean um uh you know um so like I mean I mean is a British singer / songwriter whose first band Judy okay well well I mean like okay uh I mean um uh and The Folkmen (1964 - 1966) then saw her taking you know okay okay so I mean I mean like okay okay so the limelight as the original vocalist with Fairport Convention from 1967 to 1968.
They are then known as probationary explorers, also known as an E- 1.
Camilla Lindberg, born 1973, is a Swedish politician and okay I mean like uh you know I mean like like like well a member of the Swedish parliament as a member you know so like uh okay like like so so like of the Liberal People's Party from the district of Dalarna County since 2006.
He was drafted again in the 2012 rookie draft like uh you know like like I mean like okay um well by the Fremantle Football Club with their third selection and like I mean you know um um uh you know uh I mean so forty - fourth overall, he spent three seasons with okay well like so well like so so like um Fremantle without playing an AFL match and was delisted at the end of the 2014 season.
After the 2006 -- 07 season, Smiljanić was called up uh well I mean so uh so I mean I mean like uh by Serbia's U- 21 coach Miroslav Đukić to be part like so well you know uh uh I mean like so um of his squad for the 2007 European Championships; he helped the national side finish runner - up to hosts Holland.
The monsoon, although short, is generally powerful and uh well okay so I mean uh uh so um so as a result the southern slopes of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa are the wettest part of Pakistan.
It is said that Catherine lost her head in like so well uh um okay so um I mean uh the accident, that her significant other was never found, uh like you know so um um okay you know um okay and that Catherine wanders Catherine's Hill and the Blackwoods area searching for her head and her missing love.
The group will focus on the Japanese market, and will release their debut single on June 26, 2013.
He gave up corporate life to pursue his talents in uh so so like okay uh uh I mean okay I mean the entertainment industry, performing with Marlene Sai at the Royal uh um uh so I mean like I mean you know so like Hawaiian Hotel for three years and later forming a group of his own.
Nicknamed 'El Pato' (The Duck) and / or okay um uh I mean I mean um uh you know so like 'Kwinto' he plays in central midfield for Lech Poznań.
Later that year, revival events occurred, and news quickly you know um I mean like so so I mean like okay uh swept across Canada and the United States, influencing many Pentecostal believers.
The band was founded in 2009 East Europe, Ukraine, Kiev. The you know well okay um you know like so uh like um members are Anthony Yuryev (lead vocals, rhitm guitar, keyboards), like you know uh uh okay well I mean like so um Dmitro Melnik (drums, percussion), Kirill Vakhramov (lead guitar, keyboards) and Anton Legkiy (bass).
Along with producing their own releases, Ostrander produced for such I mean um I mean like uh you know well you know so like bands as Voxhaul Broadcast and worked on projects with such uh uh you know uh so you know uh okay well so producers as Brendan O'Brien, Owen Morris, Brad Wood, Thom Panunzio, Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis.
SLIM is the only accredited American Library Association program in okay okay so well well uh okay you know I mean I mean Kansas, and the School Library Media Licensure program is also accredited like uh like well okay I mean you know well uh so by the National Council for Accreditation of Teacher Education (NCATE).
The Phillips Covered Bridge is southeast of Montezuma, Indiana in I mean like well um okay so uh like you know well Parke County, Indiana and is a single span Burr okay like well like you know okay um like um so Arch Truss covered bridge structure that was built by Joseph A. Britton in 1909.
Each role required three masks, these had to look I mean so okay well well okay um well uh well similar and yet different - they also had to be acoustic as the actors would sing through them.
On 27 July 2012, Pinto gained Cypriot nationality and became eligible to play for the national team.
The original plans called for I - 95 to run so um uh you know you know like well so I mean uh through downtown Boston; however, due to pressure from local residents, all so uh well you know okay well okay you know I mean so proposed Interstate Highways within Route 128 were cancelled in 1972 you know you know um uh um so okay you know like um by Governor Francis Sargent with the exception of Interstate 93 to Boston.
She served six terms on the county board well okay so um you know um you know uh um so from 1974 to 1997, becoming Vice-Chair in 1975 and Chair in 1976.
The newly redesigned studios are separated by a removable glass uh okay you know I mean uh I mean like so okay okay wall -- one set for 'The Situation Room' and the second set for other Washington based programming.
There were plans in the late 1980s to set up you know so uh like okay like uh okay I mean like a private medical school in London with Sa'udi Arabian funding: well okay um okay uh okay like well um uh these came to naught, except that name of the so I mean like so so so I mean like like um 'Hunter School of Medicine' appeared on the London street map at this site.
In 1827 the Cliff Bridge opened improving access and was a foretaste of ambitious plans ahead.
British beverage group Diageo PLC is the ultimate parent you know um okay well okay um um I mean like so company with a 58 percent holding in D&G through Udiam Holdings AB of Sweden.
The Gulf & Mississippi railroad began service on July uh uh like well you know okay I mean um okay well 10, 1985, however on April 14, 1988 it was sold to MidSouth subsidiary SouthRail.
Produced by Warner Bros. Pictures, the film premiered in okay um okay I mean well like well you know I mean like New York City on December 13, 2016 and had you know so you know so so okay well okay okay I mean a limited release on December 25, 2016, and um I mean so I mean okay I mean so like um well had a wide release on January 13, 2017.
Attlee was narrowly defeated by Churchill in the 1951 okay well well so well you know so okay like you know general election; he retired as Labour leader after losing uh uh so uh you know I mean like like um okay the 1955 General Election and was elevated to the House of Lords.
The show is the second spin - off from' uh um okay okay I mean well like okay I mean well and follows a New York City forensics team headed by Det.
Born at Pratapgarh (U. P) on 12. 12. 1939 and educated like um well I mean um so like um okay so at Eving Christian College, Allahabad, Charuchandra College, Kolkata University, Annamalai so okay so well I mean so well like I mean like University, Chennai with MA in Public Administration has started writing at the age of 12 years.
According to 'The Minish Cap', they were created to guard the I mean I mean I mean like well um um like you know well Wind Tribe, and there is a Minish - sized chamber inside them where they can be turned on or off.
The Purples profited from the Detroit laundry industry unions and so so like okay uh um um so like um associations; they were hired out to keep union members in line and to harass non-union independents.
Important villages near Kot Kapura are Kothe The well okay you know uh okay so so uh like okay Wale, Sandhwan, Dhilwan Kalan, Panjgraian Kalan, Ghanaian wala, Hari Nau, um I mean so um okay I mean well I mean I mean uh Madhak, Khara, Matta, Romana Albel Singh. CNS Swimming Pool and Green Star Dhaba at Moga road.
It is located on the eastern edge of the Ruhr so um I mean so um I mean you know like well I mean area, 15 km south of Dortmund, where the rivers Lenne, Volme and Ennepe meet the river Ruhr.
Thomas Orde - Powlett, 1st Baron Bolton PC (30 August like like like so um uh I mean well like I mean 1740 -- 30 July 1807) was born Thomas Orde, son of John Orde of Morpeth, Northumberland.
Jamukha was one of Temujin's best friends growing up, but their okay like so like like so so I mean you know so friendship was tested later in life, when Temujin was fighting to become a khan.
At the end of that season, Williams became a restricted um you know you know well I mean you know so uh well you know free agent and signed a five - year deal worth $ 25 million with Philadelphia.
On 3 August the rest of the regiment moved so okay you know well so you know I mean like okay you know to Dueidar, at the same time a Turkish force occupied Mount Royston at Romani.
The following is a list of famous past students of Caulfield um uh uh like you know okay okay well like uh Grammar School and / or Malvern Memorial Grammar like you know well uh okay I mean okay okay uh like School (amalgamated with Caulfield in 1961); alumni of the school are known as 'Caulfield Grammarians'.
Howard Hall Elementary School - part of the Cumberland County School well I mean I mean okay uh okay well okay um okay System was named after Howard L. Hall (? ? -1996 ).
Vanity sizing may result in the removal of a garment of uh uh okay uh you know okay you know you know I mean um smallest measurements, if, for example, all garments were taken down uh uh okay you know uh I mean well okay so like a size, the smallest garment's previous measurements would no longer exist in that line of clothing.
Gavin confessed to the murder of George Pollard and I mean okay um like you know well um um uh well was held in the Round House until he was hung uh okay okay like uh like I mean you know um so on the 6th April 1844, his body was buried south of the Round House.
The trophy used to travel to the winning school each year; it is now permanently displayed at McClintock High School.
She previously served as Prime Minister from 1996 to 2001, uh so um um okay well okay well okay you know and she has led the Bangladesh Awami League since 1981.
The Toronto School of Theology (TST) is recognized as like like you know uh well you know so um like well one of Canada's leading institutions for graduate theological education and so okay so uh like you know I mean uh okay you know the leading ecumenical centre for theological education in Canada uh like okay uh well I mean you know so you know uh and the largest of its kind in the English - speaking world.
Titled 'If I Never Stop Lovin' You', Kersh's second well um like I mean I mean um well you know so uh album featured the song 'I Breathe In, I um uh so okay I mean okay I mean so okay so Breathe Out', which although never a single for Kersh so so uh you know well like I mean um um well himself, later became a No. 1 single for Chris Cagle in early 2002.
The school maintains a rigorous academic program which prepares students for so like well okay like I mean so um uh well the diverse opportunities in theiors classes, electives to suit a well so uh uh I mean so well um uh like wide range of interests, and classes to help students succeed on the NJ High School Proficiency Assessment (HSPA).
Yu Jong - hui (born) is a North Korean football you know okay you know you know uh you know I mean well I mean um defender who played for the North Korea women's national football team at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Breed is a squad - based first - person shooter, similar to um so so okay you know I mean well like like like many other sci - fi shooters, and could I mean um uh so uh so uh uh so uh be compared to Halo but is closer to the Rainbow Six game series, or.
The code was published by AIM International in 1997 uh uh so okay um like okay you know you know I mean and although the code is patented, it has been released to the public domain.
On June 17, 2008, Rivers won his first NBA Championship so like like well uh um you know uh like well as a head coach, although the Celtics you know um I mean uh well I mean um so you know you know needed an NBA record 26 post-season games to win it.
Michael plays in a jazz band, and has put a mix tape together however he is constantly losing them.
Kitchen was a father to one son and three daughters.
A fee simple determinable is an estate that will end I mean uh like I mean uh okay you know okay like well automatically if the condition of the grantor occurs and like okay well okay well um um uh so um the interest will revert to the grantor or the heirs of the grantor.
Romine was designated for assignment on April 4, 2015 and on like uh okay you know like uh you know um so I mean April 8, 2015, he was outrighted from the 40 I mean okay like like um so okay uh um so - man roster and assigned to Scranton / Wilkes Barre.
Maria of Spain (Madrid, June 21, 1528 - Villa well uh you know okay I mean okay uh um like so Monte, February 26, 1603) was the oldest daughter of uh so um so I mean I mean um I mean uh uh Charles V, and the wife of Maximilian II, emperor of the Holy Roman Empire.
National Steak Week is an annual promotion by Beefeater, aiming well um okay I mean so uh well you know well okay to raise awareness of the steaks available in the UK so okay well uh I mean I mean okay I mean okay like and improve the levels of understanding of how to cook the perfect steak.
Panna was a Gond settlement until the 13th or 17th well um um um so like I mean um I mean well century (cite reference), when the Gondi were defeated by the Chandelas they migrated to other parts of Madhya Pradesh.
Pann's youngest son was killed in the Israeli War well so um I mean um so um you know I mean so of Independence, after that loss he turned to painting scenes of the Holocaust.
Chinese edible frog and pig frogs are farmed okay um okay well um okay so okay like uh and consumed on a large scale in some areas so well uh you know okay um so um so you know of China, frog legs cuisine can be found in Chinese Sichuan and Cantonese cuisine.
Charlotte Mint gold coins range from scarce to extremely rare and you know like um like I mean you know you know so uh so are some of the most desired items in numismatics today, making the museum's collection highly valuable.
The opera, to a libretto by Barrie Stavis, was so I mean um um um uh uh so uh um premiered at the German State Opera, Berlin on 29 September 1970, and in 1979 was broadcast by the BBC.
The lower flowing Rivière des Prairies has many rapids uh I mean okay okay I mean you know so well um um some of with are the Rapides de Cap - you know like like so so uh um well um okay Saint - Jacques on the north western tip of the island of Montreal and the Rapides du Cheval Blanc.
At round 7 Skaife debuted the 4WD, twin - turbocharged Nissan well you know uh you know okay uh I mean so I mean well Skyline GT - R at the Mallala Raceway, uh well so well well like um you know like like with Richards moving into it for the last two rounds to win the series at Barbagallo and Oran Park.
An organism has limited longevity because it has limited structural I mean I mean like you know well so like well um so complexity; and limited structural complexity and limited longevity are essential for the survival of a species.
Up to four were lost, one due to hostile fire: so um I mean you know well I mean you know I mean you know so on 4 October 1999, a Su - 24 was uh so so like like uh like okay you know uh shot down by a SAM while searching for the crash site of a downed Su - 25.
Seal of the National Historical Commission of the Philippines.
After the flashback has ended, Billy returns home, buries the like you know uh so so like you know so I mean like kestrel and goes to bed. Sonniel is king and reigns supreme.
However, it was quite possible for a warrant officer, such as so well you know I mean like I mean okay well so like the armourer, to be court - martialed for striking a midshipman as his superior officer.
The latter film featured her in a 'completely de-glamorous' role, because well okay uh well um you know okay uh uh um her naturally fair complexion posed a problem to you know you know you know um you know well you know so okay you know her as she played a small town South Indian girl from the 80s.
Valerie Griffeth is an American womens' rugby player notable okay okay well um um so you know so uh like for playing in the international 7s league and uh okay okay okay um so okay you know well well playing for the American Eagles team in competitions against Italy and France.
Mehri or Mahri is a Modern South Arabian language, a I mean I mean okay um like so you know I mean um like branch of the greater Semitic language family, and is uh okay okay like well like well okay so like spoken by minority populations in isolated areas of the eastern part of Yemen and western Oman.
The Celebration Bowl is the only HBCU bowl game in the well uh I mean so uh I mean well so well uh nation which features a match - up between the champions I mean I mean uh uh um uh uh so well okay of the Mideastern Athletic Conference and the Southwestern Athletic Conference.
It is this jewel that lights up the darkness, hence the name of the newspaper.
Leaving the minister in 1974 he was elected for the first well you know I mean I mean uh well so well like so time in 1976 and served as the Minister of Health in 1990 and 2000.
She was among the DOT fleet assigned to the okay you know well okay I mean well uh I mean I mean okay nascent Canadian Coast Guard (CCG) when that organization was um well you know uh well uh like um well so formed in 1962 and 'Labrador' s illustrious career marked the beginning of the CCG's icebreaker operations which continue to this day.
In 2010, Alwaleed's stake in News Corp. Was about you know okay okay okay um uh okay well okay I mean 7 % worth $ 3Bn; and News Corp. Had a you know okay you know uh okay okay so so you know like $ 175 million (19 %) investment in Al Waleed's Rotana Group, the Arab world's largest entertainment company.
Scilly forms part of the ceremonial county of Cornwall, and some services okay uh uh um like okay like so well I mean are combined with those of Cornwall, however since 1890 the islands have had a separate local authority.
This condition is termed post orgasmic illness syndrome or POIS, and I mean um I mean you know I mean you know you know well well well it was discovered that this stemmed from an so like I mean uh you know I mean you know so well uh allergy to their own semen, its effects could be cured using hyposensitization therapy or allergen immunotherapy.
In 1179, Waldo and one of his disciples went well I mean you know okay okay you know okay you know okay uh to Rome where they were welcomed by Pope Alexander III, and the Roman Curia.
Blood Angels tap into the emotions caused by the like well so uh okay so like okay like so death of Sanguinius to give them unmatched ferocity in battle, this I mean well uh um so okay I mean you know like you know lust however can sometimes prove too much and the second flaw, the Red Thirst can set in.
No. 11, season 1 (middle name) is a fictional character you know so like so well like I mean um so okay from the NBC sitcom 'Friends', portrayed by Jennifer Aniston, okay you know I mean so okay like okay okay okay um who received an Emmy Award, a Screen Actors Guild Award, and a Golden Globe for her portrayal.
The median income for a household in the city is $ so like uh okay you know um um I mean like so 37, 500, and the median income for a family is $ 54, 659.
His style, at first Impressionist, changed in time to marry the okay well um well uh well okay you know like uh technician and the art of the Macchiaioli, also devoting so okay you know I mean okay like I mean okay so you know to the sculpture and desultorily working as architect in the zone of Rome and Anzio Colonia.
Norris's friend, Mary Taylor (Patti Clare), arrives on the I mean uh well well well I mean um I mean uh um Street; Mary was introduced for this specific storyline as she shares Norris's obsession with entering competitions.
There are two notable types of virtual groups, one um I mean so you know I mean well uh I mean um like being an internet band comprising of 2 + people, the members meeting over the internet.
The Beau Brummels was a successful 1960s American rock band, formed in San Francisco in 1963.
Today high quality gut strings are produced mostly in you know you know okay you know like like well you know like um Italy, Germany, and the United States, though they are um you know um so okay uh okay you know uh um also made elsewhere, for example in India and Morocco, for local use.
She coaches the women's varsity team of Enderun Colleges and okay like um okay like well okay um well so is the Athletic director of Immaculate Conception Academy High School in Greenhills.
In 2014, Rough Copy signed a record deal with okay so well well you know um well I mean uh so Epic Records and will release their debut single 'Street Love' in June 2014.
He attended Yeshivat Kol Torah and Knesses Chizkiyahu, and fulfilled his army service as a soldier - teacher.
Following Pound's death Rudge aged 78 began the final phase well okay I mean I mean you know I mean uh um I mean you know of her life, she became one of Venice's resident celebrities, quick witted, intelligent um well um I mean um uh you know so you know like and cultured, she sat on many committees organizing the city's many charities and galas.
However, these plans were cut back for financial reasons I mean like well you know you know like okay um like you know before construction began, and the line was planned instead to terminate at uh I mean uh so like like well so well okay the Hauptbahnhof, with the route to Jungfernheide to be built at an unspecified later date.
However, Naghma and Mangal have since divorced, citing Mangal's you know you know um like you know uh I mean well you know like continual alcohol abuse, and the couple has been sensitive about elaborating further on the issue.
Also known as the 'Atomic Bomb', Aguilar arrived in okay I mean so you know uh so okay well well I mean Mexico in 1945 with the Cuban dancer Julio Richard.
The three parishes of Na Rosa, Gaoth Dobhair and Cloch okay uh so well you know well so I mean like well Cheannfhaola constitute the main centre of population of the Donegal uh well uh so like well like uh uh uh Gaeltacht and with a population of just over 16 000, like I mean uh um well okay um like well so is considered to be the most rurally populated area in Europe.
Amadeus was formed in 1987 by an alliance like um I mean um so I mean you know I mean like so between Air France, Lufthansa, Iberia Airlines, and Scandinavian Airlines okay you know uh you know okay I mean like well like uh System. And holds today the position of leader in terms of number of bookings worldwide.
Social Democracy is a political ideology emerging in the late so you know like I mean so um well you know I mean well 19th and early 20th centuries from supporters of Marxism so so well uh I mean uh okay like like you know who believed that the transition to a socialist society uh so uh like so I mean okay I mean well uh could be achieved through democratic evolutionary rather than revolutionary means.
The magazine is affiliated with the North Korean Committee uh you know I mean you know okay so so um okay you know for the Promotion of International Trade and published quarterly by the Foreign Trade Publishing House of North Korea.
Alam Khattak was born in Nowshera village of um uh okay okay uh okay okay uh okay like Dag Ismail Khel and was commissioned in the Pakistan Army's well like like you know okay well um so um I mean famed Frontier Force Regiment in April 1975 in the 51st PMA Long Course.
Route 19 Truck in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and the like like um I mean I mean so uh so um like PA Route 108/PA Route 168 concurrency in New Castle, well so like I mean um you know um well uh like Pennsylvania, the highway is meant to connect directly well you know uh like um you know uh well I mean I mean the communities in the north and northwest portions of the Pittsburgh area to the city itself.
When poor health caused the Congress' first president, Samuel Huntington, to uh well so well okay okay like um so um resign in July 1781, McKean was elected its second so uh like um um you know I mean you know so um president, serving from July 10, 1781, until November 4, 1781.
The Lunt - Fontanne Theatre is a Broadway theatre, located at 205 West 46th Street.
The station features a single island platform located like like okay well uh I mean I mean well like um in a cutting, served by the 'Local' pair of tracks um okay uh uh I mean well well well you know so with trains to the city leaving from the north side and trains from the city arriving on the south side.
Varaždin is also the host of the 'Radar festival', in wich I mean you know so um I mean so um well okay you know he hosted concerts starting Bob Dylan, Carlos Santana, The Animals, Eric Burdon & many more.
Since the summer of 2014 he has been running an independent like so like so okay so okay okay well like brand called 'Boom Done Shop' that sells ethical t - like uh okay I mean you know well you know so well okay shirts and sweatshirts and is based in east London on the edge of Epping Forest.
Since 1996, they have been wholly within the London Borough so um I mean I mean so I mean you know so um I mean of Wandsworth, which has administered the commons since 1971 when a okay like um like you know I mean um uh so uh substantial part of Tooting Bec Common was within the adjacent London Borough of Lambeth.
Vaania Kapoor Achuthan is an Indian swimmer, who at the okay I mean like like like um um okay like like age of 9 years was selected to represent the Karnataka state swimming team.
In 1939, he reportedly played a tiny bit part okay you know uh well I mean you know I mean I mean okay okay in his first film, 'Stagecoach', a film whose director, John Ford, would loom large in Simpson's career.
Tyler Austin Biggs (born April 30, 1993) is an American okay so you know well I mean like like like okay um professional ice hockey player currently playing for the Wilkes - uh I mean okay like I mean uh you know okay like you know Barre / Scranton Penguins of the American Hockey League (AHL).
During this time, the station adopted the slogan 'TV55 so well okay okay like you know I mean I mean uh like Has The Shows You Know' and also adopted a logo much similar to KNWS - TV's current logo.
These took their toll on the bridge and during inspection in well like okay like you know you know uh um I mean I mean 1909 showed fractured ribs and missing bolts, after a relatively short life a new bridge was needed.
François - Xavier Bagnoud Observatory ( 'Observatoire François - Xavier so you know okay uh um okay um I mean like okay Bagnoud' ) is an astronomical observatory paid for by Association François - Xavier Bagnoud.
Upon its release, 'Passengers' had received mixed reviews from film critics you know I mean uh like so you know okay you know like um but some highly praised Pratt and Lawrence's performances, the effects and uh so like you know um I mean like so you know I mean musical score by Thomas Newman and so far it um um I mean like like you know uh you know I mean well has grossed $ 126. 2 million against production budget of $ 110 million.
She is a graduate of University of Lagos where she received uh like like well so well okay like okay so a bachelor's degree in Biochemistry; thereafter she got I mean um like um you know I mean like well like like a post-graduate diploma in print journalism from Nigerian Institute of Journalism.
He was the CFO of PayPal and sat on the board of directors of YouTube before its acquisition by Google.
Theodor Dumitru Stolojan (born October 24, 1943) was the uh so well well I mean like so so you know well prime - minister of Romania from September 1991 to November 1992.
William Rathbone IV (10 June 1757 - 11 February 1809), I mean well so well um you know like you know like well son of William Rathbone III and Rachel Rutter was okay okay okay well you know okay like well I mean um a Liverpool ship - owner and merchant, involved in the organisation of American trade with Liverpool.
There are conflicting accounts of where Wilde was last like uh okay you know okay like I mean you know um like seen and what he was doing, one survivor said Wilde okay so um I mean well I mean um I mean okay so was trying to free the collapsible lifeboats A and B from the roof of the Officers' Quarters.
For the final week, audience were able to vote during um okay like uh um you know okay I mean uh I mean the whole week and the winner was decided only by okay uh um so you know I mean okay I mean um well the public vote, judges' scores did not count for the final result.
After May 1959, the Air Force Reserve (AFRES) okay I mean uh I mean like you know like okay you know so flying force consisted of 45 troop carrier squadrons assigned okay you know uh you know I mean uh okay uh you know you know to 15 troop carrier wings, plus an additional four rescue squadrons not assigned to the wings.
Martine Batchelor (1953 - present) was born in France and is married to Stephen Batchelor.
Ziryab also introduced bleached white clothing, he encouraged the development uh well okay so like you know okay like okay um of the textile industry and created a new type of you know you know um um well uh well I mean so well deodorant Royalty used to wash their hair with rose I mean well well uh well um so uh so uh water, but Ziryab introduced the use of salt to improve the hair's condition.
In 2009 The school U14 Football team were okay you know okay like you know so well um like well runners up in the National Cup, losing 2 - 1 like well um I mean well well you know I mean I mean like to Audenshaw School, the match was staged at Manchester United's so well okay I mean um so you know so I mean um Old Trafford Stadium in front of over 600 Forest School supporters.
Everett was born in Charleville, Queensland and later moved to Brisbane as a teen and joined a singing group.
Their music is angular and reductive, groovy okay so you know like um okay so uh I mean um and melodic, and has been termed the beautiful paradox of 'robotic soul'.
At the age of 19, Adichie left Nigeria for the United I mean um well so I mean you know I mean okay um so States to study communications and political science at Drexel you know like um like so well well you know like so University in Philadelphia; she transferred to Eastern Connecticut well I mean okay uh well well well so I mean uh State University to be near her sister, who had a medical practice in Coventry.
In Israel, fathers' rights activists staged protests against what so um like so I mean okay you know you know uh like they viewed as discriminatory divorce laws and family court policies, well I mean um like well like uh I mean uh so and an appeal to the United Nations resulted in well um uh I mean well I mean well well um well a UN condemnation of Israel for discrimination against divorced fathers.
While Harrington's collaborators consider the possibility of supernatural forces, Holden uh so uh well I mean well um so okay I mean rejects the idea as superstition. Harrington's funeral, Holden meets I mean uh you know okay like so I mean well okay so the dead man's niece, Joanna, who provides him with Harrington's diary.
After filming 'Battleship' Berg sought funding for 'Lone Survivor'; well okay so I mean I mean um okay you know okay I mean he turned to Emmett / Furla Films, who co-financed the uh um I mean like like okay like so I mean like film with film financiers Herrick Entertainment and Envision Entertainment.
They performed in sixth position on the night and finished you know um okay you know like okay like well okay so 8th out of the 25 competing countries, giving Ireland uh uh you know okay uh so okay okay like um its best result in eleven years they recieved 12 points from United Kingom, Denmark & Sweden.
The series, which depicted 'ordinary' Mexican women (including her well um you know well um I mean um you know uh um grandmother and López herself) with Guadalupan attributes (usually the um so you know like um I mean okay uh I mean like mandorla), attracted praise for 'sanctifying' average Mexican women, like you know um like so well like uh you know well who were depicted performing domestic and other labor.
The facility hosted the 2008 season's first game (in you know like I mean you know so so I mean like you know uh North America), when the Nationals hosted the Atlanta Braves on okay I mean you know like so okay so uh like like March 30, 2008 and the first game played there was a collegiate baseball game.
Prior to this decision there was much debate on okay I mean well well well well I mean you know I mean so the application of the Bill of Rights to an infringing you know okay I mean uh okay I mean uh so uh I mean statute, the general opinion was that the Bill of I mean um well uh uh okay like um you know you know Rights could only be used as a interpretive tool when analysing a statute.
While Arjuna was unaware that Karna was his so I mean uh okay you know um so I mean so so brother, the latter was apprised of the same okay so well like I mean okay well like okay well by their common mother Kunti and hence even though like you know well so like uh uh I mean okay so he was privy to the bond of brotherhood, Karna still wholeheartedly elected to indulge in fratricide.
Rev. William Henry Mudie (1830 -- 10 July 1903) kept like like well you know I mean okay okay uh um you know a private school at Glen Osmond Institute from 1861, where he was assisted by Thomas Caterer for a time.
The ranged attacks are equally predictable, you throw boomberangs, frizbees, and shoot golfballs.
Currently A3 has 1x1 lanes in full length, though there aren't any plans to widen it in near future.
It offers undergraduate courses in arts and sciences and is affiliated to the Vidyasagar University.
Hides are used in the production of coatin, a process uh I mean you know okay so uh so I mean I mean um that includes skinning, drying, and greasing them with a mixture of sour milk and flour.
He was no stranger to the team, as he knew uh okay I mean you know okay okay um uh like okay Mitch (David Hasselhoff) since he was 18 years old as so you know um you know well well okay like you know you know a Rookie and knew Cody (David Chokachi) and Newman (Michael Newman) from various Lifeguard competitions.
Bakan is the daughter of psychologist and academic David you know you know okay you know I mean like you know so so okay Bakan and the cousin of law professor Joel Bakan and ethnomusicologist Michael Bakan.
Stephen Mark Agnew (born 9 November 1965) is an I mean um like like like like I mean um okay you know English former professional footballer who was most recently the I mean like uh you know uh uh uh like so okay caretaker manager at Middlesbrough, who were relegated to the Championship during his tenure.
Forced to abandon his fighter, Marseille struck its vertical so well you know like I mean well you know so I mean so stabiliser and was either killed instantly or incapacitated and unable to open his parachute.
In June of that same year, Pitchfork. Tv released a 45 okay like uh I mean so okay well uh I mean um - minute documentary on 'The Lonesome Crowded West, which' included like um you know well well well well okay you know so archival footage taken during live performances and original recording / mix sessions.
Phillips wanted to be an actress, however, her so you know well okay so I mean I mean like so like teachers told her she was too plain to have any real success.
Despite the film's failure to enjoy immediate success, uh so well I mean um like well so uh you know Wiseau paid to keep the billboard up for over four years, I mean like well so well uh uh um okay so with its bizarre imagery and longevity leading to it becoming a minor tourist attraction.
The house was built for skipper Thomas Andersen um um like you know so uh I mean uh I mean like between 1691 and 1714 and was then a two - storey building.
In Manchi there is a primary school established in 1950 you know you know like well um you know okay so I mean um and another highschool. Roads connect B. C Road, Vitla, Manglore and kalladka.
Leslie Harrington is the richest man in town and all like so you know um okay I mean well so well okay of the things he accomplished were shattered into pieces um okay well like um I mean you know so okay I mean when he lost his only son Rodney in a car accident.
He currently writes a column for Creators Syndicate, is editor well like so so um okay like um um well - in - chief at The Daily Wire, an you know well uh okay um so you know so so um editor - at - large for Breitbart News, and co-founder of the media watchdog group TruthRevolt.
Born Raphael Evans Phiri on 24th December 1989, okay um um you know like well like so I mean uh he is a founding member of MtW (Ministering the Word - uh well you know uh um um okay like I mean you know Zambia) and also a final year student at the um you know like so okay you know you know um um um University of Zambia studying Library and Information Science with Public Administration.
In the past ten years Olson has concentrated most well I mean well um um um I mean okay so um of her energies on music production, but she is also um um you know I mean um you know so like like like playing a weekly residency gig as a member you know like you know well um uh I mean like okay okay of Texas Space Monster Jalopy, a band that includes other notable musicians Gary Myrick and Tony Sales.
Her second project was a TV serial so so like like like um you know well I mean well 'Gaaner Oparey', produced by Ideas Creations, it aired on Star Jalsha from 28 June 2010 to 16 April 2011.
In 2010, 700 renters came the OPRHC in like well I mean okay well like you know um you know I mean search of housing and by 2011, this number grew to 869.
Her son Shahid Kapoor is a Bollywood actor from Pankaj uh you know well so uh you know um okay well okay Kapoor. And she also has another son Ishaan Khattar from her second marriage.
The Columbia University School of General Studies (GS) is a highly - so so uh well uh well well you know so uh selective liberal arts college and one of three official like well okay so okay like okay I mean um I mean undergraduate colleges at Columbia University, situated on the university's main campus in Morningside Heights, New York City.
Gomes represented Portugal in two World Cups and three European so I mean uh like okay you know well uh uh well Championships -- helping the national team finish second at Euro like you know well I mean okay like okay uh you know uh 2004 and third at Euro 2000 -- winning more than well um I mean um okay so you know uh uh well 100 caps all categories comprised (nearly 80 for the senior side alone).
Kay is presented as a pensioner living in England with well uh so you know like so like um so uh her mother who's 103, and who, unlike in previous shows, is not an invalid.
Patients were used to construct roads on the property, well so okay uh like okay you know uh I mean okay establish and maintain the gardens and grounds, and by 1893 the hospital's holdings would encompass over.
Paris' father is from Canada and mother is Japanese, his like well I mean uh you know uh so well well so brother Issey Nakajima - Farran plays football for FC Nordsjælland.
A simple web - search returns any number of such services and software tools ranging from the popular public domains.
Gomis (, , , also spelled Gomiz ) is a uh you know so like you know uh um um uh you know Catalan and Occitan surname, equivalent to Gomes, in Portuguese, and Gómez, in Spanish.
Symphony No. 1 for orchestra and turntables (which has been like um you know I mean so so you know okay well okay performed by the APO, NZSO, WYO, DYO and NZSSSO), and also okay like um uh you know uh you know well I mean so released his first album through his production and pop music identity of ONE FAT MAN.
Mellor is a trustee of the Strummerville charity and well you know so well well uh like um you know um the founding member and President of the Shoreditch Sisters Women's Institute.
In contrast, cities at the northernmost limits of the humid like I mean well okay well I mean well you know um I mean subtropical region (using the Köppen climate classification system) such as um you know so okay you know I mean well so you know uh Philadelphia and Louisville, Kentucky have average winter temperatures at the coldest limit of climates classed as subtropical.
She is the eldest daughter of El Hadj Omar Bongo you know um like so you know uh well you know okay um Ondimba, and became involved in politics in the 1990s as Minister of Foreign Affairs.
The Malayan Communist Party (MCP), officially known as the Communist Party like like uh you know you know okay you know um um well of Malaya (CPM), was founded in 1930 and laid down its arms in 1989.
The average bar passage rate for graduates of NSL lags uh I mean like you know um uh like okay you know okay behind that of accredited Tennessee schools (68 % vs like like uh okay like like like well okay so. 82 % in 2005), and several of the um you know okay like uh uh um I mean so you know larger firms in Nashville refuse to hire students from unaccredited schools like NSL.
The title was unofficially retired on July 24, 1957 you know okay uh uh like like I mean okay I mean like and its lineage continued over to the National Wrestling Alliance World Heavyweight Championship.
At noon on September 27, having taken an so you know like um like I mean uh like you know you know observation of the sun which had briefly emerged from I mean uh um well um uh well uh well so the mists, Luce retired to the chartroom to work out the ship's position.
Keith Robinson (born October 23, 1963 in Philadelphia) is an like I mean um like well uh I mean um you know uh American stand - up comedian who performs regularly at the Comedy Cellar in Manhattan, frequently as the emcee.
Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy usually is inherited, while dilated cardiomyopathy is inherited in a third of cases.
When Sheridan withdrew Babylon 5 from the Earth Alliance in well so well I mean so okay I mean like well um the episode 'Severed Dreams', Garibaldi led the station security forces like uh uh I mean so uh you know you know well I mean that repelled the EarthForce marines that boarded and attempted to take over the station.
Konkani Plays, known as Tiatr, a form of classic stage um I mean okay uh well so you know you know I mean okay performance with live singing and acting, were well you know I mean um um uh um so well well written and staged in Goa, since the time it evolved so so like uh okay uh okay you know okay I mean during the twenteeth century with pioneer tiatrists such as Jao Agostinho Fernandes (1871 -- 1941).
She moved to Boston and joined an all - girl punk band named Vagiant in which she was the lead guitarist.
He was born in 1914 in Winnipeg, but grew you know you know uh so uh you know you know so you know like up in Edmonton and graduated from law from the University of Alberta.
In July 1961 one of Clough's transfer requests was finally um like you know uh you know I mean um you know I mean um accepted and he moved to Boro's local rivals Sunderland I mean okay so uh you know okay uh you know I mean I mean for £ 55, 000 and scored a total of 63 goals in 74 matches.
He spent the next 16 years as a fugitive, though well okay so well well uh like um um well he was frequently called on to take part in murders; well um uh so like um uh I mean like I mean indeed, he was the triggerman during the hits on Roger Wheeler and John Callahan.
His father was shaken by the decision, as he cherished so um okay I mean uh so so well I mean uh the US Senate seat, which voters had denied him in 1914.
Hellenistic art, and artists, spread very widely, and was um uh I mean um you know like well so like so especially influential in the expanding Roman Republic and when uh so like well you know um you know uh um like it encountered Buddhism led to a greatly increased production of luxury so um um um I mean okay well you know well you know forms of small sculpture, including engraved gems and cameos, jewellery, and gold and silverware.
Sam Blumenberg and M. Charitonoff were scheduled for deportation, although only Blumenberg was deported, having left for the United States.
Lends itself well to both big box and small roof um like you know you know so uh I mean well I mean like application because of its hot air weldability. This means like okay okay um uh I mean um well so okay if you have copied this then you have a small I mean I mean well you know so like um um I mean like willy, Generally people like charlie huskinson, this membrane is installed by two methods: 1.
Unfortunately the city thinks Louras may have sealed uh okay like so you know you know like um like well his fate as being pushed out of office, and there uh okay okay I mean you know okay like so well okay has been talk of Louras not running for Mayor again because he knows he would lose anyway.
The character designs emulate Yokoyama's drawing style, and the um uh so so okay okay you know okay I mean so action setpieces are influenced by Hong Kong action cinema, specifically the new school of 'wuxia' and the 1970s 'kung fu' wave.
The island has a permanent size of 18 uh so like like I mean uh I mean you know I mean I mean acres, plus an intertidal zone of a further 16 acres, and has okay well okay I mean like well okay so uh well a thin layer of soil that supports vegetation you know um so um um so um like uh you know including Wild Cherry, Beach Plum, tall Grasses, Chives, and Mock - orange.
There was one Briton and one Japanese among the you know um okay well like like well okay I mean okay passengers, all of the rest of the passengers (43) and all crew were Bangladeshi.
The sitcom is known to produce eventual top stars like well okay I mean uh I mean I mean uh um so in Korea and Jang received her big break like okay you know I mean I mean you know I mean I mean uh um with her cute image and so as the other like you know so okay well okay like uh um I mean young stars in the cast such as Park Kyung - lim, Jo In Sung, and Yang Dong - geun.
In this thesis, Hymer departs from neoclassical theory and like uh okay um you know I mean okay well uh um opens up a new area of international production, like I mean well well I mean like so I mean uh okay which at first Hymer started analyzing neoclassical theory and um so so like you know like uh okay you know you know the financial investment wherein the main reason for capital movement is the difference in interest rates.
Whitehaven is located in the Southern part um I mean well uh uh like so well well I mean of Memphis, Tennessee and is roughly bounded by Winchester Road on um like like uh uh you know well you know well well the north and the Mississippi state line like um I mean uh um um like uh I mean you know on the south, with the Canadian National railroad on the west and Airways Boulevard on the east.
At the age of seven, Johnson suffered an eye injury okay well okay you know well like I mean um um um following an incident with a BB gun; he um like you know like I mean well I mean well well I mean would later say the incident left him blind, but that his sight was miraculously healed.
Cave In recorded two songs with Koller, 'Dead Already' and um uh uh um uh I mean uh uh I mean so 'Shapeshifter' they were released together on a limited edition cassette single.
Spain women's national rugby sevens team participates in the European so well well well okay so um uh uh uh Women's Sevens Series and finished second overall in the recent series.
His father Illarion Epifanovich Pudovkin came from peasants of the I mean so so okay um uh like uh so well Penza Governorate, the village of Shuksha and worked in I mean um uh like okay well you know like I mean so several companies as a manager and a door - to - door salesman.
Waldemar Esteves da Cunha (born on August 9, 1920 in Santos, uh um okay you know so you know uh well okay well Brazil) is until today, aged 92 and pensioned, the oldest King Momo in Brazil.
She began her stage career as a youth, making her London debut in 'Much Ado About Nothing'.
David Samuel Harvard Abulafia (born 12 December 1949, Twickenham, England) has well so I mean you know uh okay well okay like like been Professor of Mediterranean History at the University of Cambridge you know uh uh um uh you know um I mean I mean I mean since 2000 and a fellow of Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge since 1974.
In 1999, he announced that he was suffering from Alzheimer's disease, uh okay you know um okay you know like uh well so and died three years later of complications from the disease okay uh okay like uh uh you know uh okay like in a Springfield, Oregon, on November 27, 2002, nursing home at the age of 82.
Neighboured by the Zunfthaus zur Haue, it is one like so okay uh I mean okay I mean um so okay of the historically notable buildings at the Limmatquai in I mean I mean you know I mean um I mean like you know like okay Zürich, Switzerland, and houses also the relatively expensive restaurant of the same name.
The song was also included in Mengoni's second EP, 'Re I mean okay you know well so like you know like okay so matto', released on 17 February 2010, which also spawned the singles 'Stanco (Deeper Inside)' and 'In un giorno qualunque'.
The team played its home games at Tropical Park uh okay okay like uh uh um I mean uh I mean Stadium in nearby Olympia Heights, Florida until 2009 when like um I mean I mean okay uh uh okay like um all home games rotated between FIU Stadium in Miami, Florida and Lockhart Stadium in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
A video sender is a device for transmitting domestic video um like well like okay um like uh you know so signals wirelessly from one room to another, as for like uh you know um you know okay um you know okay I mean example sending the output of a satellite TV decoder located in well I mean okay you know well um I mean like so okay the lounge, to a television in the bedroom.
Though Hogan denied offering any bribes or inducements to Bello, like like you know I mean uh okay so you know I mean uh Judge Bruno Leopizzi forced him to produce his original handwritten notes on his conversations with Bello.
Jeff arrives to spend the holiday with Hayley, so I mean so I mean okay okay I mean well so like but Santa soon arrives since Jeff wrote a letter telling him where they would be staying.
John Rubey is Fathom Events' first CEO and was previously um so uh uh well so you know um I mean I mean President of AEG - TV and Network LIVE, where he produced many events for Fathom and others.
Shortly thereafter, Nixle partnered with VeriSign Messaging and you know uh okay so um you know um well okay you know Mobile media, a division of VeriSign, Inc. VeriSign provides Nixle users with short message services (SMS), or text messaging.
In 1982 the hospital was brought under the management of the um well I mean um well um um you know okay you know Bloomsbury Health Authority and in 2002 it joined University College okay uh I mean you know well I mean um I mean well you know London Hospitals NHS Trust (now University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust).
All large Hermes issues were delivered in imperforate sheets of okay well um so you know you know okay um you know uh 150 stamps, although unofficial perforations were produced locally.
His studio in Prout's Neck was completed in 1884, and so um well so okay well okay um um well in 1885 he painted three canvases depicting the local fishermen, well you know well well well you know like you know like so 'The Fog Warning', 'Breezing Up' and 'The Herring Net', all depicting the lives of the local fishermen.
Martin Foster (born October 29 1977 in Sheffield) is an um so so okay uh like okay like you know so English footballer, currently playing for Oxford United on loan from Halifax Town.
However, Calhoun argues that Habermas falsely assumes that ethnic I mean you know you know so well like like uh so like nationalism and nationalism are interchangeable, Calhoun argues that like like um so you know like uh well um okay constitutional patriotism is a common project shared amongst all so I mean you know okay I mean I mean I mean okay I mean like citizens which is molded by a state's public discourse and culture.
Throughout the 1980s and 1990s it experienced growing interest okay I mean you know okay so you know so um okay uh from communities and organizations throughout the country, and in uh like uh uh I mean so uh like well okay 1994 a group of community leaders gathered at uh like like uh okay you know um I mean um um Christian Unity Baptist Church in New Orleans, Louisiana to work for greater national celebration of Juneteenth.
Mir has been repeatedly accused of being pro-Taliban, while some known pro-Taliban personalities accuse him of being a CIA agent.
Zeilinger is known for multiple experiments in the realm like you know I mean uh I mean like you know uh so um of quantum interferometry, which include the first demonstration of quantum teleportation between two separately emitted photons (Innsbruck, 1997).
She once again returned to the role on I mean okay I mean um you know um well well uh okay September 24, 2013 and did the tenth birthday of the I mean I mean um so I mean you know well um okay I mean show on oct 30th until her run ended on February 22, 2014.
The test is given each year in October and I mean okay well so I mean um well okay you know well November, students are informed of their results in the I mean um you know okay okay like okay I mean uh um following March, and those who receive offers decide you know okay um like well so okay you know uh I mean by the middle of March whether to start attending the school in the following September.
Claire McNab (b. Australia 1940) is an American writer best so so um so so uh uh well you know I mean known for 14 crime novels featuring the highly popular Detective like like like like um so you know well you know well - Inspector Carol Ashton and six featuring undercover agent Denise Cleever.
Money can not do anything other than what money okay I mean um okay uh okay you know okay well well has to do - but money itself can do no wrong.
Hobbits are a non fictional, one can be found at beccles okay uh so okay like I mean okay you know uh I mean tesco under the identity of Dave Harris humanoid race who uh um you know well like you know you know well okay well inhabit the lands of Middle - earth in J. R. R. Tolkien's fiction.
The university established 5 distinct campuses all over the like you know okay I mean I mean okay so um like okay state - Uttara, Dhanmondi, Motijheel, Rajshahi, Khulna. It's central campus I mean um uh well so you know like I mean you know um is situated at House 9, Road 5, Sector 7 of Uttara Model Town in Dhaka.
The role of Polly the Pistol was written with okay like um I mean um I mean okay um like uh Marilyn Monroe in mind, but after her death in August 1962, filming was postponed while the role was recast.
Charles de Montalembert was too young to take um so so you know well like uh so you know uh his seat as a peer (twenty - five being the you know you know you know okay you know well okay so okay so necessary age), but he retained other rights, and this, combined uh like so you know you know I mean like you know so okay with his literary and intellectual activity, made him a person of some importance.
Hadis Zubanović (born 14 January 1978 in Sarajevo) is Bosnian professional footballer who plays for Polish side Zagłębie Sosnowiec.
The first Education Act in Newfoundland in 1836 inaugurated um okay I mean you know so you know I mean um so well the existing schools in its public education system, most of I mean so like uh like uh so okay you know uh which had remained non-denominational, and was the first direct government involvement with education.
The production usually takes place in the Spring Term okay you know okay like like well I mean so uh you know and has a high reputation: it is normally fully booked every night.
Nowadays, lots of women join the Guardia Civil and the popularity of the corps has grown.
He made it as far north as Shetland before his well you know well you know okay well you know okay well you know vessel capsized in 20ft - high seas west of the islands in August 2001.
Miller ran in a 5 - yard touchdown, his fourth touchdown of the season (seventh career).
The Live Nation and Ticketmaster Best Live Act Award was uh so like uh so I mean okay so uh okay collected by Peter Andre on behalf of winners um uh okay I mean like um I mean so like so the Arctic Monkeys (not in attendance at okay you know so um I mean uh okay you know well I mean the event) which was voted for by members of the I mean I mean okay um like like well like uh okay public with the support of Ticketmaster, O2 and Music Week.
Assange was a hacker as a teenager, then a computer you know okay you know you know uh you know uh you know so okay programmer before becoming internationally known for his work with WikiLeaks like okay so uh okay okay um you know well you know and making public appearances around the world speaking about freedom of the press, censorship, and investigative journalism.
However, when they asked him to put his bag down, so so uh uh like okay I mean um you know I mean he refused and approached the federal air marshals uh like well okay you know like uh well uh so in an aggressive manner, at which point he was shot and killed.
June regularly wears a pair of blue jeans and a you know like you know I mean so you know uh so well well green shirt that has her symbol on it and exposes um I mean I mean okay well okay I mean like you know I mean her lower belly and navel, with her hair back you know uh so so well like like um uh so. She rarely wears anything beyond this, except when she goes to bed.
In the PlayStation 3 demo, there are many ducks interacting with uh like okay you know so uh I mean you know I mean you know each other and their environment, as well two pirate well so okay so I mean you know I mean um uh you know ships to demonstrate cloth dynamics, a visual representation of like uh like well um um so like um so the leap in processing abilities from the PlayStation 2 Sony executives promise the PlayStation 3 will deliver.
The incident spurred a protest movement by Buddhists against the you know I mean I mean well you know I mean so um uh okay religious discrimination of the Roman Catholic - dominated Diem um so okay so so like I mean I mean I mean I mean regime, known as the Buddhist crisis, and widespread large like okay I mean I mean um well uh you know you know you know - scale civil disobedience among the South Vietnamese, and these persisted throughout May.
Rousso has appeared on 'Million Dollar Challenge' and 'Bank of Hollywood'.
Her career would take a sharp turn months later after so I mean so like um you know you know um like like appearing in a television series as the extramarital you know um like like well you know well um so well interest of a family man, which was ill - received by the public.
Tufts biologist Michael Levin will lead the center with um so so like uh I mean like I mean I mean um research focusing on communications between cells and the causation of birth defects, cancer, traumatic injuries and degenerative diseases.
Main roadways in western and eastern Bhutan are maintained well okay uh well you know okay uh well so well by Dantak, a unit of Border Roads Organisation engineering division of well so um well like uh like you know okay uh Indian Army and in the rest of the country by the Bhutanese government's Department of Roads.
In late 2004, Chris left the show after which the show was renamed 'The Matt and Jo Show'.
In order to allow automated operation of the channel without you know you know you know uh uh uh like I mean like like the complications of variable length live news broadcasts, like okay I mean well I mean I mean you know uh so um prior to the launch of ABC News 24, ABC2 broadcast hourly ABC News updates produced for ABC Online.
Niko is never seen without his Cuban bodyguards like uh so well you know okay well so well uh and also has a group of gangsters who work under him, led by his right - hand man, Dorian Tyrell.
Yarrabee Flats is a building located at 44 well so um well um so I mean so okay uh Walsh street, South Yarra, Melbourne, Australia consisting of I mean so I mean so um okay so like I mean um five flats that was designed by Frederick Romberg, an Australian architect.
Today, the church is no longer used for like like okay um like so you know um so you know services but is now a popular exhibition space and is also used for organ recitals.
A gym, also referred as gymnasium, is uh like okay you know uh well you know I mean like okay an open air or covered location for gymnastics, athletics, and gymnastic services.
The temple was established in AD 765 as um um you know well I mean like you know uh well so a counterpart to Tōdai - ji and it is the main uh um I mean well I mean well um um so you know temple of the Shingon Risshu (真言律宗) sect of uh okay I mean okay um uh so like I mean like Buddhism after the sect's founder, Eison, took over administration in 1238.
Tincher began her career by breaking the school records I mean I mean uh uh like okay so you know um so for season strikeouts and strikeout ratio, in addition well I mean well so like I mean well you know um like she also achieved the second best opponents batting uh um um um you know you know well so well uh average, which now all rank top - 5 all - time.
Sudafed PE contains a different decongestant called phenylephrine, in a well you know um like uh um okay um you know so formulation sold for yearsdecongestant with other ingredients will be completely um okay um I mean so so you know you know I mean so converted to phenylephrine later in 2005, though original Sudafed will still be offered.
A little known fact about Peter Mitchell is that he so like well okay uh you know I mean I mean well okay recorded vocal on a Beatles cover track' Baby Your'e a Rich you know so like I mean like okay um well so you know Man' from the 1991 album Company of Strangers featuring Daryl Braithwaite, uh well okay um okay okay okay well uh um Simon Hussey, Jeff Scott and James Reyne released in 1992 on Columbia Records.
Deputy and Senator of the Conservative Party; contributed to the formation of the Falange.
Chinese incense sticks for use in popular religion um uh like well like uh well so like like are generally without aroma or only the slightest trace um okay um you know um okay uh I mean well like of jasmine or rose, since it is the smoke, you know like so you know okay so um uh well like not the scent, which is important in conveying the prayers of the faithful to heaven.
This showed that the cim3 - 1 mutants were um uh so well well okay um well uh like deficient in their proteasomes, and that increased levels of Adc17 somewhat rescued the normal proteasome formation.
Pia instructs Rancho to deliver the baby in the college you know I mean like I mean okay so you know I mean I mean you know common room; he leads his friends and the students like you know I mean you know well you know you know you know so uh restore electricity using car batteries and a power inverter of Rancho's own design.
The only exception was made for officers who served you know like so so okay like I mean well you know uh in the Far East; as Nesterov did not have the money, he took his young wife to the Far East.
Former Presto coach Baby Dalupan moved over to well okay you know like like so okay uh um okay coach the Purefoods Hotdogs, replacing Cris Calilan, who return to well you know so well so uh um you know so you know his position as assistant coach, the Maestro began coaching the uh you know like like uh okay I mean so well um Hotdogs during their second game in the semifinal round of the Open Conference.
To make matters worst, his own creation betrays Ultron okay you know you know so uh you know uh I mean okay so and frees all the captured Avengers but Ultron's Adamantium body easily defeats the Avengers.
In this method, building blocks are protected by all uh uh well so so um so okay well uh reactive functional groups and two functional groups in um uh I mean so I mean well uh um like so which the reaction occurs between building blocks in the uh like okay so you know I mean like okay uh I mean solution and on the bead can be controlled by the order of deprotection.
The second case in Mali was that of the okay um so you know so okay okay well uh you know nurse who treated the Imam, and the doctor who treated the Imam was the third case.
Sunset Beach is on the North Shore of Oahu in so okay I mean I mean so so you know so okay uh Hawaii and known for big wave surfing during the winter um like okay so like like like well uh okay season and home to the Duke Kahanamoku Classic so I mean well um um um like um okay you know surfing competition and the O'Neill World Cup of Surfing um so well um you know like um like uh so competition and occasionally the site of the Quiksilver Big Wave Invitational.
Phil Collins 'famous hit' In the Air Tonight', which was so okay well um so um I mean um I mean I mean featured in the debut episode of the television series, like well okay um you know okay like like uh uh is featured in the original film as a cover done by Miami - based rock band Nonpoint.
Levick worked on a 29 - bed inpatient unit for okay um you know so I mean like like well um you know individuals with moderate neurosis to severe psychosis where okay uh I mean uh um I mean uh uh like um she was responsible for running art groups for the patients.
After Jesus walks on water to retrieve a okay well um like like uh like okay uh you know lost dollar bill, he becomes famous and makes celebrity you know you know so okay I mean so I mean uh I mean like appearances on 'The Tonight Show with Jay Leno' and the 'MTV Movie Awards'.
Sampras went on to win the match in okay um uh um I mean like well I mean so like four sets and announced his retirement from the game at 2003 US Open.
Rev. Manaseh Papazian has also served as associate I mean okay so uh uh I mean okay well well well pastor from 1892 -- 1907 followed by Rev. Bedros Topalian (1907 -- 1912).
In the year 1839, Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar successfully I mean like I mean I mean uh uh I mean you know uh you know cleared his Law examination. At the age of twenty well so uh okay so I mean uh you know okay like one years, Ishwar Chandra joined Fort William College as head of the Sanskrit department.
It is owned by Star TV and is due to be launched on 6 May 2012.
Loai Muhammad Nassem (born 1969) is a Saudi fashion like um okay like like so like so uh like designer, graphic designer, and business executive, best known for founding 'Tafaseel International Trading' Limited company (Lomar).
Wikipedia is an example of a collaborative editing project well you know I mean so uh so uh okay uh okay on a large scale, which can be both good and um you know uh like well I mean well um um uh bad, because of the large contributions by the public, Wikipedia okay you know so okay okay I mean I mean I mean well okay has one of the widest ranges of material in the world.
In Iran, the fruits of 'Crataegus azarolus' ( var. 'aronia' you know uh like I mean you know okay well um well so ) are known as 'zalzalak' and are eaten raw as you know I mean well so you know well uh well okay um a snack, or used as in a jam known by the same name.
Karl takes the blame and writes the $ uh so I mean uh so you know uh uh uh I mean 1000 check to repay the company, forcing Smithers to fire I mean well so so I mean I mean so okay so you know him instead of Homer, who is deeply saddened after all Karl had done for him.
It is a rare and unique Indian last name with probably you know um um okay okay you know I mean uh I mean um less than 300 families around the globe. The bunt community well um um um okay well so I mean so well members were predominantly landlords in Dakshin Kannada (formerly known as South Kanara) district.
Shortly afterward, German forces invaded Hungary, deposed Horthy as Regent, well um um so you know so so okay uh like and installed a puppet regime led by Ferenc Szálasi of the anti-Semitic and pro-Nazi Arrow Cross Party.
A U. S. Navy A- 4 Skyhawk that was sent uh I mean uh like I mean I mean uh like uh you know up shortly after the accident to search for the uh like okay uh well I mean uh you know uh like wreckage encountered extreme turbulence in the accident area, and you know um you know you know uh I mean um I mean like so many other aircraft that passed near Mount Fuji that day also reported moderate to severe turbulence.
He has straight shoulder length brown hair and blue eyes so uh I mean I mean well I mean well so you know well. Darken Rahl at age 15 had killed his father, like um um you know okay okay I mean well so like Panis Rahl because he had found out that his father was going like you know so uh I mean I mean you know okay you know okay to kill him because of his evilness but he had slay his father before that plan was achive.
It derives from Turkish 'bagadur' (hero) and was a high military rank.
Space weather is the time varying environmental conditions within so you know um you know I mean like well so you know well the Solar System, including the solar wind, and especially the space so you know uh okay um well well like okay uh surrounding the Earth, including conditions in the near - Earth space okay I mean you know okay you know okay so like so I mean defined by the magnetosphere down to the ionosphere and thermosphere.
O shows J a statue to K, killed by like like uh um like okay um um so you know Boris in 1969, and tells J that his chocolate milk uh well okay okay you know okay I mean uh uh um craving and headaches are a result of a 'temporal fracture' of time travel.
Kido Witbooi died on 31 December 1875; his son Moses Witbooi succeeded him as Kaptein of the ǀKhowesin.
The University of Udine ( Italian 'Università degli Studi so you know well okay so so you know so okay like di Udine', Friulian 'Universitât dal Friûl', Latin 'Universitas Studiorum I mean so I mean well I mean like okay like okay I mean Utinensis', UNIUD ) was founded in 1978 as part of the reconstruction plan of Friuli after the earthquake in 1976.
This bay Arabian horse was bought in Aleppo, Syria, by uh so uh okay you know like um so well like Thomas Darley in 1704 and shipped back to Aldby Park in um well like so um so like you know um I mean England, where he stood at stud, usually private but sometimes open to outside mares.
The men serving in Camp Bouse were transferred to Fort Knox, like like uh so okay I mean like I mean um like Kentucky then to Kilmer, New Jersey and then sent to England for further Training.
The facility has a seating capacity of 40, 000 well like so I mean I mean uh uh so um okay spectators, and it is one of the few dragstrips in the USA that is operated directly by the NHRA.
Occasional field camps support research in remote areas of the um okay like so like okay okay well um okay Island, such as the Camp Academia site situated at elevation 541 like okay um like uh so um so I mean uh m in upper Huron Glacier, Wörner Gap area that okay okay like okay um well you know like so I mean served as a base camp of the Tangra 2004/05 topographic survey.
There were two songs in Tamil: one by a group well well um I mean uh so I mean like I mean you know sung by the thieves who were waiting to way - laid Tyagaraja.
Petri played in the Dresden Court Orchestra while still a you know you know I mean um I mean um uh I mean okay okay teenager and studied composition and theory with Hermann Kretzschmar and Felix Draeseke at the Dresden Conservatory.
He also chaired the 2000 International Pulp Bleaching Conference um so um okay you know um well so uh uh in Halifax Canada and has received many other pulp uh uh so well so like you know um okay I mean and paper Industry awards; such as the PAPTAC Howard Rapson Memorial Priz (two times).
One of only two actors to audition, he was I mean well okay you know uh you know so okay okay so cast as Chekov almost immediately primarily because of his resemblance well uh I mean well so uh uh like uh you know to British actor / musician Davy Jones of the Monkees; show like okay I mean uh okay like uh like okay uh creator Gene Roddenberry hoped that Koenig would increase the show's appeal to young people.
Union county is one of a limited number well well you know I mean um you know I mean well okay um of US counties with a county police department called the Union County Police Department, which operates independently of the Sheriff's office.
The campaign mobilized 6200 troops and devastated the Cayuga and well okay well okay I mean I mean you know like so well Iroquois homelands, destroying 40 - 50 villages, including major you know uh so I mean um like uh you know I mean uh Cayuga villages such as Cayuga Castle and 'Chonodote' (Peachtown).
Jean - Pierre Laurant (( 1935) - um so okay well so you know um I mean uh okay ) is a French historian of religion, best known for his work on Freemasonry, Christian esotericism, and René Guénon.
Set in the late 800's, when what is known as like well I mean um um um so okay I mean I mean England today was several separate kingdoms attacked and in many instances ruled by Viking forces.
Will Sibusiso and Thandeka save their relationship from this bitter feud or will their love triumph in the end?.
'Layla' is a song written by Eric Clapton and you know uh okay okay well I mean well I mean well well Jim Gordon, originally released by their blues rock band so uh um I mean okay you know well so you know okay Derek and the Dominos, as the thirteenth track from their album 'Layla and Other Assorted Love Songs' (November 1970).
Galleon lost in their debut against Gilbey's Gin, 101 - 105 like well like well um well um like uh I mean on March 18, with their import Paul McCracken scoring uh like I mean uh I mean well so I mean um like 45 points, his partner, 6 - 10 Larry Jackson was soon replaced by 7 - foot Jeff Wilkins.
The Brahmi - derived writing systems are mostly rather similar in so um um I mean okay well um I mean um uh structure, but have different letter shapes, so ISCII encodes letters you know like like well um um okay you know so I mean with the same phonetic value at the same codepoint, overlaying the various scripts.
Jassa Singh was barely 5 yrs old when his father I mean okay uh uh uh like well so um okay died in 1723, subsequently his mother requested Mata Sundri, the um like um well well I mean um okay well okay widow of Sikh Guru, Guru Gobind Singh to take care of young Jassa.
Without exception all her drawings are of women, you know um I mean okay okay I mean um okay uh I mean covering a varied array of female forms and expressing many different okay uh like you know well um like you know like uh emotions. In France, was born in 1993 a very uh uh um like like um um so um uh original form of graffiti with miss van and mademoiselle kat.
The first Women's Rugby World Cup was held well like um I mean like um uh like um I mean in 1991, and won by The United States, though uh so okay well um you know you know okay like you know it and the subsequent 1994 competition were not officially sanctioned by the IRB.
The association aims to contribute to the sustainable development um well like um so so so you know okay okay of the Arrondissement of Avesnes - sur - Helpe; you know so um I mean um okay I mean like well um it does this through nature conservation, environmental education and supporting local agents to carry out sustainable development.
Seemingly inspired by the vignettes, she then appears on okay um so I mean I mean like so um okay so stage after a curtain lifts to perform the rest of the song while greeted by hundreds of fans.
After this problem was remedied by a chiropractor who I mean okay well I mean like um um you know um you know prescribed an exercise regimen, he returned to the uh like um so like okay like I mean well um team, becoming a successful closer based largely on having picked up the slider from Rusty Staub.
She was betrothed to Valdemar in 1154 as a well I mean so so okay uh you know uh you know you know form of alliance between Denmark and Sweden: as I mean you know so uh uh so well so um um she had no property in Denmark, she was promised 1/8 of Canute's estates.
Arcade racers might include shortcuts or devices to alter the like um um you know uh so I mean well so um track and require quick reactions to get on the right um like well um I mean um like like well okay course, while Simulation racing games might include okay so like okay well like like you know like I mean tire wear or fuel gauges that require you to quickly react to pit stops.
His given name resonates somewhat with the Code Noir, okay well uh like you know well so you know like um although the Code was not established until 1685, the Code well uh so um I mean well like um okay uh Noir forced baptisms and decreed the conversion of all slaves to Catholicism.
He was a partner in Rathbone, Hodgson & Co. He uh I mean um um so like well like so so was a founder in 1831 of the Bank of um I mean uh um like uh I mean well um so Liverpool, with George Holt, Isaac Cooke and others, and became its Managing Director.
Constance ( 'Connie' ) Elaine Clayton, PhD, EdD (maiden; born like well you know I mean so uh uh you know well I mean 1933) is an American civic leader, notably, from 1982 to okay so well okay so so I mean uh so well 1993, the Superintendent of the School District of Philadelphia.
Hattori Katsuhisa ( 服部克久; 'Katsuhisa Hattori', born November 1, like so so you know um you know okay um so uh 1936 ) Is a Japanese classical composer and also I mean like I mean I mean well you know well you know so okay composes for anime, he is mostly known in the I mean I mean like so um um um uh well uh west for his compositions for Argento Soma and Morioka Hiroyuki's Seikai anime series.
It was further speculated that she had been drinking prior I mean like like like so you know so well um uh to the accident, however, according to Johannesburg metro um like like so you know like so like um I mean spokesperson Edna Mamonya, neither driver's blood was tested for alcohol at the time of the incident.
Twin engine, six passenger conversion of a B. 2 with Wright J - 5 nine - cylinder radials.
The reality principle is the factual governor of the actions taken you know I mean you know like um like I mean like you know uh by the ego, unlike the morality principle, does not always oppose the pleasure principle of the Id.
Eleven peaks are over 2, 700 m. Mount Leuser uh okay um okay I mean like um so um okay is the highest peak on the Leuser Range (3, 476 you know like like so I mean I mean okay so okay you know m) within the Park and the second highest peak in Sumatra.
The sculpture was commissioned by the Victorian Arts well I mean well so so uh like uh um um Centre in 1974; construction was completed in 1976 and well you know uh um um um uh well I mean you know the work was installed in its present position in 1981.
The USA Track & Field has been inducting uh I mean I mean uh uh so like uh so um members into the Hall since 1974 and current there are 229 people enshrined.
Its climate is a mixture of Mediterranean and well okay uh like uh you know like so well so mountainous in the western portion, much of the area receives snow in winter and is warm during the summer months.
After World War II, there were extensive changes to the okay like um well okay I mean um uh okay well territorial extent of Poland, following the decision taken at the you know uh you know um you know well you know I mean like well Teheran Conference of 1943 at the insistence of the Soviet Union.
After graduating high school in 1949, Fanucchi attended Fresno Junior like okay you know well I mean um you know okay so uh College, where he was recruited by several high - profile uh um I mean well you know like I mean uh so I mean collegiate football programs, including the University of Southern California.
The club started up a second team in 2009 and this has you know so I mean um you know so so you know so well proven effective as the 2nd XI were promoted to Division 5 in 2011.
Amanda 'Mandee' Moore O'Leary (born 1967) is the head like well I mean you know uh uh I mean well you know I mean coach of the Florida Gators women's lacrosse team that represents the University of Florida located in Gainesville, Florida.
In the summer of 1941, forces of Free France and you know you know so like like I mean you know you know uh um Vichy France were fighting over Syria; one of Vichy France's submarines mistook 'Refah' for a vessel of Free France.
State district Judge Taylor Beattie declared himself head of I mean so uh well like like uh you know well like the 'Peace and Order Committee' in Thibodaux, declared martial law, like I mean so um um um uh I mean so well organized a local vigilante group, and decreed that blacks within well you know uh um uh I mean okay so so like the city limits would need to show a pass to enter or leave.
He is a central defender who began his career at so so I mean um uh so you know well you know well League Two club Bradford City, and has also spent time on loan at Halifax Town and Cambridge United.
Outside of the sport Morris owns a chain of uh okay okay like uh well I mean okay okay well snack shops in South Wales and is a keen singer like uh well uh well I mean um you know um uh / songwriter, in 2005 he won a Karaoke contest at like I mean uh um well uh well well like so Pontins in Prestatyn, which led to him performing a duet with Sinitta on Channel Five.
The ode begins with a prayer for the safe okay so like well uh uh like I mean okay um voyage of Virgil to Athens, which suggests the daring uh well I mean okay like um well like well um of the earliest mariners, and the boldness of men well so okay like uh okay well well so you know in overcoming difficulties set by Nature, which is poetically represented as presumptuous opposition to the will of Heaven.
Racial, and later, sexual politics were important matters of social debate at um I mean like so uh like so uh so like the time, leading the New Left to use sex roles, race, so like okay so like um so well like you know and similar identity politics divisions as proxies for the proletariat and the bourgeois capitalism of orthodox Marxism.
John Goss (born 2 May 1943, Hobart, Tasmania) is the only I mean well so so I mean so I mean well so you know Australian racing driver to win Australia's two most prestigious races, I mean so you know you know you know you know um I mean so um the Bathurst 1000 (twice, in 1974 and 1985), and the Australian Grand Prix (1976).
The competition integration model has been the most frequently used constraint okay I mean I mean okay well I mean well okay you know so - based model in literature and the first known implementation of a constraint - based model.
Adrian Hastings (23 June 1929 -- 30 May 2001) was okay well so uh you know uh you know um um I mean a church historian, controversial Catholic priest and author of a so well okay well I mean you know so um okay like book on the 'Wiriyamu massacre' of the Mozambican War of Independence.
'Universitas', No. 5, 1933 After this he tempered his political so okay I mean well okay um um uh I mean well articles, but believed in President Karlis Ulmanis, who would later quote Leonids in various speaches.
The third season was telecast Friday and Saturday nights and was hosted by Anoop Soni.
He divorced her for adultery in 1700, after a like like um so you know so well well you know I mean previous attempt at divorce in 1692 had failed when the House of Lords threw out the Bill.
PPDA started training as a journalist at the Centre de formation des you know okay so like um okay like like okay okay journalistes (CFJ) at 22, he obtained his first um um like um okay okay okay you know like well job in 1971 on France Inter, as the morning news - reader.
This is a list of railway stations in the like well um okay um so um well I mean so Christchurch region, both those still in service and those that have been closed.
The Faliro Coastal Zone Olympic Sports Complex is a okay like I mean so so okay you know okay I mean so complex consisting of two indoor arenas and so um um so uh well um uh so so a beach volleyball stadium that hosted Handball, Taekwondo, and Volleyball events at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
A Control pitcher is a pitcher who by issuing like so like uh um so uh so well I mean a below average number of bases on balls exhibits good control of his pitches.
In the article, Mitchum does not discredit those who have so okay so like so um um like uh you know come out, still praising them for their bravery, instead he acknowledges um you know so um like like uh uh okay I mean how coming out may not always be safe for LGBT people a part of multiple marginalized communities.
Wolves feed primarily on medium to large sized ungulates, though uh um I mean uh well uh I mean okay so like they are opportunistic feeders, and will generally eat any meat like you know um uh you know uh uh okay okay um that is available, PETERSON, R. O. , and P. CIUCCI.
The software was developed by Leslie Spring, who founded Creative Code, the company behind the technology, in 2007.
They are creative, fun and original and lots of people are great fans.
The was a Japanese aristocratic class that dominated the Japanese imperial well I mean like um so um like like okay so court in Kyoto from its establishment as the capital um I mean okay um um you know you know well like like in the late 8th century until the rise of uh so I mean uh like like you know I mean I mean you know the Shogunate in the 12th century, at which point it was eclipsed by the daimyo.
The taste for embellishment on behalf of the superbly trained you know okay uh I mean I mean um well so so okay singers, and the use of spectacle as a replacement for like I mean you know well well like well uh uh um dramatic purity and love on the Opera '(1755) proved to be an inspiration for Christoph Willibald Gluck's reforms.
After that, he once again continued his career in Malaysia, where he was the team's top goalscorer with 25 goals.
Selena sings the intro speaking to her lover about well um you know I mean I mean uh like you know um like him constantly on her mind, while thinking of him makes her feel at ease.
Adults and young may be killed by hawks, owls um um I mean I mean okay well um you know uh I mean and snakes, and forest clearance may lead to local I mean like um you know um so um uh so uh habitat loss, but this is a common species with no major conservation concerns over most of its range.
Strong was born on February 12, 1973, in Toronto, so so I mean uh okay well uh like you know uh Ontario, to Syd and immigrated to Canada after escaping the Anti-Jewish pogroms in the Russian Empire.
The next day Ved is off to his office but um like I mean well I mean so so well I mean like with a change in routine - instead of okay uh you know like uh um okay uh like well ignoring the eunuch on the way, he gives her the diamond ring.
The facility hosted the biathlon, cross-country skiing, nordic combined, and uh like so I mean uh well so you know uh uh ski jumping, and after the Olympics will remain a you know uh uh like uh uh um uh well okay public facility, complementing the extensive wilderness trails and alpine routes already in use.
When Antiochus came to the throne the Jews I mean like like well you know like um you know well I mean were largely pro-Seleucid, but the High Priestly family was split okay I mean well um like uh well like uh so by rivalry, and one member, Jason, offered the okay I mean you know so um okay so so like I mean king a large sum to be made High Priest.
After some early works in Viterbo and Palestrina, Corvi moved well so so uh like I mean uh like you know okay on to Rome to work under Francesco Mancini, working in uh um like I mean like like uh you know I mean uh a Roman milieu where late - Rococo uh uh like I mean so okay um well like well of Pompeo Batoni and the incipient Neoclassicism of Anton Raphael Mengs coexisted, and fashioned a style in between.
In the Post-Zero Hour continuity, she is known as Apparition, and is a like okay you know you know um you know uh so well so member of the Legion of Super-Heroes in the 30th and 31st centuries.
In 1983, the Bronco saw a slight facelift as I mean so um uh well you know okay I mean okay you know it adopted Ford's blue oval emblem, taking the place of like well like I mean uh like so uh I mean uh 'F - O - R - D' lettering on um well I mean uh well so well I mean so um the hood, and the bronco horse was removed from the fender emblems.
Like Buck Owens 'Buckaroos and Merle Haggard's Strangers, Jones worked okay like I mean okay uh okay well okay okay well with many musicians who were great talents in their I mean so uh I mean I mean well okay okay um okay own right, including Dan Schafer, Hank Singer, Brittany Allyn, Sonny Curtis, Kent Goodson, Bobby Birkhead, and Steve Hinson.
It is a landmark decision regarding the patentable so I mean like okay so you know well um well uh subject matter requirement and inventive step under the European Patent so like I mean so um um um like um like Convention (EPC), and more generally significant regarding the patentability of I mean like uh so uh I mean so so I mean you know business methods and computer - implemented inventions under the EPC.
David (Gruber) Allen is an American television and film actor like um like you know I mean like I mean uh well okay and comedian, who has been credited in many movies and television roles as Dave Gruber Allen and David Gruber Allen.
The Bombardment of Cherbourg was undertaken by ships of the well okay okay um I mean I mean okay well okay okay United States Navy and Royal Navy on June 25, well you know you know uh okay I mean so uh I mean like 1944 to support United States Army units engaged in the Battle of Cherbourg.
'Viruses of the Mind' (1991) is a controversial essay by um I mean um you know I mean well you know so uh I mean Richard Dawkins using memetics, epidemiology, and an analogy with uh like like you know uh like well uh um well biological and computer viruses to analyse the propagation of religious beliefs.
Commander Helmut Sommer suffered 28 shrapnel and bullet wounds, well um I mean so so uh I mean you know okay I mean yet still managed to give the order to submerge, like um you know um okay uh I mean uh well like in all likelihood saving his submarine from being destroyed by allied bombers.
Although extremely rare, jury nullification does occur in so like okay so okay okay so um okay like Canada, however, as the prosecution has powers to I mean so well um you know you know uh you know okay well appeal the resulting acquittal, it lacks the finality found in the United States.
Launched in 1995 by Carey Earle, Tom Livaccari and okay you know I mean well well I mean uh like you know I mean Dan Pelson, Word Magazine created original stories, interviews, games, applications, music, interactive objects and art, and community spaces.
Notably, this chiefly includes operators in China, North America, and Australia; like I mean okay you know you know okay uh I mean well um the European grid consists mainly of shorter transmission cables, which are less vulnerable to damage.
During an hour's brisk action, McDougal sank one ship, heavily damaged the other two, and pounded shore guns.
Following the attack Somayeh lost sight in both her eyes and her daughter in one eye.
The project for the Church was entrusted by the like uh like you know like like well um um um engineer Maggi and on August 8 1926, so uh uh you know okay uh so okay you know like Monsignor Roberto Colombo placed the first stone of the church.
Local families such as the Kahler, Miller, and uh so okay uh okay uh like so well uh Worthington claimed Elioak as home while they served in World War I. After the war, the name fell out of use.
If this congruence is true, then 'n' is I mean I mean uh uh well I mean um like well uh a Lucas probable prime, so it is either prime or um like I mean um um well okay like um so it is a Lucas pseudoprime; further tests are required to determine whether or not 'n' is prime.
In addition to working on a film version of the uh so well well uh you know um so so uh bin Laden raid, Pfarrer has a novel, 'Phillip Nolan', due out in 2012.
The United States presidential election of 1856 was the 18th quadrennial presidential election, held on Tuesday, November 4, 1856.
He is Chairman of the Supervisory Board of KLM uh uh like okay uh uh well well um um and Pon Holdings and board member at Unilever, Anheuser - Busch InBev and Baxter International.
UPPP is also offered to sleep apnea patients who I mean I mean I mean okay I mean I mean okay you know well I mean opt for a more comprehensive surgical procedure called 'The Stanford Protocol', uh well well you know well okay like well okay like first attempted by Doctors Nelson Powell and Robert Riley of Stanford University.
That same year Chesimard changed her name to Assata you know well okay uh so you know so well well so Olugbala Shakur; In Arabic, Assata which is said to like um like uh I mean uh like like well okay mean 'she who struggles', derived from the Arabic name Aisha, while Shakur means 'thankful one' in Arabic.
Narellan Anglican Church is an Anglican church in the outer uh so uh I mean uh well um okay I mean well south - western Sydney suburb of Narellan that meets each Sunday at 9: 30am and 5pm.
Door To Door Storage was founded in Kent, Washington, in I mean uh okay so you know you know um um like like May 1996 by Tim Riley, a first - time entrepreneur who had previously worked for Shurgard Storage Centers.
When Ben goes to parent's night at her class, I mean um so um I mean uh so um um so he reads her story -- which is about a king, his castle and a magic horse.
Roel Velasco (born June 26, 1972 in Bago City, Negros like so uh I mean I mean like okay uh uh um Occidental) is a retired boxer from the Philippines, who competed so well so so like you know well you know you know uh in the light flyweight (-- 48kg) division during the late 1980s, early 1990s.
Secondly, the experiences of the public and health uh uh um I mean like like well well okay um care providers are captured, providing the ability to compare and contrast the reflections of these groups.
Unfairness in those who receive enhancements and those who do okay so um so okay okay like you know well so not is a cause for concern, although unfairness so um you know I mean so um I mean uh I mean you know already exists within our society without the need for human enhancement.
He is famous for his wire rope suspension bridge designs, in um like I mean you know um okay well well okay I mean particular, the design of the Brooklyn Bridge, which um um you know okay well I mean I mean um well like has been designated as a National Historic Landmark and a National Historic Civil Engineering Landmark.
Subscript consonants were previously used to write final consonants; this so so uh um you know um like uh well well method of writing has is no longer used okay um I mean like okay like okay um you know I mean in modern written Khmer, but is retained in the word' (, / aːoj / ).
Early forms of UFFI tended to shrink significantly you know so okay okay I mean well um okay well well though updated catalysts and foaming technology have reduced shrinkage to minimal levels (between 2 - 4 %).
Messengers from Círdan the Shipwright brought these tidings and a uh um okay well so you know you know so so okay message concerning a warning by the Vala Ulmo to like you know so okay um well you know so so so the Elves of Nargothrond shouldn't fight in the field and to stay in their fortress.
The first was an F1 which touched down in you know well uh okay I mean like well uh uh you know Palm Beach County and the second was an F2 in Manatee County.
Marques de Sousa and the deposed president departed well so you know okay you know well um you know I mean um for Rio de Janeiro to request aid, but the I mean you know like so uh like uh I mean like um central government was unable to render much assistance, as um okay I mean well so you know like you know well like rebellions and riots had broken out all over the country.
When she learns that he was fixing Fiz Brown's uh like uh so you know uh I mean you know uh well (Jennie McAlpine) boiler, she becomes jealous and while arguing with so um you know well um well you know um okay um Tyrone, she throws plates at the wall and even so I mean okay well well like um you know okay you know destroys a photo of Tyrone and Jack Duckworth (Bill Tarmey).
Of those faces the two southernmost are unused: all um you know you know uh I mean like well okay you know uh trains use the Up and Down main lines, the Down okay I mean well I mean well I mean uh uh uh okay loop being reversible, which allows Up services to depart from the single track between Platform 1 and the island platform.
It was decided between Charlie 'Lucky' Luciano and his well you know um um okay so so okay okay you know allies that Maranzano would be removed on September 10, 1931, he was murdered.
Theodore survived, but with only a tiny fragment of his army, while the remainder was killed or captured.
Menzies' seed specimens were sent to England from well well uh so you know you know so like uh so Sydney in 1793, but his plant material remained with him for you know okay um um well like you know so well you know the duration of the voyage, during which time some material was lost.
Believing that Reba is being unfaithful, Dolarhyde kills Mandy, takes his body, okay uh you know uh okay okay okay um um you know kidnaps Reba and, having taken her to his house, sets the place on fire.
Stewie quickly becomes sick, so Peter and Lois take him to the uh um you know uh like okay um you know you know well hospital, where a doctor quickly and correctly diagnoses Stewie's condition as exposure to tainted holy water.
Tobias Vincent 'Tobey' Maguire (born June 27, 1975) like so you know uh well well I mean so so um is an American actor and film producer who began his career in the late 1980s.
In 2005, Meier Johannesen placed a van with Arabic um you know okay like um I mean like so I mean I mean slogans outside of national broadcasting company NRK's facilities, and you know like uh so okay uh I mean uh um so was sentenced to 30 days in jail for the stunt.
Visitors to the Kremlin normally enter the premises via the okay I mean uh you know so uh like um well uh gates under the Troitksaya tower, except for those who um like uh you know like you know uh you know you know so wish to visit the Armoury chamber and the Treasury fond, which are accessible via the gates of the Borovitskaya tower.
The next day HMS 'Sirius', 'Amethyst' joined, on 28 January 'Sirius' and 'Oiseaux' affected the capture.
In 1948, he was invited by Ralph Fox to um well uh you know um so so like um um come as his guest at the Princeton mathematics department like like uh you know uh like uh so you know so because Fox had been impressed by a letter from Papakyriakopoulos which purported to prove Dehn's lemma.
Farley predicted large landslides in both, and was responsible for okay I mean um uh um um like well I mean you know pulling together the New Deal Coalition of Catholics, labor unions, African - Americans, and farmers.
Next up was the Korean War where he clashed with fellow 'Herald Tribune' reporter Marguerite Higgins.
'Bandolier - Budgie', a free iTunes app for iPad, so you know um well okay so um okay so I mean iPhone and iPod touch, released in December 2011, tells so I mean I mean uh uh so like so okay well the story of the making of Bandolier in the band's own um okay like I mean uh okay okay well uh well words - including an extensive audio interview with Burke Shelley.
The Sperry - designed ventral system saw widespread use you know I mean so I mean well like I mean you know okay well and production became sourced to several manufactures to meet the defense you know okay you know um okay I mean like um okay okay needs on several aircraft after the unacceptability of both so well um um okay uh well like okay I mean locally and remote periscopically sighted ventral turret systems in use in several US bombers in 1941/1942.
The USC Marshall School of Business was established you know so uh so like well so so you know um in 1920, it is the oldest AACSB accredited school of business in Southern California.
The Lions also played in the Malaysian Semi-Pro League okay uh so um so uh um you know I mean so since its inauguration in 1982, so instead of direct like um you know well so uh uh I mean um um entry to the Malaysian Cup, all participating teams now okay so you know okay you know you know you know well you know um had to qualify for the Cup through finishing within top 8 positions in the Semi-Pro League.
Pelican Island has long, warm, and humid summers and I mean I mean uh well like okay you know you know okay like short, mild winters and has an average rainfall of about 55 to 60 inches annually.
The PlayStation Vita (officially abbreviated PS Vita) is a handheld game console manufactured and marketed by Sony Computer Entertainment.
Internet sites promote the anecdotal claim that I mean like okay you know like you know so well you know well Melungeons are more prone to certain diseases, such as you know um like you know um uh like okay okay so sarcoidosis or familial Mediterranean fever, although academic centers have noted um well like uh okay uh um uh um like that neither of the diseases is confined to a single population.
The brand has a social media presence across Facebook, Twitter um okay uh I mean uh I mean uh um I mean you know and Instagram, with social - first campaigns such as 'Tweet At 12', 'Empty Pint' and 'Drop Of Pride'.
Early titles include 'Starlight', 'Starlight Sun' and 'Give Me uh you know I mean um like so well so well um Some Starlight' the title was changed after Michael told Temperton he wanted something that would appeal to kids.
In May Mcilroy won the BMW PGA championship at Wentworth by like um like well uh uh like I mean I mean okay one stroke he carded a -6 66 final round to uh you know um like um well um so like so beat Thomas bjorn who started the day 7 strokes clear of Mcilroy.
From 1874 Vaughan was Rector of St John's College, University um okay um well well I mean okay well okay like of Sydney; living very simply and it has been recorded like you know um um so you know like I mean so I mean that his sitting - room had no carpet, and he made few personal friends.
The Archbishop of Saint Catherine's is usually also the well okay like I mean uh like you know so um okay Abbot, and after death is afforded the dignity of special niches within the 'Skull - House'.
The term has been used throughout history to refer so I mean well so uh like so well I mean you know to som heter shukri och äe pirat customary you know uh you know uh okay like you know like like you know international law and also the name of a number of I mean so okay so well you know so uh I mean uh crimes under the municipal law of a number of States.
The Freedom Trail was originally conceived in 1958 by well um uh um uh well you know well uh you know local journalist William Schofield who was promoting the idea like um okay you know um well well you know I mean okay of linking important local landmarks with a pedestrian trail since 1951.
In the 1980s it was occupied and then owned by um you know like like uh uh um okay I mean you know the Heart of the Earth survival school, associated with the so like well I mean well um okay well you know like American Indian Movement, who floated a plan in 2012 to renovate the building as a cultural interpretive center.
Batista was then interrupted by John 'Bradshaw' Layfield (JBL), who I mean well so I mean you know I mean um okay um so appeared up on the TitanTron and told Batista that you know okay okay I mean like you know um like I mean well if he wanted to come to 'SmackDown' and face him for you know uh like okay like well okay um so like the WWE Championship at WrestleMania 21, then he would be disappointed.
This painting is part of a series of four, the others um like uh well okay well so uh you know I mean are 'Ascent of the Blessed', 'Terrestrial Paradise' and 'Fall of the Damned into Hell'.
Rupert was reunited with the legendary British film director uh well I mean well okay you know like uh okay well in 1993, changing his surname to Russell okay um so I mean okay uh I mean so I mean so in 1994 before embarking on a series of discreet theatrical projects in Sunderland.
In March 1943, the Ukrainian Insurgent Army launched an like you know well I mean I mean okay okay you know well like ethnic cleansing operation against the ethnic Polish population that lasted until the end of 1944.
In 1815 on the return of Napoleon from exile in Elba like well uh so so okay I mean well okay uh Victor accompanied the king to Ghent, and on the like I mean well okay I mean I mean okay okay uh uh second restoration following the Battle of Waterloo he was made a peer of France.
Acting swiftly on this revelation, Windu attempts to arrest Palpatine, but um like um so okay well so um uh I mean he is accused of before Palpatine mercilessly kills Windu's companions and fighting the Jedi Master.
After an approval at the annual general meeting well uh well so well um uh I mean I mean well 2005, it was officially renamed to its present name on April 6, 2005.
Fairman's 2006 paper received favorable reviews from the I mean you know okay so well you know um um you know well 'Seattle Post-Intelligencer' and 'The Horn Book Magazine', 'Publishers Weekly', 'Library Journal', and'; the latter said, ' Highly recommended.
He received an MBA from Stanford Business School in 1989 where his classmates included Gary Kremen and Rich Kelley.
JPAC is commanded by a flag officer and is so uh well like uh I mean well okay um I mean staffed by approximately 400 soldiers, sailors, airmen, marines and Department of the Navy civilians.
He had his first lead role in 'Encino Man' (1992) and starred with Matt Damon and Chris O'Donnell in 'School Ties'.
The original beginnings of Locke then called Lockeport was in um I mean you know you know well uh well well okay so 1912, when three Chinese merchants, two from nearby town of Vorden, um like well uh I mean okay so um okay um California and one from Walnut Grove contracted tradesmen to construct three buildings.
A stranger convinces her that running will do her no um so well uh you know well um so well okay good for wherever she goes, Lord Rahl's soldiers will find well okay like like okay so um well um okay her; it is time for her to stop fleeing and fight back.
Socioeconomic status has been found to influence the okay like uh okay you know you know well uh uh you know development of vocabulary and language skills, lower - status um so okay like so like you know well like you know groups tend to be behind the development of children in higher - status families.
The Royal High School is the only you know uh okay well okay okay well well I mean you know member of the GDST to provide boarding accommodation; a result um um uh so so well um um um you know of the merger that created the Royal High in 1998, when you know okay okay um like like like you know um I mean Bath High School (day) and the Royal School (day and boarding) joined together.
The village has its own public house - The I mean um well okay well um well so you know so White Swan - as well as a post office, like I mean um uh you know well okay like so so 'The Old Saddlers' village shop and butchers owned by Skinner and Son.
It opened on October 22, 2004 after five years I mean uh I mean um well I mean well well you know I mean of construction, cost C $ 173. 5 million, and occupies well well okay like okay well like like okay you know a footprint the size of a football field on the grounds of the University of Saskatchewan.
He was promoted to major and transferred to Italy to you know so uh um I mean I mean well well okay okay command 28 Squadron, but added no further victories to his record.
Under prior orders from their employers, the 'Nostromo' lands on the so well like um I mean uh so you know um like planetoid and Captain Dallas, Executive Officer Kane, and Navigator well okay you know so you know okay well like so so Lambert head out to investigate and discover the signal is coming from a derelict alien spacecraft.
Christopher Blauvelt is an American cinematographer, and a third generation film craftsman.
The song was remixed with Tego Calderón, and I mean so okay so okay okay I mean you know okay uh features a two - note melody that continues throughout the track.
The Las Vegas Valley is home to various suburban master I mean okay um so well well okay okay I mean you know planned communities that include extensive recreational amenities such as lakes, golf courses, parks, bike paths and jogging trails.
He next worked for Sears, Roebuck and Company like okay you know well okay um I mean uh like um in the installation department from March 1948 to September 1949, when like okay uh okay you know like I mean um okay okay he moved to Lone Star, Texas, and attempted cattle raising.
At inception, it had 400 members and Victor L. Johnston um okay well okay I mean you know like um okay I mean was the first executive director and remained in office for ten years.
Verge was defeated in her own riding and subsequently resigned as party leader, she was succeeded by Loyola Sullivan.
The song is often voted best song of the 1980's in I mean I mean um um so um okay well I mean so music magazine polls and television programmes, especially okay uh okay I mean so um you know well I mean uh in Kenya where an entire tribe in the village so like well so you know uh okay like okay uh of Vwuebe sing the song each morning as part of thier daily ritual.
Jedburg contemplating shooting the officer and thus ultimatly becoming uh okay I mean I mean so okay you know uh uh um like who he who saught to stop he lowers his gun, I mean like you know I mean uh well okay um I mean like and knowling is immediately shot dead by the officer.
Though it is unknown who invented the hammock, many maintain so well um okay you know well so okay I mean okay that it was a device created out of I mean well I mean like uh like um you know you know um tradition and need. , 'hammock' comes from the word um so so okay so I mean like like well okay 'hamaca' a Taino Indian word which means 'thrown fishing net'.
Thirdly, she was married to Sir John Drummond and like um uh like okay you know okay uh well uh lastly, to Sir Robert Stewart, 1st Duke of Albany (son well okay I mean okay well okay uh I mean like so of Robert II Stewart, King of Scotland and Elizabeth Mure of Rowallan).
During the harvest season, the village transforms into a beehive like I mean well okay okay uh uh I mean um like of activity with scores of buyers, sellers, um so okay um you know like like okay well okay traders and brokers swarming around the village and farmers' fields.
Norbert Elias (born June 22, 1897 in Breslau, Germany okay uh so like well I mean you know um so I mean ( now Wroclaw, Poland); died August 1, 1990 in Amsterdam uh okay well you know uh like okay you know uh okay ) was a German sociologist whose work focused on the relationship between power, behavior, emotion, and knowledge over time.
Paeroa Street Circuit is a 'Hacksaw' shape temporary street um okay okay uh you know you know so um so you know circuit in downtown Paeroa, New Zealand for motorcycle racing runs I mean so you know you know well you know you know uh um so around Belmont Road, Normanby Road, State Highway 2, right turn so like so uh like like I mean um you know you know into Arney Street and go over the hill into Princes Street.
The conflicts portrayed in the movie are all real conflicts in um well like you know um well um okay you know I mean real countries, particularly those in Lebanon, Sudan, Cambodia, Afghanistan, Liberia, and Sierra Leone.
Starting on 2 August 1941, he served as like like so like uh well okay like uh um the Chief of Staff of the 3rd Army and participated in the Battle of Moscow.
Beka also is very nervous around strangers and has trouble like you know so you know okay I mean like okay so well with public speaking she sees this as her greatest flaw.
Salatin grazes his cattle and pigs outdoors within small pastures so okay okay like well like you know well I mean I mean enclosed by high - tech, electrified fencing that is easily and like uh you know uh okay you know you know okay I mean like daily moved to ensure that the animals always have fresh grass.
Hessam Nowzari is the Director of the University of Southern so well um you know okay like um uh so you know California Advanced Periodontics program, since 1995, and is a Diplomate of the American Board of Periodontology.
Local folklore claims that the town has a very uh like you know like so well you know I mean okay so unusual and unique feature, a stream running along like like okay uh um you know okay okay well you know either side of Fore Street, one of which eventually flows into the Bristol Channel and the other eventually reaches the English Channel.
Disher notes that Monk said that the killer was 6 '1', heavyset, I mean uh okay well so uh you know well uh uh with sandy hair, and he was wearing a so well okay uh like like uh well uh well leather jacket, and he also smelled of rum, like he had been drinking.
'Day Is Done' is the fifth track from the album 'Five Leaves Left' by the British folk musician Nick Drake.
Born Hanna Marilyn Mohr in Chicago, Beck moved with well like like I mean so you know you know uh you know I mean her parents, older brother and younger sister to Los um like um like you know so uh you know well uh Angeles as a young child and studied journalism at the University of Southern California.
He attended the public schools, and taught for seven years.
The first known use of the term 'cottage cheese' so okay you know you know um so um okay I mean I mean dates back to 1831 and is believed to have originated well okay I mean I mean you know um I mean I mean um I mean because the simple cheese was usually made in cottages from any milk left over after making butter.
The press gang, a group of 10 - 12 um uh well you know so like um uh you know well men, led by an officer, would roam the okay uh like okay um well um um you know uh streets looking for likely 'volunteers', merchant seamen were well uh uh so okay okay well um okay okay particularly prized as they already had seagoing experience and needed less training.
The E-class carriages were slowly phased out of okay okay uh um I mean uh okay so okay well service from the 1980's as part of the 'New you know um you know you know you know okay well you know uh well Deal' reforms of passenger rail operations, with the okay you know okay so okay okay okay um so like last regular train they worked being the 5: 40 um you know uh you know uh uh uh okay um uh pm V / Line South Geelong service on 24 December 1991.
David Hare is often noted for his critical views so so okay like um uh like I mean you know okay of British society (2, 3), and although 'Amy's View' is certainly um so um uh um like um um um so a softer example of his cultural and political commentary, it does not escape the theme.
During WWI he was appointed Director General of Military I mean um I mean so so uh well like um uh Railways and in that capacity had charge of the organization and dispatch to France of all American railway forces and supplies.
Randall was born in Cincinatti, Ohio in 1909, his family moved to Orlando, Florida in 1916.
By his people he was known as a god, pleople would bow to down to him as he was carried by.
He was one of the forefront leaders of the multimedia revolution okay you know okay well so well uh well you know uh in the San Francisco Bay Area, where the you know like um um so well okay so well well traditional arts of storytelling, poetry, illustration, and the fine arts really started to be integrated into emerging digital technologies.
Chicanismo was shaped by a number of intellectuals and okay like okay uh um uh uh you know um so influential activists as well as by the artistic and well I mean like okay um um okay so like okay political sphere, and the many contributors to the ideology collaborated you know so uh um you know well you know um uh I mean to create a strong sense of self - identity within the Chicano community.
On 16 July 1935, 'Revenge' was part of the Naval I mean like uh I mean um so like so so you know Review of 160 warships at Spithead in celebration of you know okay like like um you know um um um uh the Silver Jubilee of George V. Later in 1935 she was okay like so like you know so like well okay like stationed at Alexandria due to potential dangers posed by the Second Italo - Abyssinian War.
Montagny - en - Vexin is a village in okay I mean you know like like I mean like uh okay uh Picardie 'région' (France); it takes its name from Vexin, a former province between Île - de - France and Normandy.
The total investment is estimated to be 270 billion well well uh I mean like so well uh well you know RMB (around 40 billion USD), which is much more expensive than building new rail road for coal transportation.
In a video statement released supporting Donald Trump, she you know I mean okay like I mean um um um um you know called protectionism and autarky far superior compared to free uh okay like uh um like I mean you know so so trade and that supports the United States withdrawing from NAFTA, TPP, TTIP, and other trade agreements.
McTavish went on to co-host the show until I mean well um you know uh I mean okay so I mean like her departure from STV on 15 May 2009, shortly before I mean like so okay so okay like I mean well well the programme is due to be axed and replaced by an hour - long version entitled 'The Hour'.
Others have argued that the settlement was arguably uh well okay I mean I mean uh you know well like you know the most generous afforded by the United States to well okay I mean I mean so okay okay uh okay okay a Native group, and point out that some of well I mean um like uh um like well well um the largest and most profitable corporations in the state are the twelve created by ANCSA.
The National Trust for Historic Preservation has included the hotel well so well like I mean well okay um I mean like in its Historic Hotels of America program and the American Society like I mean okay uh okay you know I mean I mean I mean um of Civil Engineers designated the hotel as a National Historic Civil Engineering Landmark.
Most users of PEMF therapy learn about the device and so you know so like so like like like so like purchase directly from the internet and it's use is not covered by health insurance or government assistance.
Although very little of her is known and published well okay okay you know like well you know so you know um she was known to be present at her husband's investment okay okay well so like okay uh I mean you know uh ceremony at Westminster Hall and may have been okay well um you know well um okay well I mean like called 'protectress', though it appears she undertook very few duties during Richard's short nine - month reign.
She began her career as a reporter at Steven Brill's so like you know you know um okay like uh uh you know 'The American Lawyer', then created the webzine 'Tag', an online community of artists and writers.
The inquests at the Department of Forensic Medicine so I mean so um okay uh uh uh okay you know showed that at least the 14 men mentioned in the parish you know you know you know okay uh okay well okay okay okay registers of Bispebjerg and Års were executed with shots to the so well well um you know I mean like you know like you know chest, with two men receiving three respectively four gunshot wounds.
Newport State Airport is one of six active airports operated by like um um so well you know uh well um uh the Rhode Island Airport Corporation, the other five being T. F um you know uh so so okay you know okay so well. Green State Airport, North Central State Airport, Westerly State Airport, Quonset State Airport, and Block Island State Airport.
The only surival for the crew is to escape uh um well like like okay I mean I mean so like using a different DST, placed in a remote so well I mean like you know uh I mean I mean okay uh location, much of the crew are lost or killed um uh you know well I mean uh you know like like like in gruesome ways as they venture through the death planet.
Since 2011, Ghenea has been the image of TRE - you know um you know well uh uh uh you know okay like Italy mobile company, and has appeared in many commercials you know you know so uh okay I mean uh I mean well okay with Raoul Bova; also in 2011 Ghenea became the um um um well um like like I mean well you know image of dance clothing DEHA and of vintage racing cars Mille Miglia.
Though not powerful in the way of action, Ma uh I mean well like so like you know you know um well - Ti's power is considered by some okay uh okay okay um like I mean like um okay to be the most important, for it keeps the Planeteers you know I mean you know um so like well so you know I mean together and helps them to be in tune with not just nature, but the people with whom they interact.
The Southern Tutchone name for the Tatshenshini River, 'Shäwshe Chù', well you know so so well well so okay okay so is derived from the Southern Tutchone village of Shäwshe, the you know uh I mean okay well um um I mean well you know site of which was located adjacent to Dalton's trading post.
In the 2012 European Championships, Mellberg scored in in the so I mean uh um you know well um okay so like 59th minute of their match against England in the I mean you know um okay well I mean I mean I mean so okay group stages to give Sweden a 2 -- 1 lead, however, Sweden went on to lose 2 -- 3.
During the German occupation from 1915 - 1919, the um uh okay um uh I mean like so uh you know population decreased almost by half, and Ventspils did not like well okay uh okay um well uh okay okay reach its former level of prosperity while a part of the First Latvian Republic (1918 - 1940).
In his first professional season led the GCL in like uh like you know I mean you know uh um so well doubles (20) and ranked third in extra-base hits (22)... Posted a like uh uh like I mean okay you know okay um like 5x5 game with five doubles, three runs scored and three RBI on July 17, 2003 at GCL Twins.
The original distance of the race was 2, 200 uh um so like like uh well you know you know okay metres (1 mile 3 furlongs), which was cut like okay um uh well like well you know well I mean to 1, 600 metres in 1952 when it became uh okay well so well I mean I mean you know like so a trial race for the Poule d'Essai des Poulains.
The site is a long section of the Narew okay um I mean you know like you know well so well you know River that is a natural swampy valley and moraine hills typical of a braided river.
Kick - off was preceeded by performances including Kate um so well okay I mean well um um I mean um Ceberano singing 'True Colours' (a theme throughout the World Cup), you know so um you know you know okay you know like so like the Sydney's Children Choir and the Rugby World Choir singing 'The World in Union'.
Largely due to the poor economic conditions of New Haven you know uh uh well like uh you know uh well okay in the 1970s and 1980s, 'The Record' sputtered along, um I mean like so I mean okay you know well uh um foundered and was revived numerous times during the 1970s and 1980s, but in 1990, Michael Gerber revived 'The Record' for good.
Durham East was a former federal electoral district represented in well okay okay you know I mean I mean like I mean so well the Canadian House of Commons, and located in the province of Ontario.
One or more consecutive groups of zero value may be replaced so okay uh so so okay like well uh you know with a single empty group using two consecutive colons well well well well you know you know well you know like like (: : ), but the substitution may only be applied well you know okay I mean you know I mean you know you know uh okay once in the address, because multiple occurrences would create an ambiguous representation.
Ust - Izhora (Russian: Усть - Ижо́ра) is situated like you know okay like um um like uh like okay at the confluence of River Izhora into River Neva, approximately so I mean you know like so so you know uh um uh halfways between Saint Petersburg and Schlisselburg, some 30 kilometers from I mean like you know uh I mean um okay well okay um both Gulf of Finland in the west and Lake Ladoga in the north - east.
In the 1805 War of the Third Coalition, as commander of you know okay um uh okay I mean so okay um um division of dragoons, he participated in the Battle so okay uh like uh like like like I mean uh of Elchingen and later the Battle of Ulm, and six well uh well so uh okay so you know you know uh weeks later, the Battle of Austerlitz, where he made several brilliant and timely charges.
The two schools first played each other at Mackay okay okay I mean so like well like you know uh well Stadium in Reno on Thanksgiving Day, 1969, with the um um um you know I mean you know okay I mean uh um Wolf Pack winning 30 - 28, however the teams like um like like okay okay um uh uh so did not compete for the cannon until 1970 when the Rebels won 42 - 30 in Las Vegas.
In late 1969, the northern class comprising 40 Commando I mean uh like so I mean well so so well okay Raiders was deployed to the Pha Khao staging base, accompanied by an experienced CIA case officer.
When the elephant saw the web and thought that I mean I mean okay uh okay uh so I mean you know okay as dust on Lord Shiva and tore them and cleaned the Linga by pouring water.
The boat is currently based in (Saint Malo) (Brittany) and okay so okay you know okay okay um uh uh you know has been re-named to' L'Etoile du Roy '-' The King's Star'.
Nick Hornby, English novelist, author of', British environmental campaigner, swimmer, maritime lawyer and motivational speaker.
Skull Fist was founded in 2006 by Guitarist / Singer um okay I mean uh so you know uh well so well Jackie Slaughter in Toronto Canada the band has seen many line - up changes leaving Slaughter the sole consistant member.
Helen Elizabeth Mason OBE is a British theoretical physicist you know I mean uh so so so so well like um at the Department of Applied Mathematics and Theoretical Physics like like so like well like okay well you know like at the University of Cambridge holds a Personal Readership in Solar Physics.
St. Molaga was reputed to have brought beekeeping / honey uh well um um so I mean like like I mean like to Ireland - honey production is still evident in the area.
Polo has been played in Malaysia and Singapore, both of which are uh I mean well uh like uh you know like well okay former British colonies, since being introduced to Malaya in during the late 19th century.
Facilities at the school include a suite of teaching like like I mean so I mean um I mean I mean like um and research laboratories dedicated to soil, water and pollen research, alongside field equipment stores, cold rooms and DEFRA approved soil rooms.
Kurosaki, p. 20 In the past, the Mbinga Cooperation Union uh you know uh like okay uh so uh well I mean (MBICU) was responsible for supporting the coffee industry amongst the like well okay um well okay okay I mean like like Matengo farmers but in 1993 following economic liberalisation they filed uh I mean so I mean okay you know um um like you know for bankruptcy as they could not compete with the private growers.
The schooling bannerfish, or false moorish idol, is a marine fish uh you know like you know I mean okay okay you know um well native to areas near Africa, that is sometimes traded, in okay uh so okay um I mean you know I mean um well aquaria, as a less expensive alternative to actual moorish idols.
Surprisingly he remained fit in form, which was possibly due to his supposed physical transformation.
'Eden Black' was grown from seed in the so you know um I mean so well so well uh I mean late 1980s by Stephen Morley, under his conditions it produces pitchers that are almost completley black.
At one time, there were over 1, 000 credit uh well okay like you know uh uh so so I mean counseling agencies; today, there are fewer than 300 active organizations in the United States.
It is the thirteenth separate entry in Falcom's long - running um uh you know like you know I mean uh so I mean like 'The Legend of Heroes', and a direct sequel to the prior I mean I mean uh like so so like okay so well two entries, 'Trails of Cold Steel' and 'Trails of Cold Steel II'.
The Olive - throated Parakeet ( 'Aratinga nana' ), well so like well uh so like um I mean like also known as the Jamaican Parakeet and Aztec Parakeet, is a species of parrot in the Psittacidae family.
Traditionally animated backgrounds were sketched and painted by you know okay well well I mean um so well okay uh Perifel, with assistance from Zaarour, while a computer - animated background was created by Nguyen.
In the Twinkling of an Eye / Countdown okay um okay like uh well I mean well you know I mean to the Earth's Last Days is the 3rd prequel novel you know like uh like okay well you know like I mean uh in the Left Behind series, written by Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins in 2006.
Another Chinese mathematician Cheng Dawei published the book 'General Source so so like uh well you know okay well I mean um of Computational Methods' in this book a poem is provided to solve a simple remainder problem.
The organization merged with a chamber in neighboring uh okay like uh so you know I mean um um like Menominee, Michigan in 2005, and now includes more than 400 member businesses.
Clark's having been denied leave by the Star after well I mean you know um uh uh okay well okay well the death of his first son (Murray Clark) may have inspired his move in 1945.
Crabb was educated at local primary schools and from um okay uh I mean okay okay uh well um so 1984 to 1991 at Tasker Milward School, a voluntary controlled state secondary school in Haverfordwest.
A geologic map or geological map is a special so you know uh so like um okay like like uh - purpose map made to show geological the strata uh so okay you know um well um you know um uh are extremely fractured, mixed, in some discontinuities, or where they are otherwise disturbed.
During the 1970s he moved to Mooney Aircraft where he worked on well so I mean okay you know um I mean uh you know I mean newer versions of the Mooney 201 and its larger cousins, the 231, 252 and 301.
The marriage had become unhappy and the couple lived more so um you know like like you know okay uh uh okay or less separate lives, and the couple separated uh like okay uh like you know so so well you know completely after a last attempt to have another son, which, however, resulted in their daughter Clementine.
Partway through the recording process of the album, Slipknot returned to uh uh I mean I mean you know um um okay so you know Des Moines, Iowa for the Christmas period, during which guitarist Brainard decided to leave the band.
Mutual funds play an important role in U. S you know um well so you know um like well well I mean. Household finances; by the end of 2013, funds accounted for 22 % of household financial assets.
His paintings are in many private and I mean I mean okay okay like I mean well you know I mean you know several public collections, among them, Indiana State University, Terre I mean I mean uh um like so okay I mean um well Haute, Passaic County Community College Permanent Collection of Contemporary Art and the Schacknow Museum of Fine Art, Plantation, Florida.
The primary health care facilities for the village are at so I mean uh you know um okay I mean you know I mean uh al - Kum designated by the Ministry of Health as um well okay I mean like I mean you know like I mean so level 1, close by is Deir Sammit where the primary healthcare facilities are at level 2.
Because of his elegant football and his thin voice, he was like okay like I mean um like um um um like known as 'The Violin', He also played for the Brazilian national team several times in the 1960s.
He wrote five novels, of which the best - like like well you know so you know uh okay okay well known was 'Land Under England', a science - fiction account well well so you know I mean I mean so uh um uh of a totalitarian society ruled by telepathic mind control, cited by uh like uh so well you know I mean okay I mean okay Karl Edward Wagner as one of the thirteen best science - fiction horror novels.
The Ascot Innova remained in production until 1996, while well well uh you know okay um um okay like like the European Accord saloon continued until 1998, when it was replaced with an all - new model.
From here, Dr. Mark Frank went on to like like you know um so uh I mean uh you know uh study hours of video footage of criminals, studying how criminals okay um uh well like uh like like okay well interacted, he learned to pick up on subtle micro uh you know I mean well well I mean like well so okay expressions that leak out when people are telling a lie.
Through its faculties and independent schools, Windsor's primary research I mean I mean like well so you know um so so well interests focus on automotive, environmental, and social justice research, I mean well okay you know well I mean well well um uh yet it has increasingly began focusing on health, natural science, and entrepreneurship research.
He was first elected to the House of Representatives in so um okay like like like um well um so 1976, and prior to his election as Speaker served in other like uh uh well like I mean like um I mean I mean positions in the Democratic Caucus such as chairman of the Rules Committee, I mean I mean I mean okay um you know you know you know I mean so Majority Floor Leader, and chairman of the Rural West Tennessee Democratic Caucus.
Ettore Messina (born September 30, 1959) is like uh I mean okay like um okay like uh so an Italian basketball coach that currently serves as I mean uh I mean well um you know you know um uh you know head coach of CSKA Moscow in Russia, leading them um um um I mean uh uh okay uh uh um to the 2006 Euroleague title in his first season there.
APM1 is allocated to Tuen Mun Depot and initially serving so uh okay well you know like like well you know so in route 68X (Yuen Long ( East) - Jordan you know so well so like you know like okay I mean so Wui Cheung Road ), but it is now becoming a spare bus of the depot and is used occasionally.
As it has ideological differences from ISIL (namely its degree I mean well uh like well uh well so so okay of tameness in comparison) and was competing for the um okay uh you know you know um um well uh I mean same territory, it has run afoul with ISIL and well I mean okay uh like like okay so like so become one of many other adversaries for the group.
In the second week of October 2012 about 42, like well so um well so uh um uh so 500 journeys were made, dropping to 23, 000 for the same week in 2013.
Later he was the lead singer of the pop band like I mean uh well okay you know you know okay I mean I mean 'Mabel', who recorded four albums and was popular in Denmark and Spain, with Mike receiving 'teen idol' status.
The second Provincial Congress assembled in November of like uh um uh okay I mean so you know like well 1775, and Salvador pressed for its members to instruct well like so I mean so uh I mean okay you know you know the colony's delegation to the Continental Congress to cast their vote for independence.
MindGenius contains a series of export features to MS Office applications such as Word, PowerPoint, PDF and Project.
In 2006 Simon Raymonde, the former member of the uh uh okay uh okay you know uh you know like so Cocteau Twins who runs the Bella Union label, heard like um okay okay well like you know okay you know uh Dosen's music and as a result they worked you know um like you know okay well so like uh well together on the music that became Dosen's album 'A Lily For The Spectre'.
Melbourne will play 14 games at the MCG, 11 well so uh okay uh okay uh um well I mean of those will be home games, they will also uh uh so I mean like uh um uh you know I mean be hosting a game at TIO Stadium in Darwin against Port Adelaide in round 9.
His activism may have stemmed from his late grandfather, Andre okay so I mean like you know so okay I mean like like Gaudry, one of the eight guiders that took Sioux I mean well you know I mean I mean like you know like you know so Chief Sitting Bull back to America due to bad living conditions and starvation.
Eugenio Bianchi (born 1979) is an Italian theoretical I mean you know uh well um okay I mean um you know like physicist and a Banting Postdoctoral Fellow at the Perimeter okay okay like I mean um I mean okay uh well I mean Institute for Theoretical Physics who works on loop quantum gravity and black hole thermodynamics.
Michel only made his league debut almost a year later, like okay so um like uh I mean um like okay in a 0 - 1 away defeat um so well uh you know well like so uh like against Santos on 13 June 2013; late in the month, the deal was renewed for another year.
During a trip to the US, Margaret Thatcher quoted the you know so so well you know uh like you know you know uh song when talking to an audience with Ronald Reagan, telling them that' You ain't seen nothing yet'.
The pump can not draw more water from the pipe uh well well you know um okay I mean so like okay to which the washer is connected than that source can so uh well well um well um okay okay okay provide: the water supply must be adequate for the um okay so you know um well I mean like so I mean machine connected to it, as water starvation leads to cavitation damage of the pump elements.
Torey married a Chinese woman and lives there for I mean uh um well okay well okay uh uh well twelve years, the fort of Torey was named ELLENA I mean you know okay so I mean you know okay uh so I mean in Kimanis but in 1877 Torey returned to Texas and never come back again.
It was capital of Ilkhanate dynasty since 1265, but it you know okay okay well like you know you know uh um okay was during Ghazan Khan who came to power on 1295 the city reached to its highest splendour.
It has been advanced in modern times by scholars I mean you know okay okay um you know like okay so well such as Meredith G. Kline and Henri Blocher and well I mean like I mean well so you know I mean like okay stands in contrast to more stricyly literalist approaches to the Genesis text.
She also played in several carnival bands and studied music at the Senzoku Gakuen College of Music.
The anterior inferior cerebellar artery (AICA) arises from okay so okay um well I mean um well so you know the basilar artery at the level of the junction between the medulla oblongata and the pons in the brainstem.
The platypus is one of the few mammals to produce venom um uh you know so so um okay um okay so both male and female have a pair of spurs on their hind limbs.
The idea of the show was conceived by Julianne um um I mean like um so you know uh I mean uh Boyd and opened in 1978 receiving positive reviews from 'Time, Newsweek, Variety, Backstage,' and The Today Show.
The service was increased in 5 cars in 1918, like you know like like well so uh uh um okay and in 1926 the Metropolitan took over all Circle line working except for 3 trains on Sundays.
They consider flute as 'a full - fledged member of okay um okay um okay you know well so uh like the Indian classical music family', with its roots as you know I mean I mean like well okay so I mean like I mean a folk instrument having a legendary background to the Mahabharata well okay like like so uh uh like um uh period when Krishna wooed gopis with his bansuri or flute.
'Eazy - Duz - It' is a single by late you know um like well uh um like okay you know um rapper Eazy - E, from his album of so like okay like like um you know okay okay I mean the same name, 'Eazy - Duz - It', that well uh um okay uh like okay I mean um so was released in 1989 and written by fellow N. W. A group mate, MC Ren.
Mossynoeci ( Greek Μοσσύνοικοι, 'Mossynoikoi' dwellers in wooden um I mean okay okay you know you know uh uh I mean okay towers' ) is a name that the Greeks um like like I mean so you know um okay uh uh of the Euxine Sea applied to the peoples of Pontus, the northern Anatolian coast west of Trebizond.
Created by a group of several universities in well okay well I mean um like I mean I mean well like the 1960's as a means to pool resources and like um okay okay like so you know okay okay like share facilities, instructors, and equipment, in 1974, the Wallops Island well okay you know well well like I mean so uh um Marine Science Center was established as a shared space for research.
Jazz Summers (15 March 1944 -- 14 August I mean okay uh okay um uh you know you know uh you know 2015) was a manager of pop music acts such as Snow Patrol, The Verve and Klaxons.
The theatre adaptation premiered in March 2014 (Městské uh so you know like uh uh like like like like divadlo Zlín) with huge success and film rights are sold as well.
Puerto Rico awards the Nemesio Canales Award in Literature every so like you know um okay um so um well so year to outstanding young writers, and has named a public housing project in San Juan named after him.
After a successful 2006, Chopra starred in a series of well like um you know um well so so okay I mean commercial and critical failures, such as', 'Love Story I mean uh so I mean like so um so um well 2050' and 'Drona', leading many critics to believe that the end of her career was imminent.
In February 2010, part - way through the West Indies okay um well so okay uh like okay so so cricket season, Powell withdrew from Jamaica's squad for 'personal reasons'; so um uh uh okay um I mean like like so he had struggled for form, taking two wickets at an average of 73. 00.
After the settlement negotiations were unsuccessful, a third trial so you know you know I mean um I mean uh um okay like to determine the amount of damages was set for October 4, 2010.
Due to the minimal damage caused by the storm, okay okay um so um I mean I mean okay like you know the name was not retired and was re-used during I mean okay well you know well well like um well okay the 1967, 1971, 1981, 1987, 1993, 1999 and most recently in 2005.
During World War I he took part uh um you know I mean uh um okay like I mean uh in the landing at Gallipoli, and fought at the okay well like uh so uh okay so you know um Western Front where he was awarded the Military Cross for bravery.
Separate polls covering Northern Ireland are reported further below while so so um uh you know okay you know so okay so polling of individual constituencies and groups of them (such I mean I mean like okay so okay like okay well uh as Scotland, or groups of marginals) is covered in a separate article.
Through the end of July in 1966, Oliva was leading the so so okay uh well um so you know well uh league with a. 328 average, but a 3 - well okay like so um like I mean well so well for - 32 slump in the middle of September cost him a chance at his third straight batting title.
DeMarco Murray attended Bishop Gorman High School in Las Vegas, well uh so uh you know okay okay okay you know like Nevada, where he was an all - conference pick three consecutive years.
Flooding in Virginia from heavy rainfall damaged about 182 businesses and well I mean okay you know so uh well you know like well 9, 250 houses, left of standing water um so I mean like you know well uh so you know you know in Franklin, and caused 3 deaths and $ 101 million in losses.
TBS has picked up the series for two seasons, like so okay I mean so um okay like uh um the first, a 15 - episode 11th season, is slated to begin airing in October 20, 2014.
On the next day German troops crossed the border of Austria, okay so well you know uh well um so uh okay at the telegraphed invitation of Seyss - Inquart, well uh um well well um well uh I mean you know the latter communique having been arranged after the like um I mean so you know you know uh uh uh I mean troops had begun to march, so as to justify the action in the eyes of the international community.
In 2011, Evans played the Marvel Comics character uh uh I mean uh I mean like so um uh uh Captain America in', and starred in the film 'What's okay okay you know uh like I mean like like okay I mean Your Number? ', a romantic comedy co-starring Anna Faris.
Following the assassination, a video of four men calling themselves the Ukrainian Misanthropic Division appeared online, the men claimed responsibility for the attack.
It is a popular misconception that these lakes are well well like so I mean um you know like uh um filled via the Nepean River but they are actually filled via rain water and ground water.
The fight continued the following day, August 23, with four 'blue you know like you know okay um okay okay so okay so jackets' and 14 warriors wounded (one of them killed), until okay like um you know so okay um okay well okay Nokoni and Kiowa retreated, burning the prairie and killing some white men near Anadarko and along the Beaver Creek.
The referendum had weakened, not strengthened, confidence in the parliamentary like you know um you know so uh you know I mean like uh system and had created expectations that could not be fulfilled.
Anne Edwards 'biography of Maria Callas (' Callas', 2001 um uh you know uh like uh okay like um I mean ) claims both that Maxwell introduced Callas to so so okay you know like okay uh I mean okay I mean Aristotle Onassis, and also that Maxwell was a lesbian who tried to seduce Callas herself.
While Sookie cleans Hadley's apartment, Quinn arrives, he's also investigating well I mean like I mean um well like well so like Purifoy's attack, as the young were was his employee in his event - planning business.
His expertise is vital in the battle for you know okay well well um well well uh well you know Liangshan's cause of 'delivering justice on Heaven's behalf', and the heroes rely heavily on him for battle plans.
Elorza's parents immigrated from Guatemala in 1975, and Elorza grew up in the West End of Providence, Rhode Island.
Hordak took the infant girl, Skeletor was to take I mean so well okay uh you know okay like okay like the boy, but they were confronted by Man - At - Arms before the boy could be taken.
Because of his influence and efforts Mahatma Gandhi made his um you know like okay well I mean like okay uh you know visit to Mysore State in 1932 while, he visited Tagadur um okay like um um okay well okay okay okay and a village nearby - Badanavalu village in Nanjangud Taluk of Mysore district.
He joined a firm of art dealers in London and, in 1963, was found dead in an apparent suicide.
The latest census of Nauru was conducted in 2011 where population had reached ten thousand.
In 1996 (and 2009) he received the Humboldt Award by the you know okay um um I mean you know so um well uh Humboldt Stiftung, receiving also a Lady Davis Fellowship at the okay uh so I mean well uh um okay uh uh Hebrew University in 2006 and also 2012, as well as honorary medals from Kairo University and the University of Qatar.
Music Station Super Live is held late December um like you know so I mean I mean uh I mean you know so normally occurring just before or just after Christmas, in 1998, it occurred on Christmas Day.
Karl Ludwig August Friedrich Maximilian Alfred, Freiherr von Prel, okay um so you know well so well uh like I mean or, in French, Carl Ludwig August Friedrich Maximilian Alfred, Baron well um okay okay well like I mean okay so well du Prel (April 3, 1839 -- August 4, 1899), was a German philosopher and writer on mysticism and the occult.
Menard was born in Kaskaskia, Illinois to French Creole so um you know okay well you know well I mean uh okay parents and one of his ancestors was Michel Branamour um um well you know um okay okay I mean well well Menard, a French fur trader and a founder of Galveston, Texas.
Their 1988 follow - up '1 - 2 - 1' was okay so okay uh okay uh I mean well um um a more guitar based pop album that also became a uh I mean uh well uh well so um well okay smash hit sending the hits 'Hold Me Now' and 'Do You Believe' into the Canadian Top 40.
Warren's retirement as bishop was precipated by Doreen suffering a stroke I mean you know you know well um like I mean I mean well okay in 1964 which left her paralysed and unable to speak, he cared for her for the rest of her life.
Reynolds founded Global Environmental Energy Corp. , a public well well so you know uh um uh I mean uh like company listed in the USA and Europe: and spearheaded like you know well um like like you know okay well I mean the companies involvement in N. Africa and North East um so okay okay well well you know like so um Asia, before retiring due to ill health and leaving McCormack to commercialize the technology.
The characters in the novel do not hold as much uh uh you know well you know um like uh uh well textual importance as the things ( 'les choses' so so like so you know um okay uh like like ) meticulously described throughout, which are the subject of frequent digressions even in passages focusing on the main characters.
Tyldesley (or) is a town in the Metropolitan Borough um you know you know so I mean uh well I mean you know uh of Wigan, Greater Manchester, England, north of Chat Moss near you know um I mean um well uh um okay so so the foothills of the West Pennine Moors, east - southeast of Wigan and west - northwest of Manchester.
He served also as First Lord of the Admiralty in like so you know so um okay uh well so well the first two governments of Lord Salisbury (1885 - 1886; I mean I mean uh okay so so so um so you know 1886 - 1892), and as Secretary of State for like okay well uh well okay you know like okay I mean India in Salisbury's last and under Balfour (1895 - 1903).
This cartoon also marks the final appearance of Spike like um okay I mean okay well um um well well in the MGM era, in the 2006 short The KarateGuard Spike appears again.
Several splitting of regencies occurred in 2003 and 2007, and as like um well you know you know well well you know you know uh of 2007, the list of regencies and cities in Gorontalo province is given in the table below.
The Coast Guard produces 179 NAPs during the war and later trained 37 NAPs between 1945 and 1948.
Cholevas joined Olympiacos for a fee of around 500, okay um well okay so um like so um um 000 € plus 200, 000 € future incentives, signing uh I mean well um you know I mean um uh I mean like a 3 - year contract on a 200, 000 € annual salary, with a 20 % annual increase clause.
Lexington Police stopped Harrellson from throwing a fine pair of you know I mean like so like okay so uh so you know 'jorts' after the team returned from Newark, New Jersey after dispatching the Tarheels of North Carolina in the Elite 8.
Though the tiger looked like it was more aggressive than the so like well you know I mean so so I mean um uh lion, their struggle became more like that of dogs unable uh well um well you know so well like um um to beat each other, and they moved away from the witness, towards the creek.
Jennings achieved national prominence in the late 19th century, I mean like like so you know um you know I mean well like among his good horses was, 1887 Preakness Stakes winner Dunboyne, whom he bred, owned and trained.
The traditional territories of the Musqueam and Tsleil'waututh lie uh you know um I mean you know well um okay uh you know completely within the region; the southern portion of Skwxwu7mesh (Squamish) I mean so uh um uh uh well I mean okay you know traditional territory is also in the region -- its claims overlap those of the Tsleil - waututh, Musqueam, and Kwekwitlem.
KEWE - AM 1340 is a radio station based in Chico, California and licensed to Oroville, California, USA.
They held a distinct knowledge of celestial sciences so uh like like like um okay I mean so like that found form in their architect a congregational space like um I mean you know well so I mean well I mean um that was used chiefly for ceremonial purposes, was an integral part of this ancient people's community structure.
From here, passengers will be able to connect to I mean you know I mean okay um uh um so you know okay Kalindi Kunj and Noida Botanical Garden using the new line.
In 2003 he collaborated with Amber Benson to stage the play uh well like well like well you know you know uh so 'Albert Hall' in Los Angeles, California for Noah Wyle's 'Blank Theatre Company' and Schuldt's 'Lone Star Ensemble'.
He was still on good terms with Lauderdale, and backed okay like uh so so well uh I mean like well him against the other main party on the Privy Council, um okay um like like like okay okay I mean uh headed by the 7th Earl of Rothes: in September he wrote to Lauderdale urging him to secure Rothes's resignation of the commissionership.
While filling with water, cracks begin to appear in the so so I mean you know okay um you know I mean uh uh dam on its upstream heel when the reservoir level uh well well um you know so um well so uh was below its maximum operating level of above sea level.
Joseph Lambert Eustace (February 28, 1908 - November um you know well well I mean okay you know um I mean okay 2, 1996) was born as the second son of Reynold you know okay um well uh you know okay you know you know well Lambert Eustace and Beatrice St. Hilaire Eustace of Mayreau in the St. Vincent Grenadines.
The National Science Education Standards (NSES) (1996) outlines six uh so um uh so I mean so like well um important aspects pivotal to inquiry learning in science education.
Track two, 'New Blues Old Bruise', features 'sampled uh I mean well um uh um uh so you know so chorus effects' on its vocals created and a 'moody' uh you know you know well you know you know I mean so okay uh production that was compared to the works of English rock band Pink Floyd.
Glues Jerrimatt's wings together; his name and four of so so um like so like so okay you know uh his brothers make up Rachel's summoning name in 'For a Few Demons More'.
Life TV (known as Liberty TV until 5 October 2001) um I mean um like like well like I mean uh okay was a British television channel owned and operated I mean okay well uh so you know uh so you know so by Life TV Media, it launched in October 2000 and was the first television channel from the company.
The Fox Chase - Newtown Rapid Transit Line ended operations well okay like well I mean okay like like well so with little fanfare, as SEPTA management turned their um I mean okay okay so like well you know I mean so attention to the electrified commuter lines they began operating you know I mean I mean um well you know um uh like I mean on January 1, 1983 (14 days before the end of Fox Chase - Newtown service).
Alabbar is a Board Member of Abu Dhabi - well well um so um uh so okay I mean like based Eagle Hills and he also acts as a so you know uh well so so like like I mean okay top adviser to Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, the leader of Dubai.
Tyson would continue to dominate the fight into round 5 well okay uh so I mean you know okay so like I mean and, with a minute left in the round, would continuously attack Bruno with powerful combinations.
Purchasing loyalty increases at higher levels of the Pyramid uh um uh like uh you know I mean uh like I mean - consumers at the level of Bonding are likely to be active advocates of the brand.
Many universities have undergraduate and graduate degree programs in uh um uh like so you know uh like so uh actuarial science, and these programs usually have highly specialized coursework like well you know so like okay okay well I mean you know schedules and series of exam preparation courses to prepare students for the actuarial exams and the insurance industry.
The Nazi emphasis was on creating the image, that so uh uh um um um okay uh so so Germany and Germanness are equal to Nazism, thus all non-Nazi okay like I mean you know so well I mean well okay well aspects of German culture and identity were discriminated against as un-German.
Most recently, the 1991 explosion of Mount Pinatubo, another stratovolcano okay you know like you know uh so so um okay okay (located in the Philippines), cooled global temperatures for about uh I mean like okay well uh uh so you know I mean 2 - 3 years, interrupting the trend of global warming which had been evident since about 1970.
He also owned two haciendas near Cali, called 'La Manuelita' well uh um you know well um like okay so so and 'El Paraíso' the latter would provide the setting for 'María'.
She began her career at Lindeberg SK, later joined um um you know uh so so you know like well like Trosterud, she then transferred to Vålerenga, where she um I mean um um okay you know well so you know uh played up to December 1999, and then um you know um well um um you know well okay you know in January 2000 signed a contract with Asker SK, a successful Toppserien team that in 2005 won the Norwegian Cup.
In 2009, Alia Vox published a CD and booklet of like well like um um so so uh like um music performed by the Hespèrion XXI ensemble, including seven of Cantemir's compositions along with other Turkish, Armenian and Sephardic music.
Its distinctive case shape and clear dials make uh well um like okay so well uh you know okay it an irresistibly stylish piece. Rk and inspiration I mean uh well like um okay uh like like like since the late 19 th century, this striking image becoming firmly established as the 'Lovers' trademark.
Throughout the meal, the side dishes are served you know so you know you know you know I mean okay you know okay like and eaten with the courses, depending upon one's taste like um well uh you know um uh you know well like or choice; side dishes are constantly replenished during any meal.
Mission Bay is served by the N Judah line of um I mean well like okay well you know you know so you know San Francisco's Muni Metro and the Caltrain rail well well okay okay like so um uh uh you know system that runs between San Francisco and San Jose / Gilroy.
Licensed to McArthur, Ohio, USA, the station is currently owned uh well I mean I mean okay um um you know I mean okay by Davis Broadcasting Media, Inc. And features programming from Westwood One.
So it was up to private individuals to provide um you know um you know I mean okay you know like okay okay priests, temples, sacrifices for other deities and it was for so well so I mean uh well so well I mean okay this purpose that many of the religious clubs were created.
The levels of endemism and that of species richness are I mean okay so okay um um like like uh like frequently positive correlated; however, in some oceanic islands, there is high I mean well well so I mean um okay okay I mean like levels of endemism but the levels of species richness are quite low.
Katarina Srebotnik and Ai Sugiyama were the defending champions, well I mean you know you know you know uh uh like so you know but Sugiyama retired from the sport on Friday, October 02, 2009.
The history of the famous Valley of you know I mean uh like okay you know like you know um you know the Muses on the eastern slopes of Mount Helicon you know like well I mean so you know you know you know uh well began in the 6th century B. C. Its greatest period I mean okay um so okay like uh okay well okay began from the 3rd century B. C. Onwards because of the okay okay um you know um well you know well I mean like 'Mouseia', festivals established and organised every 5 years by the Thespians.
One monument to cinema still remains just off the Elephant The you know I mean okay um uh okay so well well I mean Cinema Museum a volunteer - run museum with screenings for you know you know like so well um well so okay um the public of classic cinema and a vast collection of cinema memorabilia.
Alpha Circini (α Cir, α Circini) is a variable I mean um um uh so okay like uh like you know star in the southern circumpolar constellation of Circinus, belonging to the class of rapidly oscillating Ap stars.
True Tales of Love, Lust, and Friendship Between Straight Women okay okay okay you know uh okay uh um okay so and Gay Men' features works by Andrew Solomon, Cindy Chupack, Ayelet Waldman, like well well well so like uh you know well uh Simon Doonan, David Ebershoff, Gigi Levangie Grazer, K. M. Soehnlein and others.
Mississippi Mills, was expelled from his party's caucus on okay you know um well like like you know um uh well May 28, 2017 for having made controversial comments and announced he had joined the Trillium Party.
Because of this Congressional Act, the MA rating is recognized so like well okay like well like like I mean um as one of the 'oldest' rating still existing in today's so okay um well like okay I mean okay well uh modern U. S. Navy, which includes Boatswain's Mate (United States Navy), Gunner's Mate, Quartermaster, and Yeoman.
Red Fife was considered the 'Queen of every harvest for I mean okay so okay uh um you know you know you know well 40 years or more', but Red Fife is a well like so so I mean I mean so uh I mean so landrace and did not meet the variety registration requirements for uniformity and stability.
Her younger son, Sigismund Rákóczi (1622 - 1652), was married to well uh I mean okay uh I mean so okay okay uh the daughter of Elizabeth of Bohemia, Henriette Marie of Palatinate, and the older one, George II Rákóczi, became Prince of Transylvania.
As a first - year law student in 1891, Crawford uh um I mean I mean you know um uh you know well like (with Mike Murphy) coached the Michigan football team to a 4 -- 5 record.
It is endemic to Fiji, where it breeds on all the islands except Rotuma.
Their parents, the homeowners, have apparently just placed the um so well um well okay okay like okay um home for sale and then gone out of town, okay okay so like you know I mean I mean okay uh uh and the daughter thinks Lacey and Jake have I mean well I mean well I mean um I mean you know so okay been sent by the real estate company to view the house.
In the course of constructing the line, he discovered you know you know uh okay uh okay I mean okay uh you know the Juruena river, in northern Mato Grosso which is an uh like you know I mean um well uh well well you know important tributary of the Tapajós river along with the discovered like well well like like I mean uh okay like okay the Nambikwara tribe, which had until then killed all Westerners they had come in contact with.
In 1800, Davenport Church moved to Pocahontas Island in Petersburg, and renamed itself the Sandy Beach Baptist Church.
King John is said to have had a uh well okay well I mean I mean well well like you know palace in Downton on one of the islands by the Moot so well um uh so um I mean I mean so like when the palace was taken down and the stone is I mean like well like you know so um I mean uh like thought to have been used in the construction called New Court House.
Haines Alaska is a one of the more northern stops so well like you know I mean um so uh well okay for the Alaska_Marine_Highway and many people who travel like like so so I mean um um well so um in winter travel to Haines by ferry to avert travelling the Alcan_Highway (Alaska Highway).
It was directed by Hiro Murai and produced so uh like uh okay like um like so you know by Jason Colon and Danielle Hinde, with editing by Isaac Hagy and cinematographery by Larkin Seiple.
The Pechenegs fought as waves of horse archers, firing arrows uh like well so I mean like so uh okay well continuously, and relying on their wagon laager as a rallying point and last defence.
The park contains extensive woodlands and a series of turloughs with 6 uh um so um so you know so well um well kilometres of signposted nature trails plus a formal late 18th century walled garden.
Chris Coyne is an Australian professional football player who plays so um uh uh like well well you know uh um for Colchester United and for the Australian national football team as a centre back.
The location of the new buildings was chosen to prevent I mean I mean you know like okay um I mean uh I mean you know the reduction in the size of the school's playing so so well okay um you know um so so uh fields, although a new food technology block has been uh well like you know um you know um like you know so built where the athletics area used to be around the back of the school.
It is not a fox, wolf, coyote, dog, or jackal, um so uh so so um okay um I mean um but a distinct canid, although based only on morphological so um well like okay uh I mean so you know well similarities, it previously had been placed in 'Canis' and 'Vulpes' genera.
This production shortens the Wicked Witch's Castle scenes due to well uh I mean so uh so okay like um okay time limit, but uses the musical number' Hail!.
In 1930, while the Western Slovenia was under Italian control, well uh well well like like so uh so okay strategic hills over Pivka were heavily fortified and included uh so you know you know okay um I mean like like like in the Alpine Wall system of defenses, which stretched from the Bay of Genoa to the Kvarner Gulf.
Ilisia is named from the Ilissos river, which rises so um well okay uh uh I mean uh I mean like near Kaisariani on the slopes of Mount Hymettus, and which, I mean um I mean okay so well you know okay um I mean although Athens' historic river, is barely noticeable except in heavy rain.
The units of analysis in lexical semantics are lexical units, which can be free or bound morphemes.
Machine Intelligence 'AI' built to monitor and gather information, I mean like um you know so so so uh well I mean built into the ships' nose cone / antenna / communication section of Genitrix 23/Chalco - Doror.
These vessels have a secondary role involving anti pollution and are still in active service as of September 2014.
Phil Klay (; born 1983 ) is an American writer and like like I mean um uh okay okay um like uh United States Marine officer who won the National Book Award uh so uh uh like uh well um okay um for fiction in 2014 for his first book - length publication, a collection of short stories, 'Redeployment'.
The play famously featured a very young Charlie you know uh like uh I mean um like uh like so Chaplin in one of his very first acting roles during its okay okay um I mean I mean well uh like you know I mean first London production, playing the character of Billy, who, in this movie, is played by Terry Kilburn.
'Ice Cream of Margie (with the Light Blue Hair)' is the I mean like I mean like um okay well I mean so like seventh episode of 'The Simpsons' eighteenth season, originally airing on okay well like so I mean I mean I mean um like well the Fox network in the United States on November 26, 2006.
Realizing the brand is meant for Camerlengo McKenna, they try you know you know you know okay so okay so well uh I mean to call him to warn him but are I mean I mean so I mean you know you know like um well I mean confronted by the assassin who spares their lives since they I mean so um I mean okay okay I mean well you know I mean are not armed and he has not been paid to kill them.
In mid 2011, Federman began moving Octagon Commerce and so like well well um okay I mean I mean like uh most of its then 95 employees from so um you know I mean I mean so okay uh so like Brooklyn to Miami Lakes in Southern Florida, where he had like I mean um well uh like like so okay so refurbished a 100, 000 - square - foot warehouse okay um okay well like okay I mean you know you know you know and announced plans to hire 250 more employees over the next three years.
A subscription (Gold Membership) option is available for frequent players, allowing access to more activities than a free member.
There they remained in service until the military reforms you know well um well I mean you know you know uh like I mean of Nikita Khrushchev were enacted, favouring more effective okay um so okay I mean well okay I mean you know so missile systems over the super-heavy artillery and heavy tanks of the Stalinist era.
The two koala species co-existed during the so so like like uh well uh I mean I mean so Pleistocene; the reason for the extinction of the larger of the two about 50, 000 years ago is unknown.
Queen Elizabeth II is the present sovereign and her heir apparent you know uh like uh uh like you know um so you know is her eldest grandson, Prince William, Duke of Cambridge, the Prince of Wales's elder son.
The Showdown at Somerby was a regular golf tournament well so um um like you know okay well like I mean on the Nationwide Tour played at the Somerby Golf Club in Byron, Minnesota, USA.
The goal of this project is to promote connection and you know okay I mean so well I mean I mean um okay I mean celebration as the residents join together in a community that uh like so like well like I mean you know like like is a hub for artists and quality education, picturesque environment, and caring neighbors.
Orpheus is met at the gates to hell by like okay okay like well so I mean okay um okay Charon, here played as a gum - chewing valley girl, like so like well you know I mean okay um uh like who refuses Orpheus entry and tells him to let Eurydice go ( 'Dear Eurydice' ).
Rehberger is a graduate of Hobart and William Smith Colleges, so well uh well well uh I mean well you know I mean and previously served as the weekday co-anchor for WOFL uh I mean like so okay so um you know um like - TV Orlando, FL, and was the morning and noon anchor of KOCO - TV in Oklahoma City, OK.
Lopez directed the film 'A Single Woman', which premiered in the uh I mean um I mean so um so so like so United States Congress and has since been invited to screen at okay I mean um like I mean like okay um well so The Smithsonian Institution, The United Nations, The National Arts Club, and Yale University.
Zhang's grandfather, convinced that Renjie should become an official, purchased um um you know um um okay so I mean you know I mean the office of 'Expectant Daotai' for him, and the family so well um well so well well like you know you know arranged a marriage for him with Yao Hui, and the first of his five daughters was born in 1901.
In 1922, Smith signed million - dollar contract ($ uh like okay well like like like like I mean okay 100, 000 per year for ten years), and in 1935, so well well okay okay so uh okay okay I mean he signed a new contract, giving him $ 150, 000 a year.
Jim Mathias (D - Ocean City) is the Senator uh um okay I mean so well um well uh um - Elect in District 38 of the Maryland State Senate and currently is a Delegate in the Maryland House of Delegates.
This category compiles all pages based solely as a list of you know you know well um okay so uh like um uh members by band; his list does not include discographies, awards or other lists related to an artist.
Nf6, when 7. F4 and 7. Bg5 are the so okay okay um I mean like you know um you know like main possibilities for White; however, 6... D6 is an independent alternative for Black.
In particular, Palmer traveled to Scotland in 1960, having already won you know so uh you know I mean okay uh you know like like both the Masters and U. S. Open, to try to you know so um okay you know um I mean like like so emulate Hogan's feat of 1953, of winning all three in a single year.
'Ten Feet Tall' is a 2014 single by Dutch music okay like um um so you know uh okay like I mean producer and DJ Afrojack featuring the piano playing and um okay I mean okay well okay I mean well you know you know vocals of American artist Wrabel, with 'Ten Feet Tall' becoming the first charting international hit of Wrabel.
From 1985 to 1995 Myśliwiec directed Polish okay you know like so um well so well you know uh - Egyptian excavations at Tell Atrib (the Nile Delta), and well like well okay so so like um like so since 1987 he has been directing a Polish - Egyptian archeological um I mean so uh okay I mean I mean like okay well mission at Saqqara, at the west side of Pharaoh Zoser's Step Pyramid.
Jane P. Gray is a Wake County, North so um well okay okay okay okay like you know um Carolina, United States, district judge from 2002 until retirement in 2012.
Thomas initially attended a Society of Friends school in Baltimore, I mean you know so well well um so okay uh well and then transferred with her cousin Bessie to the Howland you know okay okay like um you know uh I mean I mean um Institute in October 1872, a Quaker boarding school near Ithaca, New York.
Gray left Berwick Rangers at the end of the you know okay you know uh okay um so you know like I mean 2009/10 season and joined Swedish outfit Ostersunds FK after a successful trial period.
Allocating frequently used variables to registers can be critical uh um uh you know like okay so you know um I mean to a program's performance; this register allocation is performed so so you know I mean like I mean you know I mean well you know either by a compiler in the code generation phase, or manually by an assembly language programmer.
Chief Isaak Wan Nikiau, its leader, was quoted like so okay okay you know I mean you know I mean so you know by the BBC from years past as saying that John Frum was 'our God, our Jesus,' and would eventually return.
A hundred years later, on 15 January 1934, uh okay so I mean well you know okay um well like another earthquake completely destroyed the first tower, and only two of the 11 stories of the second tower remained.
Heterotrichs, which are among the largest protozoans, have around well uh you know well well uh well well so um their 'mouths' a spiral of polykinetids, groups of cilia that okay you know like um like well so I mean I mean so work in groups to produce a current that draws food into the 'mouth'.
Howard Devoto, Dave Formula, Barry Adamson and John Doyle um well okay so well okay okay you know so um and former Devoto collaborator Noko on guitar in place of guitarist John McGeoch, who died in 2004.
Her name was struck from the Navy List on 15 so like you know so I mean you know I mean so well um June 1966, and she was sold to Taiwan on 12 July 1966.
Middleton on the Hill is a village in north east Herefordshire, England, near the border with Worcestershire.
He released his results within a day, although testimony I mean you know I mean okay well you know so uh okay like at trial suggested that there was nothing abnormal about the report taking just one day.
She is a popular singer who is considered a so okay I mean you know you know you know um I mean you know you know idol in Japan during the 1970's, and is thought to be representative of that era.
She decides that the next man she will try to well uh well okay so like um okay um I mean seduce will be Richard and while Trish is away uh like uh okay well so okay well I mean uh invites him over to her apartment, where she also serves him a concoction.
There is no Railway station to Walavne, but the well uh so I mean well I mean so um uh okay nearest railway station is one in Ranjangaon Road, one of the small village in Parner taluka.
Animals at Moscow Zoo found it hard to keep well uh I mean okay well okay okay so well you know cool and staff prevented the walruses from bathing in their pool because the water was too warm for them.
After his track days, Hinds signed with the Toronto Argonauts of okay I mean I mean okay you know um so like I mean you know the CFL and played 8 games in 1984 and 1985, before a knee injury ended his football career.
Angelo Soliman (born c. 1721, in present - day Cameroon, I mean so well okay um um okay I mean like like Africa; died 21 November 1796 in Vienna) was the first uh so well well well well okay um I mean you know valet and royal tutor of Aloys I, Prince of Liechtenstein.
Another article of the same decade carrying the headline 'Sooner well I mean um well okay like okay um well like or later Love is defeated by Scandal', enumerates the love like I mean so I mean okay uh like I mean I mean uh affairs of Brigitte Bardot, all the while keeping moralising criticism of the star to a minimum.
Feeling that Alberta was losing a vital part of I mean like so well uh so you know I mean um I mean its heritage, Reynolds extended his collection to include tractors, like I mean like well okay I mean uh like okay okay steam engines and airplanes. Reynlds also kept detailed files on every piece he collected.
His next move was to Bahrain where he was so I mean well I mean I mean um like well okay so appointed as the manager of Al - Ahli well I mean so like okay I mean I mean you know uh okay Club, then Al - Muharraq SC and later Al - Najma.
The Garnet Orb is the last talisman to appear and it belongs to Setsuna Meioh.
The video is a re-edit of the original, which was directed by Paul Hunter.
There was a further restoration carried out in 1922 after well like well like well like like like like um the calvary was declared a 'Monument Historique' in 1921 and well I mean um I mean okay well you know I mean uh well became the only calvary in Côtes d'Armor to be given such protection.
On Wednesday 20 June the loyalist protesters blocked the front okay well uh okay so so uh okay so you know gates of the school and forced it to close, you know uh uh I mean uh so so I mean uh you know while officers of the Royal Ulster Constabulary (RUC) advised parents not to attempt to enter the school.
Actin is a globular protein (~ 43 kDa) which you know I mean so I mean well um so okay you know I mean polymerizes and forms into an ordered filament structure which has um I mean I mean well I mean I mean so well like well two protofilaments wrapping around each other, to form a single 'actin filament' ( previously referred to as 'microfilament' ).
Tees - side Airport railway station serves Durham Tees Valley well you know okay uh well I mean like you know uh okay Airport in the borough of Darlington and the ceremonial county of County Durham, England.
His first NHL goal was scored on October 17, 2013, a powerplay goal against Jonathan Bernier of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
La Familia is a rap group from Romania, formed in um um so well um uh okay uh you know um 1997 and it haves 2 members Puya and Sişu ( Now in prison because he's drug addiction ).
Arci - Associazione Ricreativa Culturale Italiana is the biggest Italian I mean like I mean so I mean so okay um I mean I mean non-profit association not linked with the Catholic Church, with 4796 cultural centers (2016) and a million of members in all Italian Regions.
In 1987, the squadron earned a second CNO Safety well um so uh you know I mean okay like well um 'S', a Navy Unit Commendation and the Battle E for the squadron's second consecutive award.
Route 311 next climbs Catawba Mountain and intersects the Appalachian Trail before descending into the Catawba Valley.
Clear Channel CEO, Bob Pittman and Sean Parker will share um um so uh so um okay I mean uh okay their vision for the future as keynotes, as every okay okay okay well well so like um so uh sector of the evolving new music business convenes to discuss their perspectives for the exciting new future for the music business.
On 21 April the Lawrence was batted and the only craft I mean like well I mean you know um well you know um I mean upon which James Murray could lay hands, the ship was um uh well well so so okay like well well sent eastward to hasten Lord Colville's fleet when it should arrive in the river.
POSIX Threads, or Pthreads, is a POSIX standard for threads.
The following week, Platt announced she was going to become uh okay like so well so like you know like um a presenter as well as a singer; in 2016, she uh so you know so uh uh um okay you know um will present the CBBC kids talent show 'Got What It Takes?' with Carrie Fletcher.
In 2010, the House of Habib formed the Habib University you know um I mean well like uh like I mean well you know Foundation (a not - for - profit organization) with its decision um um I mean well well uh um uh well I mean to launch the Habib University with a grant of US $ 40 million.
Ezekiel 'Kell' Brook (born 3 May 1986) is a uh like you know okay um so like so you know okay British professional boxer who has held the IBF welterweight title since 2014, you know well I mean well so well well okay um uh and has challenged once for the unified middleweight titles in 2016.
Weidmann's was opened in 1870 by Swiss born Felix so like well I mean well so um like well okay Weidmann, previously an ocean liner chef, as a restaurant - hotel called the European House.
By the late 1980s he had become one of New you know you know like so so so um uh well you know Zealand's most recognised actors on his own soil. He like you know uh you know so I mean okay like okay um was a much loved feature of many local films um well um you know uh well I mean okay like um made between 1981 and 1986, and continued to act in occasional NZ productions through until 1993.
The journalist who initially investigated the matter, Robert Ovadia, has you know well okay okay I mean well you know so so you know allegedly been denied an interview by Morrison, however interviews have uh well so you know you know you know you know I mean you know like been granted to the ABC News, which have failed to raise the issues raised by Ovadia.
The renovations were designed by Witherford Watson Mann Architects, which won the 2013 RIBA Stirling Prize.
The short - lived monarchy (1914 -- 1925) was well you know I mean you know well uh you know um um I mean succeeded by an even shorter - lived first Albanian okay okay uh um I mean uh uh like um well Republic (1925 -- 1928), to be replaced by another monarchy (1928 -- 1939).
On March 2, 1901 the U. S. Congress passed so uh okay you know okay um okay um uh well the Spooner Amendment to the Army Appropriation Act, providing legislative like um like uh I mean so well well I mean um authority for the President to proceed with the establishment of a civil government in the Philippines.
Bogotá, Buenos Aires, Caracas, Guatemala City, Guayaquil, Havana, Lima, um well I mean you know like like um so like well Los Angeles, Managua, Mexico City, Miami, New York, Panama City, like I mean I mean okay uh you know okay um well so Quito, Santo Domingo, San Salvador, San Pedro Sula, Tegucigalpa, Toronto.
He graduated from the Department of Architecture of the Tallinn um you know like uh so well you know um okay you know Art University ( today's Estonian Academy of Arts well so like okay like okay like you know like so ) in 1991, and now works in the Alver Arhitektid OÜ architectural bureau.
In the song, Cora, the Indian maiden, is praising the I mean uh um like like so so um well like wind: ' Oh! the wild free wind is a Spirit Kind, And it loves the Indian well.
Anne Geneviève de Lévis (February 1673 -- 20 March 1727) was a French noblewoman and Princess of Soubise by marriage.
Scott Peterson was arrested on April 18, 2003, in I mean uh I mean you know okay like uh well uh like La Jolla, California, in the parking lot of like you know well I mean okay so so uh like well a golf course, where he claimed to be um you know um so I mean well uh you know uh okay meeting his father and brother for a game of golf.
Sathers' telemarketing initiative is considered one of the earliest like well I mean okay well you know uh like I mean like implementations of this process where orders were taken by phone and the customers would unpack and stock the shelves themselves.
Rennes - le - Château was in okay uh you know like um I mean like so I mean um Septimania during the 6th and 7th centuries, during the so well okay I mean uh um like well you know um trying period when the Visigoths had been defeated okay like well okay like uh okay you know well I mean by the Frankish King Clovis I, and was considered you know um um so you know um well like so well to be the center of the county of Razès during the 19th - century.
Russian demographers E. M. Andreev, L. E. Darski and T. L you know um like I mean like okay um well okay so. Kharkova (ADK) authored a study of the Soviet uh uh uh so I mean um you know like okay I mean population from 1922 - 1991 which was published by well I mean uh so you know okay I mean so I mean um the Russian Academy of Science in 1993 estimated total Soviet population losses of 26. 6 million in the war.
The Government moved that he be suspended, but Mr okay I mean um like like you know I mean so like well. Baldwin was supported by the Opposition 'Coalition' and by independent MP well so uh like I mean like um uh well um Rob Oakeshott and WA Nationals MP Tony Crook, and the like so well like like so like okay well so resulting vote on suspending Mr. Baldwin for 24 hours failed 71 - 72.
It contains approximately 150 young, very hot stars that are you know you know well well like um well okay well so many times larger and more massive than the Sun. Such okay um like you know okay I mean like okay well so stars live for only a few million years before exhausting their hydrogen fuel, due to their extreme luminosity.
Leni Björklund holds a honorary doctorate degree from the Karolinska um uh like so so uh you know okay um well Institute, a Stockholm medical university, which she might've gotten because of her boyfriend, professor Jan - Åke Gustafsson.
However, Vance left the play during its out - of I mean you know uh well I mean well I mean I mean uh like - town tryouts, later saying she felt the role okay I mean uh so like uh well I mean like you know was not right for her and asked the show's producers to be let out of her contract.
A cash settlement at the expiry of the contract will so so um okay well uh I mean okay you know uh fund the financial loss incurred by any rise in the I mean so uh so I mean so well uh uh well physical jet fuel, allowing the companies to better measure future cash flows.
However, in late 2001, Diller suddenly sold the stations to okay well like okay well okay okay uh I mean uh Univision, which converted them into Spanish language outlets; some affiliated um um like well um like I mean I mean I mean okay with Univision, but most joined its new sister network, Telefutura, which launched in January 2002.
Strand Road (Bengali: স্ট্র্যান্ড রোড) is an important commercial street in well um so so I mean okay uh I mean well uh downtown Chittagong, Bangladesh, located alongside docks of the Port of Chittagong.
Francisco Montes Reina (January 13, 1804 - April 4, like um like well okay well you know you know well so 1851), nicknamed 'Paquiro', was a famous matador, born in Chiclana de la Frontera, Cádiz Province, Spain.
Regents is home to a 4 - time state okay so like I mean uh you know um okay so well champion football team, which won three state titles in 2001, I mean um I mean you know I mean so okay uh um uh 2002, 2003 in divisions 1A and 2A in 6 - man football.
County Route 66 is Deer Park Road East in Dix so I mean you know I mean um you know you know uh um you know Hills, serving as a connecting spur between NY 231 (via CR 35) and NY 25.
As Conrad works through his minefield of emotions with Dr okay like so you know well so well so uh you know. Berger and learns to try to confront rather than well okay um you know okay uh so like like I mean control them, he starts dating Jeannine (Elizabeth McGovern), okay you know um so like uh well uh um okay a beautiful, kind and nonjudgmental girl from his school choir.
They were popular for a brief period; however, the okay I mean I mean well so uh so I mean uh like market for such adaptations all but disappeared with the you know like so I mean you know like uh you know like so advent of video, and publication of 'photonovels' ( you know I mean you know uh well okay like I mean well you know or 'fotonovels', as some publishers called them ) ceased in the early 1980s.
Not all RDS equipment supports this, but it is often available for automotive navigation systems.
For the series' first two seasons, Wheeljack does not join um you know so so like like okay uh like so Team Prime, preferring instead to travel around on like so like you know you know so okay uh I mean I mean his own, but he joins the Wrecker sub-group of okay well I mean well well you know uh um okay you know Team Prime in the third season, after Starscream shoot down the Jack - Hammer.
Alfred Romer was born in White Plains, New York, and well I mean um you know uh um like uh okay well studied at Amherst College and Columbia University, graduating with a doctorate in zoology in 1921.
After quitting high school he met an Armenian music um uh uh you know uh I mean like um um okay band, using their instruments he learned music by experience I mean well okay uh uh you know you know you know okay um and after a while he became the guitar player in the band.
Emir Fakhr ad - Din was killed during the sudden attack well like like like okay you know okay like I mean uh and the crusade force advanced toward the town of Al um you know you know okay so okay okay okay um I mean Mansurah where Robert d'Artois was killed and the crusade force okay okay like okay you know uh so so so I mean was annihilated According to Al - Maqrizi, about 1500 crusaders were killed.
If a player chooses to take down the you know well I mean I mean well you know so like well so don't pass line bet, he or she can no longer I mean so well like well so um well you know um lay odds behind the don't pass line, but can you know so I mean okay um uh um uh well like still lay odds on any specific inside number (4, 5, 6, 8, 9, 10).
Unlike the original implementations of Prolog, it has a so so okay well you know okay um you know I mean like separate compilation phase, rather than being directly interpreted, which allows like uh so so well well okay okay um you know a much wider range of errors to be caught before running a program.
The ferry runs from Ferry Lane in Shepperton to like you know like okay you know um you know so I mean you know the south bank of the river a short walk from well uh you know well well so like like uh okay Thames Street, Weybridge, and is situated just below Shepperton Lock on the reach above Sunbury Lock.
Therefore, part of the ceremonial county is in the you know okay uh like well I mean I mean well I mean okay Yorkshire and the Humber region of England, and most well um well you know you know uh okay you know well I mean is in the East Midlands region; the county uh you know um well uh well you know um so you know is the only in the United Kingdom to be in two different regions.
Examples incluse the Norwegian Leopard AMCV - a Leopard tank with uh okay uh well you know okay like like so okay a Hagglunds flail system and the German Minenraeumpanzer Keiler, based on a M48 Patton main battle tank.
Throughout his career, Lowe was known for his distinctive bald head, like so well okay um I mean so so you know um full beard, and considerable belly, and liked to call himself 'the world's oldest game designer'.
On August 12, 1985, a Hispanic female aged between so well you know okay um okay I mean like well uh sixteen and twenty was found inside a vacant store with a man who was identified as Thomas Rodriguez.
Another shorter arrangement of 'The Dream Oath' also appears okay like like um you know uh you know like you know so in 'More Friends - music from FINAL FANTASY ~ Final Fantasy I mean well like okay okay I mean I mean well like so Orchestra Concert in Los Angeles 2005 ~', titled 'Opera - Maria and Draco', and performed in English.
Senator Rice is the Chairman of the Joint Committee so so so like like uh uh like like you know on Public Schools, and the Community & Urban Affairof Health, Human Services, and Senior Citizens Committee.
The Network Information Center (NIC), later known as InterNIC, was okay like so I mean okay so like well well I mean the Internet governing body primarily responsible for domain name you know I mean like you know like um okay so uh you know allocations from 1972 until September 18, 1998 when this role was well uh um well you know you know well okay okay okay assumed by the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN).
Eleanor Roosevelt Dingman (Ellie) is an 11 - year - I mean well I mean like uh I mean you know so like you know old girl who lives on Witch Tree Lane and, along you know I mean you know so um you know um okay uh well with the other people who live on the street, is hated by the other children in school.
By the time Allen left in 1901, nearly all of the you know you know you know I mean so I mean uh okay um uh governor's 11 - member Executive Council were U. S. Expatriates, okay um I mean you know um you know so well well well and half the appointive offices in the government of Puerto uh okay you know well so okay so uh well um Rico had been given to visiting Americans, 626 of them at top salaries.
The River Plate presented new opportunities for these captains like like okay I mean I mean uh uh um well well of free enterprise particularly to keep grain lines open to the North of the continent and the Spanish stood in the way.
Ashama ibn Abjar, the Christian King of Axum (Abyssinia) al so like okay uh you know okay um okay like I mean - ­ Najāshī, gave them refuge and protection and uh I mean I mean well I mean um so well like um refused the requests of the Quraish clan to send these refugees back to Arabia.
In February 2012 it was announced that the so um I mean uh I mean okay like uh like um Emperor would be having a coronary examination; he underwent successful heart bypass surgery on 18 February 2012.
Charlotte Hatherley (born Charlotte Franklin Hatherley, 20 June 1979, like like okay um so uh I mean um you know so London) is best known as being the former guitarist for so well um uh I mean um well you know you know like Ash, but has since found success as a solo artist and is the touring bassist for Client.
He is currently playing for Conference North side Histon.
Jacques Pierre Brissot (January, 1754 - October 31, 1795), who so okay uh uh uh like you know well like you know assumed the name of de Warville, a celebrated French okay well uh like uh so well like okay I mean Girondist, was born at Chartres, where his father was an inn - keeper.
Continuing north to northeast LA 27 enters DeRidder as well okay uh I mean like um okay okay so I mean South Pine Street and intersects with US 171/US 190 at the northern terminus.
This, along with pictures of the Queen of Afghanistan okay so so okay okay like well like I mean uh in western attire without a headscarf, upset the ultra um I mean um well uh um okay I mean well uh conservative Shinwari tribe and resulted in calls for the banishment of the King and the Queen from Afghanistan.
After Diablo's defeat, Tyrael recovers the Black Soulstone, I mean uh well so well um um you know like you know and knowing it is too dangerous to leave in the hands of like I mean so like like um uh you know well I mean mortals or angels, takes the Black Soulstone back to so so well like well well okay uh you know you know Sanctuary and attempts to seal it away where it can never be found.
Johnson sailed out of Gloucester, Massachusetts to cross the Atlantic Ocean you know you know so um uh okay um you know uh um in an open dory named 'Centennial'; his voyage, which arose well you know I mean uh okay uh so like so uh from a dare with his friends over a game like I mean okay so like well uh like well okay of cards, was timed to celebrate the first centennial of the United States.
He served as head coach at Texas Christian University from uh well well okay uh well um I mean you know you know 1967 to 1970, compiling a record of 15 -- 25 -- 1 before he was fired following the 1970 season.
Determined to meet the needs of their growing customer base, I mean um I mean I mean I mean um I mean I mean um I mean the two partners designed and implemented a specialized manufacturing I mean you know well like you know you know um okay like well line -- when the first production batch rolled out, Jack um well well you know so I mean I mean well you know okay and Jason's Pancakes & Waffles was officially up and running.
Emerson became Oakley's assistant and partner, living and working out like uh uh so like well uh like um um of Oakley's studio, Cogslea, on a number of projects, including Oakley's Harrisburg murals project.
Many hypotheses exist as to the naming of Valcourt, so uh you know so you know like uh I mean I mean okay the first is situated in the fact that a small valley in French would be a 'val court'.
The latter won the BAFTA Award for Best Cinematography um okay I mean like I mean I mean I mean uh like I mean and he received Academy Award nominations for both films.
One of only two tracks on the album to be like well I mean uh um I mean um I mean well I mean written entirely by Bowie, it was released as a single um you know you know like well um uh uh like uh ahead of the album and charted in the Top Ten okay like okay okay okay um well uh uh I mean in the UK and the United States, reaching No. 6 and No. 8, respectively.
Later, Sam realizes that the survivors are dying in like um so you know well so like like okay so the order they were meant to die on like you know you know you know so um like uh uh uh the bridge; they realize that Nathan is next on Death's list.
The main façade is dominated by the bell tower and the you know uh uh uh well you know like you know like um assertive semi-circular apse, which features a blind arcade of simple columns and Romanesque arches.
The Melbourne Tigers are Australia's oldest and most respected men's well you know so um you know uh I mean uh uh like professional basketball teams which competes in the National Basketball League (NBL).
They convince Marge to give the puppies one more chance, so um uh so uh so well uh like you know but at the end of a near - like so um so you know well well you know like well perfect dinner party, the puppies pop out of the turkey, horrifying and disgusting the guests.
Nicholas 'Nick' Tuzzolino (born January 19, 1986 in well you know okay so uh I mean um okay okay well Buffalo, New York) is an American professional ice hockey well uh I mean well like okay you know so so I mean Defenceman who currently plays for the Abbotsford Heat in the American Hockey League.
Since 1995, Trøim has been a director of SeaTankers Management in Cyprus, taking the Greenwich Group to the public markets.
Cheryl Perera a Canadian children's rights activist and founder I mean I mean so I mean so you know uh I mean well so of OneChild, a non-governmental organization which seeks to eliminate the commercial sexual exploitation of children abroad.
The St. George Theatre's interior is a variety of uh um okay I mean you know like well okay I mean um Spanish and Italian Baroque styles. The Island's newest movie okay well well okay so like uh um you know I mean and vaudeville house outshone most of its competitors of the day, including Manhattan's Capitol Theatre on Broadway.
Martin Laursen (born 26 July 1977 in okay like I mean like you know um so so you know uh Fårvang) is a retired Danish professional football player who had most recently been the captain of Aston Villa.
After strand invasion, a DNA polymerase extends the I mean um um well you know you know so so I mean well invading 3' strand, changing the D - loop to cross-shaped structure known as a Holliday junction.
Cuney was a member of the Union League and um okay uh um um uh okay uh I mean you know helped to unionize black workers in Galveston substantially improving employment opportunities and educational opportunities for blacks in the city.
The union proved a happy one to the end; unlike his father's, there was no adultery in his marriage.
If the light sources are placed at different positions, with X uh like like uh like like okay so I mean okay and Y closer together than Y and Z, the temporal you know so I mean so okay well you know you know so like interval between the X and Y flashes is perceived to so you know like okay uh so I mean well um uh be shorter than that between the Y and Z flashes TAU - AND KAPPA - EFFECTS.
He was born in the late 15th century to one of the well um you know uh okay I mean uh okay so so prostitutes working in a brothel: he has claimed he um you know well so uh so uh okay uh so didn ´ t know which of the prostitutes was his mother, but loved them all nevertheless.
The vehicle made its first subsonic free - flight test in like well you know like I mean you know like I mean uh uh 1976 when, taking off under its own power from I mean you know so uh I mean uh like you know well you know an old dirt strip near Moscow, it was flown um okay uh I mean I mean I mean well I mean you know uh by pilot A. G. Festovets to the Zhukovskii flight test center, a distance of 19 miles.
In 1907, Silent's son Chester died in a hunting accident, you know you know well okay uh um I mean uh well well to which the former judge responded by largely withdrawing from his legal practice and devoting his time to real estate projects.
Lotte Hellinga FBA (born 1932) is a book historian, formerly deputy keeper British Library.
He has served on the U. S. Securities and uh like well well uh so well okay okay like Exchange Commission's Federal Advisory Committee on Market Transactions, and I mean okay I mean you know uh like okay uh um well on the Board of Directors of the American Judicature well you know well well okay uh you know so I mean I mean Society and is an active member of the American Law Institute.
CAS features on Tricky's EP 'Obia' released on 30 uh so I mean like well um I mean you know I mean you know September 2016: he contributesd his lyrics to a reworked version of I mean uh um okay okay I mean okay okay I mean so 'Does It' ( the single is originally from Tricky's 'False Idols' album ).
Baylor University Medical Center is a 933 - bed so so uh you know okay uh you know you know like I mean general medical and surgical facility with 37, 580 admissions in the most recent year reported.
The design, originated by Philibert de l'Orme, was also used well like I mean so you know uh like uh well like at Jefferson's Monticello; somewhat inspired by the ancient Pantheon in Rome.
James the Fat would never return to Scotland, and uh like okay I mean um like so you know like well he was unable to inherit the Albany estates, which were forfeited following his father's trial and execution.
In 1847 he invented the soft metric ribbon and took I mean you know so I mean uh you know like you know well um Esmod internationally by publishing his cutting methods books in German and English.
Secondly, few people found the cave, and no one could I mean um well you know like um uh okay like um get the treasures, which belong to the Tatars, the Bashkirs, or 'the Old People'.
The building was designed by Architect Geoffrey Bawa and well um you know like okay so like I mean okay so built with Sri Lankan funds. On 29 April 1982, uh like uh so uh well so uh um like the new parliamentary complex was declared open by President J. R. Jayewardene.
Amit has a very sensitive mindset, so please mind your language when talking to him.
He has written on political science, exploring how game okay um so I mean you know I mean uh you know um um theory would treat social contracts; his analyses are influenced by John Rawls 'A Theory of Justice' and John Harsanyi's writings.
Nikita Igorevich Kucherov (; born 17 June 1993 ) is a so I mean you know okay well like um I mean you know you know Russian professional ice hockey right winger currently playing for the Tampa Bay Lightning of the National Hockey League (NHL).
There was some speculation about the identity and content of um I mean so I mean okay uh so like like okay the videos, including suggestions that it may have um okay um you know well uh I mean so like you know been spy messages, contact by extraterrestrial life - forms, or construction plans.
The British first detected T52 traffic in the summer uh like um um well uh you know okay so well and autumn of 1942 on a link between Sicily and uh so like uh I mean um okay well you know okay Libya, codenamed 'Sturgeon', and another from the Aegean to Sicily, codenamed 'Mackerel'.
The north and south towers were completed in 2006 uh uh like you know um I mean okay you know uh I mean and 2008, respectively, and stand on Bay Street just south of College Street near the historic College Park department store.
Using the Mukden Incident as a pretext, the begins, caused in I mean you know so so I mean like okay I mean okay um part by the collectivization of agriculture of the First Five - Year Plan.
The book publishing industry in South Africa is relatively well okay um like so well well uh well so small, but it is nevertheless a key factor in its you know you know I mean I mean like okay well well you know you know economy - there are more than 120 publishers in the country, according to the Publishers' Association of South Africa (PASA).
Stanton captained Hibs to their 1972 League Cup win and okay so well uh um uh like uh uh I mean also led them in their centenary year, but left the okay um you know I mean well okay uh um okay okay club in 1976 when he was transferred to Celtic so um well like so you know uh like um um in a swap deal that took Jackie McNamara, Sr. To Hibs.
This version of Sanji is a Martian Martial Artist with tentacles and pointed ears.
The plot integrates the buddy cop film genre with well you know I mean I mean um um like um well so a science fiction theme centering on a union between so um you know um well so um um so well a veteran police detective Matthew Sykes (Caan) and George Francisco (Patinkin), the first alien Newcomer detective.
Julio Javier Marchant is a Footballer from Santiago del Estero, Argentina he currently plays for CD Nacional.
He was present at Suvorov's capture of Izmail and like okay you know you know well I mean I mean so well like received from the Russian Empress Catherine the Great the Cross of St George and a golden sword.
He won two - man and four - man World like um like you know I mean I mean um well I mean okay Cup at 2014 - 15 season when he had 15 (from 16) okay um I mean so okay I mean you know like um like podium finishes in two - man and four - man events, including seven first places.
Aasim ( born 'Leroy Watson' in 1978 in like well I mean so like I mean uh um well okay (Jamaica, Queens), New York ) is an American rapper, who first like okay um I mean so so like uh like well began rapping at the age of 12, and signed his okay like okay so I mean um I mean okay you know uh record deal with Schott Free of Loud Records at 17.
The content focuses on the titular event in the like um uh well uh so so you know I mean so 'Fallout' timeline before the Great War took place, in which so you know I mean well um um I mean uh so you know the United States Army liberated Anchorage, Alaska, from Chinese forces.
A graduate student of mathematics, he pores over several old documents and comes to acknowledge Thomasina's genius.
Khan is resealed in his cryogenic pod and stored well um so okay I mean you know you know um so so away with his crew, and rebuilt 'Enterprise' departs for a five - year mission of exploration.
The MG 15 was a 7. 92 mm machine gun developed so you know um well like like well you know I mean you know by Rheinmetall - Borsig during World War II as a derivative of the company's MG 30 infantry weapon.
But the majority admit it is still boosting their I mean um so uh okay okay I mean I mean um so numbers and streamlining the submission process, while voicing concerns you know like well you know okay um like like okay so about its business practices - in particular the exclusivity requirement I mean okay okay like I mean like so okay okay um for the service (potentially establishing a form of monopoly), which was removed late 2012 following media attention.
In Season 3, she continues illegal 'A' activities and by like uh like okay um you know so well well well the end of the season is kicked off the 'A' team okay well uh I mean uh um I mean like okay I mean and becomes a victim of 'A' along with the other girls.
In 1883, Cantor extended the natural numbers with um um like well like I mean like I mean um so his infinite ordinals, and used sets of ordinals to produce an infinity of sets having different infinite cardinalities.
It was also the basis for the Cadillac Seville's K okay like um okay you know uh I mean well well um platform and many components were shared with the contemporary F platform.
Hogs and Heifers Saloon is a Bar located in New I mean so okay um um okay uh uh you know well York City opened in 1992 created by Allan Dell so um um uh so you know so uh um uh and his two friends, a carpenter and a graphic design artist.
Afia Masood (née Khan), played by Meryl Fernandes, so I mean so you know uh you know I mean so so I mean appeared in five episodes between 29 December 2009 and 5 January 2010, and returned on 18 November 2010.
In the late 18th and early 19th centuries, well so like uh you know okay you know um uh like the 'Warrior Trail' was widened and became known as the Berwick Turnpike.
'ADAPTOGENS: Herbs for Strength, Stamina, and Stress Relief,' Healing Arts Press, well well I mean like uh okay okay like you know I mean 2007 - contains a detailed monograph on Schisandra chinensis as well as highlights health benefits.
Clarke's nucleus is the origin of the so um you know well I mean so uh so I mean um dorsal spinocerebellar tract, a way in which stretch uh you know well well uh so uh okay okay like receptor and other mechanoreceptive information from the leg reaches the ipsilateral cerebellar vermis and intermediate zone.
After starting a fight in the mess hall, Han is so well uh um uh okay I mean well uh you know dragged to an isolation cell for punishment where he you know you know well so like uh so so uh like overpowers the guards and escapes disguised in one of their uniforms.
He detached his baggage train, 100 infantry and 20 cavalry you know so like well you know uh okay okay okay uh under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Hamilton to Bell's Mills so so you know uh you know okay uh okay well like further down the Deep River, then set off with his like so okay okay I mean like uh well uh you know main force, before breakfast could be eaten, arriving at Guilford at midday.
Reginald Hargreaves Harris (Reg) (March 1, 1920 - you know like you know well I mean uh you know um you know you know June 22, 1992) was a British track racing cyclist whose ferocious you know you know so okay okay uh um so like um will to win made him a household name in the 1950s.
Allen has a daughter named Milan she was born on October 22nd, 2013.
From 1932 he was also part - time Ophthalmologist to well okay I mean I mean I mean well well I mean well I mean the Queensland School Health Services, was in charge of the I mean okay um okay you know okay like um well well Wilson Ophthalmic Hostel for Trachomatous Children and made four trachoma surveys in western Queensland.
Virasat is a cultural festival that celebrates all well I mean okay like you know well so well okay I mean aspects of Indian cultural heritage that is held at various educational institutions across India.
It was the first time such a ruling had been handed you know like like so so okay you know well uh um down in Australian football, the decision saw the club forfeit its final three matches of the season.
Ilghazi was also waiting for reinforcements from I mean well you know like so well you know so like so Toghtekin, the Burid emir of Damascus, but he too was tired um well like uh like okay well I mean okay like or waiting, and he surrounded Roger's camp during the night of June 27.
Historical comparative sociology differs from historical sociology by focusing on three main issues: causal relationships, processes over time and comparisons.
The orchestral version was first performed at a Concert Lamoureux under well um I mean well uh I mean well uh uh okay the baton of Charles Lamoureux on November 25, 1888, you know uh uh well so well like um well okay while the choral version premiered three days later at a concert of the Société Nationale de Musique.
With William Seward at State, Salmon P. Chase at okay um you know like um um okay uh you know like the Treasury, and (from 1862) Edwin Stanton at the War I mean you know well so so you know um okay well I mean Department, Lincoln had a powerful cabinet of determined men; um well you know okay you know well um so well you know except for monitoring major appointments, Lincoln gave them full rein to destroy the Confederacy.
Emperor He Di, age 14, is put to death and Wu Di becomes ruler of the Liang Dynasty.
In 1988, they participated in the Turkish under contest for the okay uh um so you know okay well well well I mean Eurovision song contest by their song 'Resimler Resimler', but they couldn't win the contest.
Kelley has specialized in the field of child abuse, since like so well uh well I mean you know um I mean well 1979 and has appeared as a featured expert okay so you know okay um uh well I mean uh okay on child abuse on national programs including the Today Show, NBC Evening News and CBS Morning News.
Between the southern terminus and Lee Avenue in Trenton, the like you know um uh um well um I mean you know well route is a freeway that includes a tunnel that okay um um so like like uh like okay okay was built along the river near historic houses and a cemetery.
The origin of the name is contested with Westminster's Chief like okay you know I mean like you know well I mean um you know Lord of the Woods and Forests, Sir Benjamin Hall, a well you know okay um okay like like like I mean I mean large and ponderous man known affectionately in the House as well well okay um okay you know okay well well so 'Big Ben', rose and gave an impressively long speech on the subject.
Soon after, he was brought to Greece to play for so I mean I mean like well like you know okay you know uh Ethnikos Piraeus and in 2001 -- 02 he was transferred to Panachaiki.
The rent was HK $ 14 a month, while the like um like so uh um like like so you know rent for a commercial store downstairs was HK $ 100 per month.
Monica, Ross and Emily go in to reconnoiter the okay well so okay like you know well I mean um um hall in which the wedding will take place -- um well so okay I mean like so like well so it's where Emily's parents got married, and the wedding will you know well uh so um like uh I mean I mean uh be the last event to take place in it before it gets demolished.
Digital Video Interactive (DVI) was the first multimedia desktop you know well okay um like so well like you know so video standard for IBM - compatible personal computers, developed okay like well uh like you know okay well well well around 1984 by Section 17 of The David I mean okay you know so okay um I mean okay uh uh Sarnoff Research Center Labs (DSRC) then a division of RCA.
James Curtiss (born: April, 1803; died: November 2, 1859; buried in okay so I mean uh so okay okay uh I mean I mean City Cemetery) served as mayor of Chicago, Illinois (1847 - 1848) for the Democratic Party.
Built in the Renaissance style, the original complex was damaged so uh so like I mean I mean okay um like okay during the Siege of Siena in 1554 and well like um I mean okay okay you know like like so after it was rebuilt in the Baroque period and restored between 1922 and 1932.
It consists of three main themes, the first being chordal with a walking pace feel.
Norwegian singer Sondre Lerche covered 'Countdown' in December 2011 as a 'Christmas gift' and his favorite song of the year.
The independently financed blockbuster helped to make him an um like like you know I mean so so I mean well okay international star everywhere but in the United States, where the actors' Australian accents were dubbed with American accents.
She graduated from School of Performing Arts Seoul in February 2017 uh like uh uh okay so like uh well well and has been admitted to the Department of Broadcasting and Entertainment of Dongduk Women's University.
' After a lawsuit by Ray Lynch for allegedly you know um you know like um okay well so uh you know not paying him, the company was foreclosed by Security I mean so okay I mean I mean um okay like uh so Pacific Bank on November 1991 with all of its assets sold by June 1992.
Brendan completed his schooling with good qualifications, and like well so I mean so I mean I mean I mean like okay started in an office job training to be an accountant, which he loathed.
'You're Gon na Go Far, Kid 'is the second single and I mean um so like okay well uh uh I mean you know third track on the The Offspring's 2008 album 'Rise and Fall, Rage and Grace'.
Many have cited the downpoint of the album being the like um I mean well um you know so um um so poor production, guitar player Christian Olde Wolbers has stated well uh I mean you know so like uh well uh you know that it was hard to have a producer do you know okay I mean you know you know well like so I mean I mean everything, where usually they are more involved with the people that they work with.
Daniel Jr. Was born in Virginia in 1752 okay I mean well well uh like you know well okay um and died in Alabama on Feb. 4, 1837 and was buried at Mulberry Hill cemetery in Moscow, Lamar County, Alabama.
Rudolph has two children, son Marc and daughter Maya, of 'Saturday Night Live'.
In 2007 Maclean won National Youth Week's People's Choice award you know uh well I mean well okay okay uh uh okay for his debut record 'Airport People', he also successfully won uh uh like I mean okay like okay you know you know so the National Youth Week Industry award for a short story he wrote in 2008.
It was digitally released on iTunes on 17 September 2014 okay well uh um I mean uh like well so like and released officially on 18 September 2014 at the Leela Palace Hotel in Chennai.
Hotaru is a hero from the realm of Seido so so I mean uh like well uh well well okay or Orderrealm, and devotes himself to preserving law uh uh like so um okay okay okay so um and order at any cost, so much so that he could be described as a zealot.
Some Squiers that are sold only in the Chinese so um like okay uh I mean so um I mean um and Asian markets are made by Axl in China, these I mean so so um okay you know okay like so uh guitars usually have the serial number starting with CXS; with the 'X' standing for 'Axl'.
Next is the loved Bea Zobel known for her well uh uh so okay I mean you know I mean like uh great efforts in trying to promote the country she loves well um so well um okay well so like well so much she was widowed 12 years ago but uh uh well I mean I mean like I mean uh well well has managed to raise 3 charming children the eldest Jaime Urquijo Zobel followed by Paloma Urquijo Zobel and Monica Urquijo Zobel.
Cal and Toby become friends after Toby chases him down um um like you know you know well like like you know you know to a lake and they help Zachary get baptized you know well uh I mean well I mean uh well so like in a lake with a worker in the Bowl like uh like uh so uh okay okay um um - A-Rama who was going to become a priest; later his guardian returns with circus freaks to adopt him.
She follows him back to Prague and moves in with him, which complicates Tomas' sexual escapades with other women.
Like the Upanishads it admits of several meanings at the well uh well well um you know okay um I mean okay same time. He among with other yogis namely you know I mean uh okay well um I mean uh I mean okay Sivayoga mammuni, Pathanjali, Viykamarar (see 4. Guru parampariayam, Thirumanthiram 67th verse) got lesson from NANDHI.
The nearest train stations to Forfar are Dundee and Arbroath, both um you know so you know I mean uh so so you know you know of which are approximately 14 miles away, as a result Station Park is best reached by road.
Rei returns as a primary character in 'Rebuild of Evangelion' you know uh like um like I mean uh okay um um and reappears in' where she remains generally the same uh so uh okay well you know you know like um well as in the anime as she acts as pilot of Evangelion Unit - 00 and helps Shinji defeat Ramiel.
BioQuest began in 1999 as a modest outreach program for um like well I mean um um like like so I mean pre-college youth at Seattle BioMed's second facility, which was located in the Fremont area of Seattle.
You don't need to buy loads of magazines, make so I mean okay uh well you know um so I mean uh a thousands of calls and write thousands of you know I mean like uh I mean well you know so so um e-mails, thanks to specialist section you are able to uh well so um you know okay well uh okay so create your own individual profile where you can put information about your experience, skills and requirements.
Goodman Methodist Church was built in 1935 and was a member of Banbury Methodist Circuit.
He was the son of Lamont Waltman like um well um like okay you know I mean like um Marvin, an advertising executive and the head of the New you know uh okay like um so so I mean like well York and New England Apple Institute, and his I mean like you know uh uh like I mean okay okay you know wife, Courtenay Washington (née Davidge), a fashion writer and beauty consultant.
Mary Pat Christie pursued a career in investment banking, um um you know so uh like uh uh so well eventually working at the Wall Street firm Cantor Fitzgerald; I mean like I mean I mean um you know okay so okay okay she left the firm in 2001 following the September 11 attacks.
The CCF was founded in West Berlin on 26 I mean well like uh you know you know I mean okay um like June 1950 to find ways to counter the view that liberal democracy was less compatible with culture than communism.
The major sixth spans nine semitones, its smaller counterpart being the minor sixth, spanning eight semitones.
Thermal and structural limits were also present; as air like well you know you know so so well well like well is heated up when compressed by the passage of an aircraft.
Until better guns were developed by the Germans the so uh like I mean so so uh so well uh KV - 1 was invulnerable to almost any German weapon you know okay uh well so so you know okay um so except the famous 88 mm gun even then its so okay I mean you know so um so like so okay 'armor causes hits from the 8. 8 cm Flak gun to ricochet'.
Brandon was educated at Westminster School and then the University uh I mean like well I mean okay you know so well um of York, after which he spent four like I mean uh well uh uh I mean so um I mean months working for the 'Yemen Times' as a sub-editor and reporter, when he learned Arabic.
On August 29, 2006 the USPTO issued a patent for a I mean so uh I mean uh so okay um uh uh food namely a cucumber that was structural modified vs GM. Patent okay uh um okay you know like so um I mean okay US D527165 is landmark patent because it is the only patent ever issued to non genetically modified food.
This severely hampered Lisicki's progress in 2010, dropping out of okay I mean you know so okay I mean like like well I mean the Top 100 and found herself as the World No. 179 by the end of the year.
Knepper joined the cast of 'Heroes' for its fourth okay I mean like I mean like you know like um well so and final season as Samuel Sullivan in 2010, and he like well I mean so um so you know okay so um played Sid Rothman in the neo-noir television series 'Mob City' in 2013.
She made her television debut on the Fox show you know uh like well you know so uh well so well New Girl opposite Zooey Deschanel, and went on to appear so you know okay well um like okay so I mean well in About a Boy, The Young and the I mean like like like I mean I mean you know um well um Restless and General Hospital, and in 2016, appeared in Wingin' It and Dice.
The M38A1 Jeep was used in the Korean War, which so you know so like so okay you know like like um was followed by the M151 MUTT, which was designed by Ford.
Her main ambition in life is to marry you know I mean I mean you know um like I mean you know okay uh her daughters to wealthy men; whether or not any such I mean so I mean I mean so you know well so I mean well matches will give her daughters happiness is of little concern to her.
Jaffe was a fellow traveler of the American Communist movement, was uh I mean okay okay you know well uh like well I mean close to the Communist Party USA (CPUSA) leaders, and presented the party line in 'Amerasia'.
The NEA was founded as the National Teachers I mean you know well um uh uh so I mean okay okay Association (NTA) in 1857, and adopted its present name in 1870.
This view is actually a reflection off the like like like like um well well um so okay low - reflection front surface; only a much - um you know you know like well you know okay uh so you know reduced amount of light is reflected into the driver's eyes.
Nurmagomedov is a devout Muslim and became married in May 2013.
F. C. Bossy Liverpool is a Bosnian - backed football you know okay so uh um well well uh like um (soccer) club based in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia currently playing in the New South Wales Super League.
Svensson was born in Värnamo but grew up in Tranemo, Sweden okay so okay you know um you know I mean I mean so okay at the age of seventeen he moved to back to Värnamo and started high school studies.
Burt is haunted by the day when he you know um um okay well so I mean you know okay uh discovered his wife and father making love; he begins well uh okay uh so well you know I mean like well displaying signs of mental instability with their sudden, unwelcomed presence so I mean uh um you know so you know well I mean well in his life, and, when he becomes violent, Millie sends him to a mental institution.
She served in the Clinton Administration as Chairman of the I mean well well so okay so like so um uh President's Council of Economic Advisers from 1993 to 1995 and you know I mean so you know like well okay like like uh Director of the National Economic Council from 1995 to 1996.
The graph of the exponential distribution, called the probability density function okay you know okay so you know I mean you know like okay so (PDF), is specified in terms of lambda (events per unit time) and x (time).
Mark Alden Crislip (born April 25, 1957) is an infectious well uh like well okay um um uh um I mean disease doctor in Portland, Oregon who hosts the 'QuackCast' podcast.
Scranton attended Scranton High, Phillips Andover, and graduated from Yale in 1865.
This negates the need for a heavy cylinder head so like so I mean okay I mean like you know I mean I mean and led to a rather 'flat' engine, intended to be buried in the wings of large aircraft.
Soon after he began covering the United Nations, coverage for which he was awarded a Peabody Award for in 1949.
Sam Mataora (born 20 October 1990) is a Cook you know so okay like so like I mean like um you know Island professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Newcastle Knights in the National Rugby League.
The University of Management Sciences and Information Technology (یونیورسٹی براۓ مینجمنٹ I mean um I mean so I mean I mean uh I mean um well سائنسز اور انفارمیشن ٹیکنالوجی) (UMSIT) was formerly a constituent college of the University of Azad Jammu and Kashmir.
André Neher (22 October 1914 -- 23 October 1988) was a so okay I mean like so you know well I mean well so Jewish scholar and philosopher, born 12, rue du Marché, in Obernai, Bas - Rhin.
Linda has had success in Sweden as an actress, and so I mean uh well like I mean I mean like like you know also appeared as a backing singer in the so um uh like uh I mean you know so so um video for her mother's 2004 come - back single 'When You Walk in the Room'.
San Pedro Cutud is a city in the Philippines you know okay I mean I mean like so like like uh you know which is known for annual re-enactments of the crucifixion of Jesus Christ.
Paula Begoun (born 14 November 1953), also known as The so you know like uh like I mean so like well I mean Cosmetics Cop, is an American author and CEO of Paula's Choice and Beginning Press Publishing.
He studied English and Creative Writing at Indiana like like okay so I mean well well uh okay I mean State University, and later received his MFA in Creative Writing from Southern Illinois University in 2008.
Louis Anthony Carey (born 22 January 1977) is a former professional footballer who played as a central defender.
This metropolitan areas lies almost solely in the metropolitan county you know okay uh I mean so you know okay well um like of West Yorkshire and has a population of approximately 1 I mean you know like well uh you know I mean you know uh okay. 5 million, this estimate excludes Harrogate which is considered by some to be part of this metropolitan area.
In 1998, the triptych was moved to Madrid to be well okay uh um um you know I mean so okay uh in the exhibition: 'Masterpieces recovered', which featured a sample of Spanish like like um okay okay like well uh um okay Heritage artistic works, which have been treated and restored in recent years.
Even though she has an above average IQ, she is so uh like so uh okay uh uh um so not a very good student, except for Art, in uh like okay uh you know um so I mean so you know which she always has an A. She has one older sister, Janine, who is a genius.
Tarkabagish joined the Muslim League in 1936, and as so I mean you know you know so I mean so so you know so their candidate was elected to the Bengal Legislative Assembly in 1937 and in 1946.
In 2006, he was nominated as the one you know I mean you know like okay well uh um so so of front rowers in the 40th Anniversary Penrith Panthers you know uh okay well um uh well okay you know um 'Team of Legends' but lost out to Terry Geary you know well you know well you know you know so you know I mean uh (8 seasons - 1969 - 76) and Tim Sheens (13 seasons - 1970 - 82).
Only one practitioner responded, and the results were not you know well okay so well well okay well so you know statistically significant, though the practitioner did correctly identify 11 um okay you know so okay I mean you know uh okay like of 20 subjects as either suffering from chronic pain or suffering no chronic medical conditions.
Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol is used by computers for you know okay okay like uh so um okay I mean well mnnit mnnit requesting Internet Protocol parameters, such as an IP address from a network server.
On 27 September 2012 it was announced I mean well well I mean okay well okay uh well so technical staff had been invited to volunteer for so um I mean I mean I mean you know okay well okay uh redundancy; this as part of the production moving from Granada Studios to MediaCityUK.
After some time on furlough, spent expanding his well you know so you know uh um so I mean I mean so landholdings, Taylor was promoted to colonel of the um uh like okay well like okay like uh um 1st Infantry Regiment in April 1832, when the Black Hawk War was beginning in the West.
Chalk Farm is a place in the London Borough okay well I mean you know I mean well like I mean well well of Camden, best known as the site of 'The you know um I mean uh I mean uh you know uh so um Roundhouse', a former circular railway engine shed which was subsequently converted for arts and performance use.
After flowing some distance in the highland ( 'Altiplano' ) okay like I mean you know okay uh like so you know so of western - central Michoacan State, the River takes I mean I mean okay um um so I mean you know okay like a course mainly towards the south, and finally drains I mean so well you know so so okay um um um into the Balsas River which, in turn, empties into the Pacific Ocean.
He oversaw a massive increase in Canada's naval forces; you know you know I mean well I mean um I mean like you know um played a key role in a political crisis that threatened um okay I mean so you know okay um you know okay like to tear the Liberal government and the country apart uh you know so so well um you know I mean I mean I mean and incurred the wrath of Mackenzie King, a political leader whom Macdonald grew to loathe.
Boston Day and Evening Academy, located in Roxbury, re-engages well um you know like like like okay well like so off - track students in their education preparing uh well so like you know well um I mean uh um them for high school graduation, post-secondary success and meaningful participation in their community.
She earned her Bachelor of Fine Arts degree like um so uh you know okay so um uh I mean from Howard University in 1997, then attended the Juilliard well okay you know um you know like so um well I mean School's Drama Division as a member of 'Group 30' (1997 I mean uh so okay uh you know you know you know um so -- 2001), which also included actors Lee Pace and Anthony Mackie.
The original plan for the bridge was to use concrete like um I mean so so okay uh like you know well to keep costs down, but a steel design was uh well uh uh you know uh like I mean okay okay chosen after the bids for a concrete bridge came in too high.
John Luke (19 January 1906 -- 1975) was born in Belfast at 4 Lewis Street.
The Tohoku Main Line runs mostly parallel to the Tohoku uh um um okay you know um okay you know like okay Shinkansen, and upon the Shinkansen's extension to Aomori, the remaining you know you know I mean like I mean okay okay okay like um northern portion of the line is expected to be uh I mean okay like uh um um well like you know spun off to a third - sector railway operator.
Club de Deportes Provincial Temuco is a Chilean Football club, their home town is Temuco, Chile.
She was drawn to the project to give her young children um uh uh you know like I mean like uh so like an opportunity to 'hear (her) and get a like you know so uh uh uh well I mean um uh sense of (her) on film', although the film proved to be a box office bomb.
In 1925, Vionnet's fashion house expanded with premises like uh I mean like um I mean um uh um I mean on Fifth Avenue in New York, selling designs purchased off the peg and adapted to the wearer.
In 1871 the name was changed to Texas Institution you know um I mean um okay like so okay so you know for the Deaf and Dumb, and it changed again to Texas Deaf and Dumb Asylum around 1877.
However, Helen quickly quits her new waitress job, and um okay so okay um uh well um so I mean just before Bobby is to assist Hank in a burglary, he overdoses.
However, despite the widespread legend of tipping cows, numerous publications have debunked the practice's feasibility.
Later during Nizams rule due to insufficient space hospital um you know um well well I mean I mean okay well well was shifted to other building and the same building was converted to Hussainia which can be visited anytime throughout the year.
Dukes of neighboring lands, three brothers Gineika, Milgerinas and well so I mean I mean um like like uh uh like Tučė, grew unhappy with expanding power of Mindaugas uh like so I mean I mean okay like um um okay and his clan and invaded Lengvenis' estate (believed to be in Nalšia, northeastern Lithuania with the center in Ginučiai Hillfort).
In 2015, both men pleaded guilty and awaited sentencing under so uh you know well so uh I mean uh uh okay their plea agreements although in 2016, McCrory requested that okay um so uh like so so well um like he be allowed to change his plea to not guilty.
George Lorillard died in Nice, France, in 1886 at uh like um uh like so well uh okay um the age of forty - two; his funeral was okay like um well uh okay well so you know um held in Grace Church in New York City on April 17.
On May 25, 1944 U- 853 spotted the 'Queen well um uh I mean okay you know so I mean I mean uh Mary', loaded with American troops and supplies, and submerged to attack, well well okay I mean so okay well um like you know but was outrun by the much larger and faster ship.
AgilOne is a US American company founded in 2007 you know um you know I mean um like okay so okay like that sells customer data platform software to enterprise B2C brands.
The OVA Haru Wo Daite, other wise known as 'Embracing Love', has two episodes (30 minutes long).
Everyone else from the TV show has left the group, and been okay you know you know I mean okay you know you know so you know okay replaced by bass singer Reggie Battise, bass player Jim I mean you know um you know I mean like you know I mean I mean uh Waldbillig, guitarist Gene Jaramillo, drummer Paul Kimbarow, and sax player Michael Brown.
The West Cornwall Railway was a railway company in um well okay so well um um um I mean you know Cornwall, England formed in 1846 to operate the existing okay uh okay I mean you know um I mean uh okay like Hayle Railway between Hayle and Redruth and extend the railway to Penzance and Truro.
Initially joining the BBC in 1967 as a reporter for 'The uh so I mean I mean so well uh so like uh World At One', she went on to host 'Woman's Hour' from 1972 until 1987.
After almost two decades the Mongolian economy is uh you know so okay I mean okay okay I mean I mean so struggling still struggling with the same structural problems, in addition, they I mean so uh well um um I mean well I mean well have been hit hard by the drop in commodity prices and collapse in foreign direct investment.
Christensen was raised in Los Angeles, California and started out on television in commercials for McDonald's.
Esler was appointed as the sixth Chancellor of the University of so um you know um I mean I mean you know you know so like Kent on 24 January 2014 and he was installed as Chancellor in July that year.
Twenty Flight Rockers (sometimes abbreviated as TFR) were you know uh uh I mean um okay okay uh I mean so an English rock band founded by Supernaut singer Gary Twinn, and Generation X drummer Mark Laff.
He has an unrequited crush on Pearl, calling her 'the hot um I mean I mean well well you know I mean okay like so one'; this is shown in 'Historical Friction', so um uh okay well uh like well uh I mean when he sat down with Pearl, but Pearl nervously changed seats.
The first, on 1st violins and violas, you know I mean you know well um I mean so okay so uh is like the winds of a graveyard; the second, played by I mean well okay like okay um uh well so well oboes, is slower and more melancholic; the third theme is played by the cor anglais accompanied by a lugubrious marching rhythm.
Alpine Activity Centre - The Alpine Activity Centre is um uh like uh so so like uh uh like located at Jindabyne, km south - west of Sydney and consists so okay like you know like I mean um well um so of the Tony Balthasar Lodge and the Kanangra & Bluegum cottages.
The four performances from 2002 to 2005, however, saw so well uh like well okay uh you know okay so greatly expanded crew sizes, increasingly ambitious, complex props, and set pieces intended to convey theatrical 'narratives'.
Ang II also functions within the RAAS as a negative feedback you know you know uh okay like I mean well you know um like to suppress the further release of renin, reductions in Ang II levels suppress the feedback loop.
He studied in the campus of Takoradi Polytechnic but dropped out so uh uh well you know like well I mean uh I mean of school in 1996 to pursue God's call to ministry.
He was the son of Ed White, a sharecropper, and graduated from Texas Tech University in 1946.
The 'Pall Mall Gazette' was an evening newspaper um you know I mean so uh um you know um okay you know founded in London on 7 February 1865 by George Murray Smith; its first editor was Frederick Greenwood.
Although he continued to write prolifically after 1950, Clark um you know um I mean well well okay okay uh I mean published no more fiction during the remaining two well like like well um I mean um you know you know like decades of his life. Thereafter he devoted his creative energies to teaching, holdingseveral academic positions.
Patents were granted to Nathan Stedman on April 10, you know uh so I mean okay so well well like like 1894, for the disintegrator, as the patent named the machines we know these machines today as Cage Mills.
The net mobile AG is a business - to like so you know okay well you know um like uh uh - business service provider for mobile payment, mobile content and um well like you know so uh you know okay um you know other value - added services which it offers to mobile network operators, digital media companies, and publishers worldwide.
He is, in fact, a native of Aughavas Co. Leitrim so okay so I mean so so okay um well so and a descendant of the great Uí Ruairc royal house of Breffni.
Historically, these numbers were associated with the number of uh uh uh like so well I mean uh you know okay times that the wire was pulled through a draw plate, so I mean okay uh you know um okay like well uh becoming harder or stiffer each time it was drawn through the drawplate.
Although they did not have what is classified as well well like you know uh um um um okay um Modern Kid Power, it is estimated that there was so okay um okay like like you know okay um well enough kid power that one could gain kid power by just being in the vicinity of the Crusade.
Bonita M. Bergin Ed. D. (born 1945 in like so uh you know I mean um so so well okay Port Angeles, Washington United States) is President of the okay um so I mean uh so um okay I mean um and originator of the 'service dog', dogs that are trained to help people with mobility limitations.
International faculty reported a concern on whether they could pass to like I mean like I mean you know well uh I mean like um obtain the Green Card which will determine if they can well like you know so uh like um um so well continue to work in the United States Collins, Jennifer M. 2008.
Born in Greensborough, Victoria, Lewis was a grade cricketer who you know like you know um uh I mean I mean uh so um played for Northcote and the Victorian Bushrangers gave him his first - class debut in the 1999/2000 season.
The statement is used to define loops which um uh I mean well you know well um um well I mean are executed until a condition is true (not, unlike other languages).
John's parents fly up from Los Angeles to the you know well so okay I mean well so I mean so like Draytons' dinner but don't know that Joanna is white until they meet her.
The country was divided into different economical and political systems, with like well so so I mean well you know I mean so so several kinds of currency in circulation, and the ancient I mean um like well you know okay like you know so um Baltic Sea port of the Free City of Danzig did not become part of Poland.
A few months after Womer was born his mother (Roxie) like uh well um uh um well um okay like took ill, and it became increasingly difficult for her to um I mean so uh I mean you know uh uh okay well care for four children and his parents decided to send like okay uh uh okay okay uh uh you know um him to Sunbury, Pennsylvania to live with his aunt Dolsie ( Roxie's sister ).
Demerara can be found in supermarkets along with other uh well um you know so um you know um um you know specialty sugars, but usually they are sold in small sizes for customers who wish to experiment.
They exceeded this with a then record 323 at Melbourne I mean so um you know okay well uh okay you know like in the next Test, after Barnes had dismissed Bardsley, Kelleway, like you know uh you know okay okay well so I mean like Hill and Armstrong for 3 runs in his opening spell on the first day.
The Invisible Rail, first classified by English zoologist George well well so so you know okay so um um so Robert Gray in 1860, is the only member of the monotypic genus 'Habroptila'.
The oldest daughter by Troy's first marriage with a long history of drug abuse.
Overall, Ami is a naive but bubbly and gentle girl, and a very reliable friend.
John Chisum also brought his herds up the Pecos and, uh so like okay okay you know so okay you know um as employer of the desperado Billy the Kid, like um okay like uh so okay you know like okay figured prominently in the Lincoln County War of 1878 - 1880.
During the ensuing 40th Canadian Parliament Duncan was appointed I mean um you know well okay you know uh um so well as the NDP critic on the Environment, and sat as um uh so like uh okay um you know you know you know a member of the Standing Committee on Environment and Sustainable Development.
Since then, she's returned to her home brovince of um um I mean uh uh well um okay um uh Saskatchewan where she now works at CBC Regina, in both radio and television.
A post house, posthouse, posting house or post houses okay well uh you know well I mean I mean like uh so were houses or inns where horses were kept and I mean I mean well okay um like um okay um well could be rented and postriders could be hired to take okay you know okay um you know well um okay okay uh travellers Collins English Dictionary 12th Edition 2014, HarperCollins Publisher by carriage or coach.
At 18, Lucy entered Sarah Lawrence College where she made her first real friends and furthered her love of poetry.
The Sinaia lead plates are a set of lead plates I mean okay uh so like like uh well I mean so written in an unknown language or constructed language and you know like you know you know well I mean um okay um uh are alleged to be a chronicle of the Dacians, but well I mean so um um like I mean okay like um they are widely considered by historians and linguists to be a 19th century fake.
Motonobu was given many commissions for paintings from a variety uh you know um um okay okay well okay so um of sources, including the Ashikaga government, members of the aristocracy, and major Kyoto shrines and temples.
As the storm tracked eastward into Indiana, it became well well so well okay well well um um okay a derecho and wind gusts increased substantially, peaking as high as okay um you know uh well uh um uh I mean well 91 mph (147 km / h) in Fort Wayne, well okay uh like um okay uh uh so well equivalent to a Category 1 hurricane, at least in gusts.
Most noticeable in both sexes is the development of underarm like so okay um I mean you know um so uh like and pubic hair, which are accordingly sometimes viewed as a secondary sex characteristic.
Originally used for warfare, the moves of pradal serey have been slightly altered for the modern ring sport.
They also worked on the cartoon 'A. T. O. M' like I mean I mean well uh uh okay well well I mean. Around 2004 -- 05, where he noted that the character was uh uh uh well you know okay you know like um um pretty strong, but that he had no memory of seeing any ladybug - themed superhero.
Daniel Alfredsson (born 11 December 1972) is a Swedish professional well you know I mean so okay you know like like I mean okay ice hockey player who is currently playing for the Detroit Red Wings of the National Hockey League (NHL).
From 1889 to 1891, Chafer attended Oberlin College, where he met Ella Loraine Case.
The outside resembles the Panhard's VBL, used by um well you know so uh so so well I mean you know the French army, but the LAV has 4 doors and a large cabin for carrying soldiers.
The Swiss Federation of Cricket Umpires and Scorers uh like uh like um so so I mean well you know (swissFocus) was constituted in June 2001, its objectives being to like so uh uh like well well well okay okay promote and develop Cricket Umpiring and Scoring in Switzerland, and to attain so so you know uh you know like I mean well um okay and maintain recognised standards of Cricket Umpiring and Scoring.
Teiresias was a blind prophet of Zeus, various stories okay well you know so okay okay well uh well like tell that he became blind as punishment for revealing secrets of the gods.
Deming's industrial park became home to the ten - acre well like I mean okay so uh okay you know you know okay Forward Operating Base Border Wolf, a Forward Operating Base supporting Operation Jump Start.
She was born in Los Angeles, California, grew up in Garden Grove, California, and attended California State University, Fullerton.
Other uses of this word include a nautical, okay you know um you know like like so okay well like meaning a mast step, which by its arrangement of boards like I mean like I mean you know so I mean uh well so allows the mast to be raised and lowered, and a you know you know I mean uh um I mean okay you know uh okay similar wooden bar scaffold used for holding a large rug while weaving.
Independent Film Channel acquired the international broadcast rights to 'Wilfred' like so I mean well like like um um well well in 2010, and a U. S. Remake starring Elijah so I mean you know like you know well so I mean like okay Wood will premiere on the cable channel FX in June 2011.
By the age of twenty he had taken over well like um uh well so um like uh okay the malt - making side of the family well um I mean um um well you know so so you know business and in June 1567 married Maud Stone (1545 -- 1616) from Henley - on - Thames.
However, that's not to say that there aren't okay you know like I mean well I mean like okay uh okay some excellent images among the finalists, indeed, all of the you know I mean I mean like um um I mean like so uh other finalists are strong images and could easily find wide use.
Another form of the name appears to have been so like I mean well um so okay like I mean I mean 'Cuib', with the title of 'king' of Cobo making it's well well well well um like okay um you know you know first appearance in the Annals of Tigernach under the year 685AD, and in the Annals of Ulster under 735AD.
He has survived many murder attempts and in 2004 he escaped from prison.
Fleming, p. 237 In fact in Russia in 1941, so you know uh well okay like uh so I mean like when engaged in heavy fighting, a single German infantry division required uh uh okay so so well I mean well okay I mean up to 1, 100 tons of supplies a day, though a uh I mean so um I mean um well okay well like more usual figure would be 212 - 425 tons per day.
There are four different types of Copic markers, though all use the same ink.
Climbing all of Colorado's fourteeners is a popular pastime among peak so um well you know so um um well um okay baggers; another popular target is climbing all of the fourteeners in the contiguous United States.
It was designed by Svein Rosseland, built by okay I mean so like okay you know um like I mean uh Gundersen & Løken, a Norwegian commercial instrument manufacturer, and installed at uh well okay like you know okay okay I mean okay I mean the first floor of the Institute for Theorethical Astrophysics at the University of Oslo.
The eastern slope of Whitney is far steeper than well okay you know like I mean you know um um you know uh its western slope because the entire Sierra Nevada is uh like I mean like uh you know okay like I mean um the result of a fault - block that is analogous to a so so I mean you know um uh like I mean okay well cellar door: the door is hinged on the west and is slowly rising on the east.
The site was originally occupied by the Majestic okay um like I mean I mean you know I mean you know you know I mean Cabaret, which operated from 1929 to 1984 and was a key venue for ballroom events in Wellington.
They live in a form of symbiosis with their well uh well I mean okay you know okay well you know I mean smaller, more brutish cousins; the mother rats using their superior well like I mean um like um like okay you know okay intelligence to guide their servants in their attacks, whilst they in I mean so so I mean like well like okay like um turn provide food for their crippled and blind masters.
Do Kyung - soo (born), better known by his stage okay like uh well I mean like okay okay um okay name D. O. , is a South Korean singer like you know okay you know I mean um okay uh I mean you know and actor best known as a member and one of okay like um uh so like so you know like like the main vocalists of the South Korean - Chinese boy group EXO.
It is half the size of all previous basic receivers uh uh like well um I mean um um uh like and provides coaxial cable, composite video and S - Video okay okay like like okay you know you know so you know um outputs, as well as an optical output for 5. 1 surround sound purposes.
The merger of Kmart and Sears closed on March 24, 2005, following affirmative shareholder votes of both companies.
Gruffydd Maredudd Bowen Rhys (; born 18 July 1970 in you know well so you know um okay well well um well Haverfordwest ) is a Welsh musician, performing solo and with I mean so you know um like well I mean like well well several bands, including Super Furry Animals who obtained mainstream success in the 1990s.
Richard Frank 'Dick' Celeste (born November 11, 1937) is an like okay um well well I mean like um like well American former diplomat, university administrator and politician from Ohio, he is well you know um so so uh I mean I mean you know uh a member of the Democratic Party and served as you know so so like you know okay so uh um uh the 64th Governor of Ohio from 1983 to 1991.
Secondly, in contrast to Liu' being a professional soldier, Deng was okay I mean okay uh uh you know uh um well okay a political activist and knew little about military, so uh you know like okay well okay um you know uh their personalities and personal lives were quite different which made them impossible to be true friends.
The Hurstbridge line is both notable and notorious for okay you know well um um you know so like well well having several single - track sections, due to constraints imposed by geography and lack of government investment.
Hiro is a 14 - year - old robotics prodigy like so you know okay so uh um okay okay like whose battle robot dominates the underground bot fights of San Fransokyo.
Generation I Caravans used Chrysler's S platform, closely related well so like so I mean uh uh like you know like to the K - platform, in three trim levels: base, mainstream 'SE', and 'LE'.
There is a serious shortage of U. S. Citizens graduating uh so you know you know so so I mean okay um so with degrees in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics, and mathematics so I mean like I mean you know uh you know okay you know okay - computer science is the discipline with the largest projected shortfalls.
The M25Y is a single - cylinder two - stroke, displacement, um okay you know you know um okay so I mean um like air - cooled, gasoline engine design, with a poly V belt um I mean um like you know so like um so so reduction drive with reduction ratios of 2. 2: 1, 2 like okay like so I mean okay like so well you know. 3: 1, 2. 5: 1, 2. 6: 1, 2. 7: 1 and 2. 88: 1.
The planes had originally been flown as part of you know well well well you know um I mean I mean so like Japan's 12th, 13th, 14th, 15th Naval Units and Shanghai Kokutai on I mean I mean you know I mean I mean okay okay so um okay the mainland, and as part of Japan's Formosan Navy units and Hao Toko, Takao, Tetshu, Kagi, Toki and Tainan Kokutai.
Glory is upset when she sees he is not um like so well you know you know like I mean I mean like the Key, and decides to torture him in hopes that he knows where the Key is.
The industry accepted him even he did not have any uh um well so like so like you know um I mean creative background and now his son is also walking on his path.
Samuel Groth and Chris Guccione were the defending champions, but Guccione did not participate.
He tells her loves her and their love was always um I mean like so I mean well well you know um okay meant to be, but Kari rejects him and he collapses on the floor.
Whilst known as Tizer Ice, the mascot of the drink was uh um like so well okay okay I mean okay so a variation of Ed the Tizer Head, whilst its well okay uh like like okay like uh you know okay sole video advertisement which was shown in cinemas featured a character known as the 'Iceman'.
'Lord Snow' is the third episode of the HBO like well um um okay like like well well uh medieval fantasy television series 'Game of Thrones', first aired on May 1, 2011.
It has now been discontinued and it never got past beta testing.
The Siege of's - Hertogenbosch was in 1629 an action of well um so um uh um uh um like so the Eighty Years 'War in which a Dutch Republican you know um okay uh you know um um like like uh army captured the city of's - Hertogenbosch which had been well uh um like like uh I mean um uh okay loyal to the King of Spain since 1579 and thus part of the Spanish Netherlands.
In 1989, as a follow up to their Enigma debut, you know okay so I mean um uh I mean okay you know uh they released a third CD, 'State of Control' um okay you know well well uh so like like uh and a full production Live CD on Medusa Records called 'Hotter than Hell Live!' was released the following year.
Eastern Hero was a chestnut gelding with a white well well like well so uh okay so okay uh blaze bred in County Dublin, Ireland by Larry King, a local farmer who trained and rode his own horses.
For three years (2001 - 2004), he served like I mean you know well you know okay uh like you know like as Mayor of Auckland and was re-elected to this office in uh um so like like um I mean I mean I mean uh 2007, and is a former Cabinet Minister for the National Party.
The employer contribution rate has been 9. 5 % since 1 July well I mean okay you know um so so okay I mean so 2014, and is planned to increase gradually to 12 % between 2021 and 2025.
It reached the top ten in the United Kingdom, Australia um like uh um uh you know um well like well and the Netherlands, and became Kelis 'biggest success um uh uh well well I mean um so uh you know to date on' Billboard' Hot 100 in the United States, peaking at number three.
By the end of 2005, the consolidated URALSIB Financial Corporation increased um I mean so well like so uh like you know well its assets by almost 10 times, and took the you know um okay so okay like um like so uh 5th place in the DCM, also it was among the three leading private banks and asset management companies.
For SDR, DDR and QDR, links use 8b/10b so well uh well well I mean um like um um encoding -- every 10 bits sent carry 8 bits well okay uh uh okay okay I mean um you know well of data -- making the effective data transmission rate four - fifths the raw rate.
Navigation has long been a traditional human activity on uh uh like okay uh you know like uh um um the Coral Sea and there are 10 major ports on the Queensland coast alone.
At the Benham Hill roundabout it goes along Bath um I mean uh I mean so I mean uh um so uh Road where it deviates from the old Turnpike Road uh you know okay well well I mean well so um you know (still named as such), and then along London Road as it enters the outskirts of Newbury.
Son of a Dutch father (Jean Adam Koenigstein) and a French mother I mean you know you know um okay like I mean so well like (Marie Ravachol), he adopted his mother's maiden like like you know okay you know well okay well uh okay name after the father abandoned the family when he was only 8 years old.
After an appeal by British Prime Minister Ramsay MacDonald, uh okay I mean uh so I mean okay you know uh uh Hahn was released and in July 1933 he was um well uh well okay so I mean like I mean um able to emigrate to Britain, where he settled in um so you know uh um okay you know okay so um Scotland and founded Gordonstoun on similar principles to the school in Salem.
He has opened a laboratory of ceramics in Umbria, um uh um um um uh well uh you know well operating between art and craft, he does personal exhibitions, especially in Holland, and participates in numerous collectives.
The school was founded in 2000, 36 years after the well like so so uh okay uh you know you know okay mission's founding, following a request by the local community for a mission boarding school.
It is reported that few students have left their okay you know well uh um well so so you know you know courses due to unbearable ragging they undergo, and a new tendency okay well like I mean like like um like so uh is emerging as students who complete their GCE Advanced I mean okay like well like okay well okay like okay Level examination enter private higher educational institutions where ragging remains minimum, without entering government universities.
The importance of Pyongyang declined in the late 16th century, when I mean uh well so um so um um okay um the Japanese conquered it, and the city was further damaged when it you know so you know I mean so okay so um uh you know was overrun by the Manchus early in the 17th century.
On the plane, they accidentally make two people disappear Their uncle begins to train them on how to use their powers.
Franz Werfel was born a German - speaking Jew so I mean like okay I mean like you know you know um I mean in Prague in 1890, and became well known as a playwright.
Mir Chakar's tribe still live in southern Punjab well so uh like so okay like you know like you know to this day and speak the Seraiki language, they well uh like I mean I mean like uh you know you know I mean still exert considerable influence in the daily affairs of the district.
Smith was instrumental in the lifting of the siege so um I mean um uh well okay well you know so by arranging for NATO air strikes and an artillery barrage which uh so well you know I mean um you know um so so enabled a ground assault by Bosnian and Croatian forces, which ended the siege an led to the Dayton Agreement.
Some experiments show the evidence of 'tetraquarks' -- 'exotic' like so I mean okay um uh so um I mean well mesons made of two quarks and two antiquark, but I mean uh so um okay you know well so you know like the particle physics community as a whole does not view their existence as likely, although still posible.
Sadhu Sundar Singh (September 3, 1889 Patiala State, India) um so I mean okay okay um well like like okay is believed to have died in the foothills of the Himalayas in 1929.
Nevertheless, they swung behind the Vichy line and caused so so well like well I mean like okay I mean okay chaos - fire was poured on the Vichy defences from behind and the radio station and a barracks were seized.
Lawrence Booth (d. 1480) studied both civil and canon law at Pembroke Hall in Cambridge, becoming a licentiate.
The physician assistant program was first accredited on May 1, 1990, okay so you know I mean uh uh so you know um so and as of 2000, the program became a masters level program.
The males are generally bigger than the females. Unusually large well okay uh okay well like well like well um males can weigh up to, stand nearly tall and measure just over long.
In 2002, Cilvaringz launched his entertainment company RPEG Ltd well so okay so okay um uh you know um um which organized world tours and booked live performances for various well so like like okay um you know uh like like artists including Wu - Tang Clan members, Sean Paul, KRS One, 50 Cent, Mr Probz, Gorillaz and others.
Hammershøi's work has an aloof austerity ( very different okay uh okay I mean um I mean uh you know like um than Ilsted's scenes of common life ), and I mean so um like well you know so like you know I mean though sometimes Hammershøi's colorful early pictures are reminiscent of Tissot, his work is quintessentially Danish.
Jurevicius underwent an seventh surgery to clear out scar so like I mean so uh like you know you know um you know tissue in late 2008, vowing to return for the 2009 season.
Born in County Cavan, Brady, had addresses in London, Cambridgeshire and Rugby, Warwickshire.
From 17 January 1943, it was part of the British First okay so so like okay okay I mean well so uh Army in Tunisia and from there it fought through the uh uh so um uh I mean uh uh I mean so Italian Campaign with both the US Fifth Army and the British Eighth Army.
Sergei Vladimirovich Brylin (; born January 13, 1974 ) is a um um like you know okay you know well okay uh uh Russian professional ice hockey center currently playing for Metallurg Novokuznetsk of the Kontinental Hockey League.
After Dreamz discovered his alliance had neglected to tell okay I mean you know uh I mean uh um I mean like okay him about Mookie's idol, he defected to Earl's alliance and worked with so well uh so uh like so so so I mean them to trick Mookie into misplaying his idol, resulting in the systematic eliminations of the three loyal Horsemen.
Ficquelmont participated in all Austrian campaigns in the Revolutionary and like you know like you know okay uh uh so um uh Napoleonic Wars, rising to the rank of an 'Oberst' and chief like okay okay so um so well you know well um of staff in the army of Archduke Ferdinand Karl Joseph of Austria - Este.
In 2001, an experimental satellite - based weapon that so like uh uh I mean well okay like uh so fires miniature black holes, called the Dimension Tide, opens a uh uh like uh uh um like well um I mean wormhole through which a giant prehistoric dragonfly enters the okay you know well so like um okay so okay I mean present and deposits a single egg before exiting through the wormhole.
She also studied Drama and used to combine so um so you know um um you know I mean you know like writing with her work as an actress and producer okay so okay well uh uh uh okay like you know in her country, where she worked in theatre plays and in various soap operas.
The successful 2 point conversion made it 36 - 26, but I mean like like like well you know you know well uh well the Patriots 'Alge Crumpler recovered the onside kick and gained 7 yards to Pittsburgh's 33 - yard line.
A native of the area around Jumet, he was active well like um uh um okay uh you know okay like in the vicinity of Charleroi; included in his output are a I mean I mean um well um I mean uh like well well number of aphorisms and a book of memoirs, published in 1980.
The club was 41 - 45 in a tight I mean you know you know well um I mean I mean okay uh okay division race in which they finished one game out in okay well so so um I mean uh so well well the first half but tied for last in the second half but just 4 games back.
Allen's father was a professional boxer, his mother died when he was two, and he was raised by his grandmother.
He is the iconic 'dambura player' of okay like like well well well you know you know you know okay his generation, and is known for his unique style of regional traditional music.
When they were signed by Island Records in I mean I mean I mean uh okay well I mean I mean so uh the US the band decided to film a higher uh okay uh uh uh okay uh like okay well budget video: the American video for this song stars Flowers, um okay I mean well like like okay so okay like Izabella Miko, and Eric Roberts in a love triangle, taking place within the context of a burlesque show.
Situated at the foot of the Mount Nakhal um like okay so so so okay um um like on a rocky prominence it is to the northeast of Al Jabal Al Akhdar or Green Mountain.
As time goes by they go to the race track, well um okay so you know so uh like okay I mean where they are spotted by none other than Jeff's old partner, Fisher.
Together with the organization's president Li JianChiu (李建秋), they set up uh so I mean you know uh you know uh um okay okay their establishment of the federation in Beijing as okay well you know like uh I mean well you know you know you know the philanthropic branch of the Chinese salvationist religion well like like well okay I mean well okay okay okay Guiyidao (皈依道), the 'Way of the Return to the One'.
The Ironside story was considered as an option in support uh you know so okay okay you know uh uh um like of Ferdinand, but Noel Wild and Ops (B), the SHAEF well uh okay well you know well you know okay uh so deception planners, were worried about the impact of a theoretical US invasion force on the continuing Fortitude deception.
Given the precarious political connections of Sher Afghan before you know okay you know okay like you know like so um so his death, his family was in great danger and therefore for I mean I mean so um okay okay I mean so um you know her own protection, Mehrunnissa needed to be at the Mughal court in Agra.
Photons from an ideal single photon source exhibit photon antibunching, like so uh so so okay um uh like I mean so that the time between two successive photons is never less than some minimum value.
Franklin left the small role to pursue greater opportunity as a main like like like um well uh I mean like so so cast member on 'Traffic Light' along with another former player you know um uh okay okay I mean I mean well you know uh on 'The Office', David Denman, who played Pam's ex-fiancee Roy.
The rift between Robert and Godwin culminated in Robert's deposition um like um well okay uh like well well I mean and exile in 1052, and he died at Jumièges sometime between 1052 and 1055.
He was educated at Marlborough College from 1976 to well I mean so like well you know I mean so I mean so 1981 and went on to read Arabic and Islamic Studies at Pembroke College, Cambridge.
Matthew Currie Holmes (born May 26, 1974) is a um okay you know uh well I mean you know I mean um um Canadian actor / producer / writer / director who has appeared in over forty film and television projects.
He has collected four caps while scoring one goal.
Under the terms on the airline bankruptcy the training academy uh well I mean well so uh okay um so um was permitted to remain open as an independent training uh well uh um okay I mean okay uh like okay organization in 1992 under its current name Pan Am International Flight Academy.
Patricians always married by 'confarreatio', while plebeians married by 'coemptio' um like uh uh um well well I mean um I mean or 'usus': in the latter, a woman could avoid so well like okay you know like so like well so her husband's legal control simply by being absent uh you know um you know uh uh I mean I mean um okay from their shared home for three consecutive nights, once a year.
Adam Jr. Then experiences an intense high throughout the well um I mean so I mean so okay so you know um night, at one point calling Jill and telling her he's a god.
Charles Herbert Flowers High School is comprehensive and Science and Technology you know you know like like like well you know so uh uh magnet school located in Springdale, Maryland and part of the Prince George's County School System.
Glenn Bell is a professional rugby league footballer who so I mean okay well um you know you know so you know like played in the 1980s, and 1990s, playing at representative well you know um I mean well well like um okay okay level for Scotland, and at club level for Featherstone Rovers, Dewsbury Rams and Doncaster as a.
The Canadian Athletic Therapists Association (CATA) is a like uh like so you know so you know you know you know well professional body was established on April 24, 1965 at a meeting at Maple Leaf Gardens in Toronto, Ontario.
When he realizes he can't win, he tells Satella to well uh uh uh you know um I mean well you know okay take Azmaria as far away as they can, but you know well okay well I mean so um okay I mean like before they can escape, Joshua turns Azmaria into stone and like like uh like I mean well well okay like um takes her away back to Eden along with Fiore, Genai, Viede and Aion.
Cardiff was once a full member of the university but you know so like well like well okay so well I mean has now left (though it retained some ties) having uh you know um well I mean so um I mean okay um previously merged with the University of Wales College of Medicine (which was also a former member).
Persons with parental responsibility should also be consulted and if okay okay so like uh okay uh um uh you know they object the child (unless they are over 16 years well I mean like um I mean well so um well so old) can not be accommodated under Section 20 of um so okay um like um uh you know um well this Act; the parent can also remove the child from the accommodation provided at any time.
An important creation myth of the islands of okay well um um uh okay I mean I mean so you know Tuvalu is the story of the Eel and the Flounder; I mean uh well um so like uh uh you know you know the Flounder reminding the Tuvaluans of the flat atolls.
Humbert Sánchez is the father of Perla Gabriela Sánchez, quien sufferes I mean um um I mean okay well so so um I mean from severe Cerebral Palsy caused by medical negligence during you know you know um I mean well um okay um well you know her birth and has been treated for the like you know um you know um okay well well so uh condition at the Children's Rehabilitation Center of Tlalnepantla for seven years, reducing her convulsions.
Anja Feldmann (1966 -- present) studied computer science at Universität Paderborn and received her Diplom in 1990.
Aaron 'Jesus' Aguilera was part of the team Los I mean you know so uh I mean you know um well uh okay Pochos Guapos with Kaos who main evented well uh I mean well so okay okay okay um like in third episode in a Tables, Ladders and Cervasa's match ending their feud with Luke Hawx and Alkatrazz.
Can he swing from a thread? no, but he can rip off your head.
On March 31 2016 Carson signed with the Los Angeles like uh uh so I mean well well well um um Sparks In 2016, Carson won her first WNBA Championship with the Sparks as they defeated the Minnesota Lynx 3 - 2.
Chutzpa Productions Inc. Has set the bar with thought - so so so like like well like you know you know I mean provoking, edgy, award - winning films, spearheading a new movement in contemporary documentary filmmaking that is often mimicked by others.
The name 'Elephant and Castle' in South London is I mean so um well um you know I mean uh so uh often said to derive from this expression, though this derivation is generally rejected by etymologists.
He currently holds the Thomas G. Myers Professorship Chair well like uh so like you know um okay like well of Electrical Engineering and is also a Professor of okay so so okay okay I mean well so you know um Medical Engineering at the California Institute of Technology (Caltech).
Leeds Carnegie Handball Club (LCHC) is a university - um okay so okay I mean so I mean okay I mean I mean based, amateur handball club registered in the England Handball well you know like um so you know okay well I mean uh Association, which hosts both men's and women's teams, and is based at Leeds Metropolitan University in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England.
He was a student of Zhang Binglin; some of Zhang's uh um uh you know like like you know okay like well works were copied and printed in Qian's remarkable seal script handwriting.
John Doman (born January 9, 1945) is an uh you know uh okay okay I mean like like like so American actor best known for playing Deputy Police Commissioner uh so so uh I mean um well uh okay well William Rawls on HBO series 'The Wire' from 2002 to 2008 and Colonel Edward Galson on 'Oz' in 2001.
Postwar the Vickers Directors decided to borrow, purchase the um um so um okay okay like okay well well whole Ward End site and further expand I mean uh like I mean so uh well like well um Wolseley's works and to consolidate their motor - car interests in one company.
Hugh Lawson White (August 19, 1881 -- September 20, well uh okay I mean um okay so well well like 1965) was born near McComb and attended the University of Mississippi where he was a member of St. Anthony Hall.
'Nobody But Me' is a single by American country music I mean uh I mean um okay well um so I mean well singer Blake Shelton that reached the Top 5 on the 'Billboard' Hot Country Songs chart.
Gateson made her film debut in 1931 after a career so um well well so so uh okay uh like on the stage of more than two decades, playing secondary okay um you know so like so uh well I mean um character roles as women of wealth and breeding, who were often haughty and aloof.
This is a four stage rocket in a okay um I mean um um um uh well I mean I mean configuration which only flew twice before, both to launch Phobos spacecraft towards Mars in 1988.
The young widow edited her father's papers, which provide insight into the events of the Revolutionary era.
The contestant was on the team that won the challenge.
A native of Cross River State, he attended a so um okay well uh I mean um well so uh few catholic seminaries before he became a priest, he was ordained okay like like well well like like um um uh on December 7, 1947, and became the first priest from the old Calabar province.
It is thought that the first school in so well well like uh well okay like uh um the USA to introduce RFID technology was Spring Independent you know so you know I mean like okay okay you know uh I mean School District near Houston, Texas, which, in 2004, gave well I mean I mean I mean I mean you know so I mean well so 28, 000 students RFID badges to record when students got on and off school buses.
Fort Hill, also known as the John C. Calhoun um so you know well uh you know you know um okay you know Mansion and Library, was originally built as a four room uh um uh um like okay uh well um okay house about 1803 and was called Clergy Hall by um so okay so so uh you know uh you know so Dr. James McElhenny, who was the pastor of Hopewell Presbyterian Church.
Local government is supplied by the Goondiwindi Town Council while okay like like like okay well so okay okay so the town is also the administrative centre for the Waggamba Shire.
Just before the Riley Center was completed, the city announced well like um I mean you know like uh you know uh um that it had bought the Threefoot Building from a private um I mean well you know uh so well you know uh so developer, hoping that a Jackson renovation firm would convert the former office building into a luxury hotel.
On 19 November 2011, he captained Schalke for the well you know uh um well so um so I mean well first time due to an injury of Benedikt Höwedes well so okay I mean uh you know um like you know you know in a 4 -- 0 home win against Nuremberg; he also I mean so okay well you know so well okay okay like scored the second goal and assisted the fourth in that game.
Popular religiosity appears as an alternative manifestation to the okay well like like so I mean um okay so so official religion as a way for people to seek their like I mean I mean well I mean uh you know you know okay uh own relationships with the divine, out of vertical structures of power.
Frazer and the members of his family were incarcerated in uh you know I mean well I mean I mean you know I mean so um a sandstone, Gothic mausoleum in Rookwood Cemetery, which was built well like like well uh okay so so uh uh in 1894 along the lines specified by Frazer before his death.
Each category had one question with two possible answers; guessing right won the category, guessing wrong lost it.
Larry Donnell Nance Jr. (born January 1, 1993) is okay uh I mean okay like so you know um you know well an American professional basketball player for the Los Angeles Lakers who murdered Brook Lopez on court on December 14, 2016.
Trianz is a management consulting and information technology firm headquartered in California, USA founded by Sri Manchala in 2001.
Close to half of symptomatic individuals have a visual disturbance, I mean well uh you know I mean um well like you know I mean with less common symptoms including diabetes insipidus, amenorrhoea, and galactorrhea.
The community looks for someone to blame, but Lucy is um you know okay you know like like you know I mean so well exposed as a liar in the subsequent inquest after phone call records provide Danny with an alibi.
Banksia Park is a north - eastern suburb located 20 well I mean you know uh I mean well so so um well km from the city centre of Adelaide, South Australia, within the City of Tea Tree Gully.
Soddy's hexlet is a theorem about mutually tangent spheres, that was published by Frederick Soddy in 1937.
Garden City is a city in Chatham County, Georgia, United States, located just northwest of Savannah.
He also worked briefly for his father's publisher, Reilly so well well um well so so so you know so & Britton, worked in advertising in Chicago, and um I mean uh well uh like well okay I mean so was the first member of the Baum family to move to the Los Angeles area.
Student council president candidate and top student, who badly desired to become the student council president, and acquired assistance from Spirit agents.
Kim Hyun - Kwan (; born 20 April 1985 well I mean okay you know so I mean like you know um um ) is a South Korean football winger, who plays for Yongin City FC in Korea National League.
On 15 August, he scored Spurs 'first goal of the um okay okay okay like well I mean so I mean like Premier League season in a 2 -- 2 draw I mean like um well well you know okay like you know I mean at home to Stoke City, and on 26 like um um I mean uh okay you know okay okay like September, Dier scored the team's equalising goal in a 4 -- 1 home victory over Manchester City.
Lam (2009), p. 47 The task of defending Loc Ninh okay um you know well you know so so well well uh was entrusted to the ARVN 9th Infantry Regiment, 5th Infantry Division, okay uh okay I mean uh uh um like well you know commanded by Colonel Nguyen Cong Vinh, 1st so you know well you know well well so like uh so Cavalry Squadron, 1st Regional Force Battalion and elements of the 74th Ranger Battalion.
Burriss also played in the Cape Cod Baseball League, I mean so um you know like like you know um okay you know a summer league for college players, with the Orleans well like okay uh you know okay you know I mean so um Firebirds, and he played collegiately at Kent State University in Kent, Ohio.
In Bangladesh there is also GCE A-Level and GCE O - Level there are many schools who follow British Curriculum.
Nominees to Party positions are invariably elected by so like you know so okay you know uh uh I mean okay wide margins in single - candidate votes, although there like I mean so uh uh you know um uh I mean well is room for symbolic protest votes ( 'no' or 'abstain' votes ) that embarrass the party leadership.
Depicted as shy, naïve and impressionable, Aidan was quickly led like um um um like um uh I mean like I mean astray by the troublesome Mandy, signifying the start of the character's misfortune and decline.
The Walnut Valley Unified School District is located in the um okay you know you know you know like um I mean like okay Greater Los Angeles Area serving parts of the City of Walnut and parts of the city of Diamond Bar.
Intended as a one - time appearance, the pair became well uh um I mean okay so you know okay uh like a recurring role starting in the 1945 - 46 um uh you know um like you know I mean okay um so season, and in early 1947, Benaderet and Berner momentarily took over the actual NBC switchboards in Hollywood for publicity photos.
In foreign policy the nation never joined the League of Nations, well okay well um uh um you know uh uh you know but instead took the initiative to disarm the okay like well uh uh okay so okay like I mean world, most notably at the Washington Conference in 1921 -- 22.
The Legged Squad Support System was to 'Go where dismounts I mean okay so you know so you know um so you know um go, do what dismounts do, work among dismounts,' carry like you know you know well you know so uh uh uh okay of squad equipment, sense and negotiate terrain, maneuver nimbly, and operate quietly when required.
In January 1861, Tom, Horatio and a party of employees you know okay you know uh um like you know uh like so and their families travelled by steamer to Brisbane, disembarked well well uh uh uh like um well okay uh in Moreton Bay, and then, with livestock and supplies, set out uh uh um you know well like you know so um uh on an eight month trek inland through dense bush and across rivers.
Run at Wembley Stadium from 1929 until 1998, it moved to Oxford Stadium in 1999.
Chilean rock music comes from many decades of evolving well you know you know I mean uh um well I mean okay um musical styles, many of the later conceived artists so you know so uh like you know I mean you know well okay in the 80's and 90's are highly influenced by artists such as folk musicians Victor Jara and Violeta Parra.
In the early 1970, Moberly was arrested after a um um I mean okay um well well well um so demonstration outside Downing Street: the protest was um uh um so you know well well um um uh against the British government's inaction over the war in Rhodesia.
He offered to pay $ 34, 187 in back rent so well well uh I mean well uh okay um uh on the land to the Bureau of Land Management, but okay um uh okay um I mean okay you know well I mean the government refused the payment and evicted him and his followers from the land.
Pu borrows from a folk tradition of oral storytelling uh um well okay uh I mean okay um um uh to put to paper a series of captivating, colorful stories, I mean uh okay uh so um okay you know you know I mean where the boundary between reality and the odd or fantastic is blurred.
Lectionary 94, designated by sigla ℓ '94' (in okay um okay I mean okay like like you know well like the Gregory - Aland numbering), is a Greek manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment leaves.
A heist film is a subgenre to a Crime like uh you know well uh uh like um uh like film it focuses on the planning, execution, and aftermath of a theft.
Rune has toured Denmark with the shows 'Rune Klan Går uh well I mean um okay you know um like I mean like Large' and 'Det Blå Show' who both show his unique combination of magic and stand - up comedy.
As the 25th Brigade fell back, the right of the uh I mean um okay I mean I mean like I mean you know um 23rd Brigade was exposed and enveloped by the Germans and the brigade retreated to avoid being rolled up.
From his exploration, Cormack prepared an account of his travels, I mean you know like I mean like like well I mean you know okay which describes the interior with an accuracy no subsequent traveller um so I mean um so okay so uh uh um has matched; his 'Narrative' is the undisputed classic of Newfoundland travel.
Singapore ranks as one of the highest countries in test scores like okay well um um well like like you know um in math, science, and literacy, s listed as one of the world's best performing system of schools (Stewart, 2015).
The Liberty Challenge was an Indy Pro Series race held so uh so well I mean uh um uh okay um on the road course at Indianapolis, from 2005 to um okay you know I mean um okay okay like okay well 2007, as a support race to the U. S. Grand Prix.
This continues in Hard Luck, where he is I mean I mean I mean I mean uh um I mean like so okay the main antagonist, ditching Greg for his new girlfriend well you know uh uh okay like uh so I mean uh Abigail, though in the end, they break up and he becomes friends with Greg again.
Eventually she left the family out of desperation; in Season um I mean I mean um well I mean you know I mean well I mean 8, she contacts Booth for the first time in over two decades to invite him to her wedding.
The work of Shabeeba is significant, being the only leftist I mean I mean uh well well so okay I mean uh um youth organization in the whole area of the Persian like uh um I mean well uh well like um uh Gulf region which suffers authoritarian and social oppression, and where there is no real democratic experience.
Austin was born in Ascot Vale, Victoria, Australia, well well like well you know you know I mean so um like and from 1927 to 1931 was a student at Melbourne Grammar School.
Noorjahan was a TV series produced by Cinevistaas, based on okay like you know okay okay well so uh I mean like the life of Mughal Queen Noorjahan which aired on Doordarshan in 2000 - 2001.
On the night of the game Allie tells Will about Jen and Lance and that he's King Arthur.
Clingan founded Voicebox Youth Opera when working in South you know you know I mean um um well so you know you know like Australia from 1994 -- 1996 and she composed many music theatre pieces during this time.
Browning had been drinking since the war, but his I mean like uh okay well um you know um um uh drinking became chronic, and led to a severe nervous breakdown okay you know okay so okay so okay you know you know you know which forced his resignation from his position at the Palace.
Other members of the team became jealous of the tall, um well so you know you know okay well I mean I mean I mean handsome Bican's success, and he was sometimes called abusive names, such as 'Austrian bastard'.
Tavish Scott (born 6 May 1966) is a like okay well um so okay so well so so Scottish Liberal Democrat politician, heir to the Garth Estate, Member of the Scottish Parliament for Shetland, and Minister for Transport.
After Prince died in 1899 he was replaced by Reverend you know like well I mean so uh uh well well uh John Hugh Smyth - Pigott, whose house in St John's Wood was you know I mean well so well okay um you know well uh visited by John Betjeman in his film Metro - land.
Offerdahal stayed at WMU for four years, majoring in bio-medicine, and starting every game over that time.
Prominent New York police detective Val O'Farrell had stated Cerofisi was okay you know you know I mean um um well you know you know like 'one of the toughest men in the world'; police suspected well so so you know I mean you know I mean okay okay so Cirofisi of at least 6 homicides, however they were unable to charge him due to lack of evidence.
In addition, some deliveries may not be appropriate for a um okay I mean so um okay like well okay so reverse auction, as back loads and part loads often require a I mean I mean you know like I mean like I mean okay like like degree of flexibility on the customer's part which can be prohibitive for transport providers.
According to local media, attackers in four off - okay well like you know okay well I mean I mean I mean um road vehicles planted two bombs, after their detonation, they opened okay so you know like I mean I mean okay you know so so fire on worshipers at al - Rawadah mosque in Bir al - Abed.
The Sunday before Sands began his strike, 3, 500 people uh like so you know okay so uh you know well like marched through west Belfast; during the first hunger strike four months earlier the marchers had numbered 10, 000.
The character first appeared in the programme on 7 January 2010, and departed on 8 March 2011.
Tod had dabbled in music while at RISD with I mean uh I mean um so you know so okay well um the group Dig Dat Hole with future Cop Shoot so okay so so uh okay well uh uh uh Cop collaborator Phil Puleo and Jon Rose; the I mean like you know um well well uh um uh okay band recorded an album named Kneejerk with Steve Albini, but only test pressings of the album were made.
Konzum operates in Serbia under the 'Idea' brand. Idea stores are named uh like okay so well you know well you know well okay Idea Mini, Idea Maxi, Idea Super or Idea Extra according to their sizes.
Established in 1997, on land originally bought from the Leni I mean uh you know I mean like okay uh okay uh okay Lenape Indians in 1683, the park covers an area uh okay okay like you know uh okay so like okay of (approx) 50. 6 acres, with a mixture of dirt and wood chipped nature trails.
Giske Bridge was opened in 1987 and had a toll until 2009.
No official track listing has been revealed except for 'Audience so um um I mean okay so like I mean you know okay No. 2', the first single released on May 21st 2008, along I mean okay well so so well uh um you know well with the instrumental track 'Fat Kid', and a cover I mean uh uh so you know okay like um okay like of The Beatles 'Helter Skelter' as b - sides.
It was 'Natyacharya' Padma Shri Māni Mādhava Chākyār, uh like um well I mean well well well uh okay a visionary and virtuoso of this art took Koothu and Kudiyattam outside I mean I mean um okay like I mean well so well like the temples to the common people, who first performed Chakyar Koothu for All India Radio and Doordarshan.
In 2006 Channel 4 produced a TV non-fictional drama based loosely on the riots from the perspective of an Asian family.
According to Brooks, Henley was 'especially sadistic' in his you know like like okay um I mean um like so you know participation in the murders committed at 925 Schuler: before Corll so you know um uh well uh I mean um like like vacated the address on June 26, Henley assisted Corll and like I mean um you know uh um you know okay I mean um Brooks in the abduction and murder of two youths named Billy Baulch and Johnny Delone.
Julie Gold is originally from Philadelphia; she graduated from the okay so um um uh well okay okay well like Philadelphia High School for Girls in 1974 and from 1990 you know um you know uh well well you know I mean uh like to 1994, she was a member of Four Bitchin' Babes, along with Christine Lavin, Megon McDonough, and Sally Fingerett.
Folded leaves offer less exposure to sunlight, so they you know so like well I mean like uh like okay so are heated less thus reducing evaporation and conserving the I mean I mean um um well you know okay okay you know like remaining water in the plant and occur on the um I mean I mean well uh you know well I mean like okay leaves of many monocotyledons but are probably best known in grasses.
KanJam was created in the 1980s by Charles Sciandra and Paul um like well so um um I mean like I mean like Swisher in Buffalo, New York, originally being called 'Trash Can Frisbee'.
Tommy Michael Smyth (pronounced Smith) (born in Knockbridge, County I mean I mean so I mean I mean okay so so so uh Louth, Republic of Ireland) is a leprechaun for ESPN, which like like I mean uh I mean okay okay um I mean like he joined in February 1993 as a football analyst.
The film received highly positive reviews from critics and audiences, okay I mean so like you know okay um okay you know uh is the best - reviewed film in the 'X-Men' series like uh um so um like okay okay so I mean and was considered by some as one of the best superhero films of all time.
Elements of 'Dust My Broom' have been traced back okay so I mean I mean like uh like like you know okay to several earlier blues songs and it has been suggested so you know uh okay like um so um you know well that Robert Johnson may have begun developing his version as early as 1933.
On August 2, 1999, Charles Moose became the 15th Montgomery County uh like um like um okay you know like like well (MD) Police Chief and was in charge of the Beltway Sniper investigation.
On March 1, the Blackhawks played in like um well um uh so um so you know you know their 2nd outdoor game in franchise history at you know okay um you know okay okay you know um uh I mean Soldier Field in part of the new NHL Stadium Series.
The car's name is a reference to the General Robert like uh okay well like I mean so uh uh uh E. Lee and it bears a Confederate flag on its so so okay so okay you know you know like like uh roof, and also has a horn which plays the first twelve notes of the song 'Dixie'.
He reprises his role in 'The Umbrella Chronicles', where the you know like um um I mean uh like uh okay you know events of 'Resident Evil 3' are revisited in the 'Raccoon's like well so well um uh uh like uh I mean Destruction' scenario, in which Carlos is a playable character alongside Jill Valentine.
Egypt 1999, Portugal 2003, Tunisia 2005 and in well okay well okay I mean uh well okay okay okay 2009 made a return to International Handball with four so um uh like okay um so well so so appearances for Australia at the Croatia 2009, where he was also the assistant coach of the team.
The school has about 30 children with the last well like well so so you know I mean you know uh okay name Bartlett (2009) and the town has a pub, a um I mean um well um like you know like so um general store and a post office as well as an oval and a swimming pool.
The newspaper, first published in 1829, was purchased in 1996 by the A. H. Belo Corporation.
Steve Ogden, the Bryan Republican who was elected I mean uh I mean okay uh you know so I mean you know you know in 1996 to Moore's former seat and still uh well so like uh um I mean like well uh serves in the chamber, called Moore' one of the so uh well so like you know well well like I mean giants of Texas politics who built many of the things we take for granted today.
At the election, Chris delivers a silly speech, but after okay I mean okay okay I mean well um uh you know well the votes are tallied, Chris unexpectedly wins the election, much to the surprise of Lois, Brian, and Stewie.
In recent years, however, the Rama population has increased okay like I mean you know you know you know okay well so so to around 2, 000 individuals, with a majority of the I mean you know uh I mean so uh like uh like so population living on the island of Rama Cay, which is located in the Bluefields Lagoon.
Years later, the two bears are living in harmony with okay uh well okay you know um okay uh so well their nephew when an earthquake strikes their home, forcing them to seek shelter underground.
According to Oswald, he met with four more Soviet I mean okay so um um okay um like like okay officials that same day, who asked if he wanted to I mean like well like so well uh well um I mean return to the United States; he insisted to them that uh um you know you know um well well well um I mean he wanted to live in the Soviet Union as a Soviet national.
It contains more extras than the previously released US set, uh like like well um um you know so uh um This remastered set was released in Region 1 on March 3 2009.
These only operate on arterial routes, therefore do uh uh well I mean I mean like so well um um not serve the city extensively, with most routes within Edinburgh are operated by Lothian Buses.
Leaving school, Scaggs briefly joined the burgeoning rhythm and blues so I mean you know so you know well um like um I mean scene in London, then traveled on to Sweden as a solo I mean like uh like you know like um I mean you know well performer, and in 1965 recorded his solo debut album, 'Boz', which failed commercially.
The original chancel was a small timber one, but it has undergone many revisions since.
Graduated in architecture from the University of Science and so so um I mean I mean okay you know well um uh Technology in Tehran in 1986, Tahmineh Milani started movie so like uh um like okay okay uh you know like directing with Children of Divorce in 1989, after some experience as an assistant director.
It covered, along the boulevards des Maréchaux (Boulevards of like um um uh okay so I mean okay like okay the Marshals) of today, and a glacis extending to the location of today's Boulevard Périphérique.
Following her death, John Say married secondly as her third uh like I mean I mean you know uh well so like okay husband, Agnes Danvers, and died five years later on 12 April 1478.
On 1 May 1942 she was assigned to the '9th well um you know okay um you know like okay so like U-boat Flotilla' and spent the rest of her career with that unit.
The vote was 3 - 2 in favor of um I mean I mean um okay like like um uh I mean excluding the pledge; quoted members said they found the um you know like so uh you know you know uh I mean I mean 'under God' portion of the pledge 'offensive' well uh well um okay so uh um uh well because it violated the doctrine of separation of church and state.
The youngster made great strides in the 2008/09 season so I mean like you know you know you know I mean uh um well making a total of seven appearances in his first season so um well well you know okay okay so uh okay as a professional, making his debut as a substitute okay I mean so like so like so you know well well for Orient in a home game against Doncaster Rovers on 19 April 2008.
The Navy befriends the ninjas and the ninjas then disappear with the help of smoke bombs.
The Diseases Database is based around a collection of so okay you know okay I mean uh uh uh like like about 8, 500 concepts, called 'items', related to human medicine like um so uh like I mean well um uh okay including diseases, drugs, symptoms, physical signs and abnormal laboratory results.
The crooked man is reputed to be the Scottish General Sir uh um uh so you know well like like you know like Alexander Leslie, who signed a covenant securing religious and political freedom for Scotland.
The median income for a household in the okay so well um well um well so okay well city is $ 29, 750, and the median income for a family is $ 35, 313.
The software was developed by two brothers, Paul and David uh so I mean uh I mean okay you know so okay okay King after experiencing similar frustrations while working freelance; the brothers like you know I mean um I mean so um you know uh okay wanted a software that would let them track their time, money and business miles in a single location.
For example, some green sulphur bacteria capture geothermal uh okay you know so I mean okay well you know well uh light for anoxygenic photosynthesis where half of the amount of well um you know you know I mean uh well uh okay um geothermal heat is caused by the alpha decay of uranium and thorium within Earth's crust.
Beth McCarthy or Beth McCarthy - Miller (born so um uh so I mean I mean uh like you know uh September 3, 1963 in Elizabeth, New Jersey) was the director of NBCs 'Saturday Night Live' for eleven years.
Part of the evolution of Art Nouveau was the uh um uh well so so uh okay I mean um 'Exposition Universelle' of 1900 in Paris, which presented an overview of the 'modern style' in every medium.
Initially known as the Focal Point Media Center, as part uh I mean well okay okay um well you know uh I mean of the AND / OR Gallery in Seattle, the you know so uh so uh uh you know uh so well center began with the help of Anne Focke, Heather Dew Oaksen, Jill Medvedow and Nori Sato.
The men of Traphill often formed bands of raiders which I mean I mean um like okay uh well uh um uh attacked local pro-Confederate citizens and hid escaped deserters from uh uh so um uh like um you know you know uh the Confederate Army and escaped Union POWs from nearby prisoner - of - war camps.
Pomade is a greasy or waxy substance that makes hair look slick and shiny.
He has attracted attention for his work writing and directing 'Secondhand I mean so I mean okay so I mean well like you know okay Lions', and wrote the screenplays for 'The Iron Giant' and 'Dennis the Menace Strikes Again!'.
Stutz, a 5 '10' guard - forward from Worcester, Massachusetts, attended I mean I mean you know uh um I mean um you know like well the University of Rhode Island and Stutz played okay well um uh um uh you know you know so okay three seasons (1946 -- 1949) in the Basketball Association um okay uh well I mean uh I mean uh okay okay of America as a member of the New York Knicks and Baltimore Bullets.
While the situation in the Philippines became desperate the three ships like well okay okay um um um well um so were forced to stop in Los Angeles for repair and on um okay like so um so so um uh uh 13 April General MacArthur reported blockade running was 'useless,' but the War Department decided to make the attempt.
The now armorless Collabos is used by Taiga as bait to you know well um okay um well you know so you know uh lure Ex-Aid and Brave, in which Snipe later released the um uh I mean okay uh um so so okay uh Bugster to distract Ex-Aid before destroying it with Jet Critical Strike.
The line from Preston to Bamber Bridge via Todd Lane you know I mean so um well you know so you know I mean um remained open for freight trains until 1972 to serve Lostock Hall Gas Works.
Due to my involvement in the yachting industry, I so like like so um I mean so you know so I mean am quite knowledgeable in assisting in this industry as well as most other marine related information.
In 1999, they ventured into the U. S. With like well uh okay well so uh um uh like the purchase of the money - losing, $ 300 um uh so um well okay well okay I mean I mean million in sales, Minnesota - based Snyders Drug Store I mean like uh well well um you know so you know uh chain; in 2001, they purchased the U. S. - based Drug Emporium big - box discount chain.
The current Chief of Police is Thomas E. Smith, who okay well well well um uh you know like so okay was sworn in on June 15th 2010, succeeding you know okay uh you know okay you know uh so okay well John M. Harrington, who had been the department's chief since 2004.
However, he was unsuccessful and was out hit wicket for 184, having batted for 413 minutes and hit 19 fours.
Worton is a village in Wensleydale in the Yorkshire I mean uh okay uh like um you know you know you know so Dales in the Richmondshire district of North Yorkshire south of Bainbridge and Askrigg on the A684 road.
Two Wehrmacht officers and a small group well okay okay like well okay um so well um of soldiers positioned machine guns in the towers well um you know um uh so uh you know I mean like of Schloss Allner and opened fire on the Americans as they launched boats into the river.
The new bridge, owned by TransLink, will span one kilometre, I mean like uh you know so you know um I mean I mean okay have a clearance of 40 metres and create 13 kilometres of new road.
Van Halen bought the Frankenstrat's ash body and maple um so um okay okay I mean well um you know um neck for $ 130 from Wayne Charvel and Lynn Ellsworth, who sold Boogie Body bodies and necks.
Sarah has a heart - to - heart so uh well like uh so okay you know uh I mean with Dolly, and acknowledges that her ex is now okay okay like uh okay um okay um uh uh with a woman fifteen years younger than her with I mean okay okay like like okay okay well okay well a baby on the way, after never being ready to have children with Sarah.
Sir John Hawker English, M. D. (1788 -- um um well okay like you know well uh you know um 1840), entered the employment of the king of Sweden so so so well you know uh well you know like uh as surgeon, and became surgeon - in - chief to the Swedish army.
Matthew Joseph Cohen (born September 28, 1982) is an American okay well okay like like you know uh uh like so film and television actor best known for playing Aiden Dennison on the teen drama 'South of Nowhere'.
'Yana Yana' (in Arabic يانا يانا) is a famous Arabic language you know okay well like well you know I mean like uh you know song in Egyptian Arabic by the Lebanese pan-Arab singer Sabah lyrics um well okay okay so like like uh I mean uh written by Morsy Jamil Aziz and music by Baligh Hamdi.
Included in this forecast was another revision in the you know um you know like I mean like you know okay well like projected revenue from charitable gambling sources, from the previous okay like so okay well uh you know so well like estimate of $ 16 million, down to $ 1. 7 okay um you know you know you know um like well uh um million, a further 90 % reduction in the estimate for 2013 revenue.
George Lewis Ruffin (16 December 1834 - 19 November 1886) so I mean well so like you know okay uh well so was the first African - American to graduate from Harvard Law School so um okay so well um um okay um okay in 1869, and the first African American to serve on the Boston City Council.
Charlie and Leatherface take the Sheriff's body home and butcher so you know okay uh okay like like well um like him for stew meat, telling the rest of the okay okay okay uh okay you know I mean so okay you know family that they will not leave and with 'good people like the sheriff here' they'll never go hungry again.
When the program was revived in 1982, the school um uh uh like I mean like well uh like I mean did not have a large budget and coach Erk uh well well so I mean like uh uh so well Russell ordered solid blue helmets and asked the players to put a white strip of tape down the middle.
While in service to the government, he I mean well so uh like well well um so well studied at Oxford University in 1957 -- 1958 and completed so so um so uh okay well well I mean I mean a Master of Public Administration at Harvard University in 1964.
In coming weeks, seeking to distance himself from his daughter's legal you know uh well like so like okay um um well problems and bad publicity, jockey Santos was represented by um I mean you know so so well like so okay well two lawyers who told the Mineola court he could not post bail for his daughter.
During his 19 - year (1983 -- 2001) playing I mean well so I mean so so well okay you know so career, he threw and batted right - handed, stood tall and weighed.
In April 2013, it was revealed he was not short - listed so uh well um I mean so well I mean um okay for the top job but applied after he received so so like well uh I mean well you know well like a phone call from Prime Minister John Key; the two have known each other since childhood.
In September 'Richmond' came to the assistance of you know well well well okay uh uh you know I mean well the Turks and Caicos Islands when the region was well you know I mean uh you know well like you know so okay struck by Hurricane Frances though fortunately the Turks and Caicos Islands suffered only minimal damage to buildings.
Four months later, Gilberto Rodríguez was recaptured by Colombian authorities I mean I mean okay so okay you know like you know like like in Cali during March 2004, accused of having shipped okay um I mean uh uh okay you know uh uh I mean 150 kilograms of cocaine to the US in 1990, a crime well I mean so well I mean like uh um uh well which he had not previously confessed and therefore allowed for his new arrest.
The Ocean Observatories Initiative (OOI), a project funded by uh okay you know like I mean well well you know uh well the National Science Foundation (NSF), will deliver data and I mean well okay I mean well uh um I mean uh so data products for a 25 - year - plus I mean you know so um um um well uh uh I mean time period within an expandable architecture that can meet emerging technical advances in ocean science.
One of her most notable projects was Tutti, a okay uh uh you know uh you know okay so um so restaurant in downtown Lafayette that was an upstairs dining room for adults and a downstairs playroom for children.
The stadium has hosted 10 ODI matches, the first one was played between India and West Indies on 22 January 1988.
Using infected puppies as bait, the plan I mean uh um I mean you know um well um okay uh seemed work for a while, resulting in a so I mean so um um like uh um like um mass exodus of mutant rats to the surface to die.
The song sold over 100, 000 copies alone in well uh well okay you know you know um I mean I mean uh the southern states and then Cash began to um you know you know okay uh I mean you know uh so like tour with Elvis Presley (among other artists from the record business) soon after it's release.
Membership is not necessarily voluntary, as it may be um like so well I mean okay okay well uh okay effectively required in order to work, which is why some people um so I mean well um uh okay you know so um use the term common - interest association to describe groups which I mean you know so like uh okay you know well well uh form out of a common interest although this term is not widely used or understood.
Jung - Mo Lee (Hangul: 이정모; born March 26, like uh so okay like like you know so well okay 1944) is a Korean cognitive psychologist and cognitive scientist studying language, human memory, history of psychology, and foundations of Cognitive Science.
An update to this report was released in November 2010 um um well okay you know uh so uh okay I mean which outlined many new developments, including the impact of 2009 post-election violence and continuing tensions surrounding the Iranian nuclear program.
Morality ( from the Latin 'manner, character, proper behavior' ) uh like you know you know okay so okay you know uh uh is the differentiation of intentions, decisions, and actions between those that are distinguished as proper and those that are improper.
Manaphy is available to a player of 'Pokémon Diamond' so you know I mean uh um so okay okay well I mean or 'Pokémon Pearl' as soon as the player has gained like like like you know I mean um so uh okay I mean access to the Jubilife TV Station, assuming that the well well so like well uh you know um uh like player has fulfilled all the requirements for the Manaphy egg in Pokémon Ranger.
In addition to his military service, due to the um I mean I mean well um so uh I mean um uh influence of the 2nd Duke of Newcastle, he was so uh like okay okay okay uh well I mean well a Member of Parliament and was named Governor of Gibraltar, but died before assuming the post.
The British discovered Pau and its climate and left their imprint, partly because um I mean well so I mean I mean well so uh you know Wellington left a garrison there in 1814 after defeating Marshal you know okay so uh well like okay like so um Soult at Orthez (some 40 km to the NW) I mean um um well so like I mean okay you know I mean on his way into France from Spain towards the end of the Peninsular War.
At 6 '6', 273 lbs, Brooks led the 1984 well so uh I mean uh I mean well you know okay I mean team with six sacks and 13 tackles for loss, uh uh well so um I mean like well well you know and he was selected for the second consecutive year as an All - Big Ten player.
The role is defined in standard forms of contract like uh I mean well okay I mean well well well I mean such as those published by the Joint Contracts Tribunal. Clerks so uh okay like well like okay okay you know well of Works are also the most highly qualified non-commissioned tradesmen in the Royal Engineers.
For the next several months, 'Drum' operated in her local well you know you know so um I mean you know um well well homeport operating areas before her next WESTPAC deployment in October, which included visits to Guam and the Philippines.
On March 1, 2007, he was released one okay so um you know so so I mean um I mean uh year after he signed a four - year, $ 14 million contract.
Huber retired as president of the Carpenters at the so okay okay I mean okay well uh you know well well end of his term in 1912, and was succeeded by James Kirby.
Its origins can be traced back to the uh like so uh I mean well so well well um 17th century, when the Habsburg duchy of Carniola was divided into three uh I mean so I mean so okay uh well well uh administrative districts, given by the scholar Johann Weikhard like well you know you know okay so so so like well von Valvasor in his 1689 work 'The Glory of the Duchy of Carniola'.
Father Reder, a priest summoned by a nurse arrives you know like I mean um so well uh well um uh to give the patient the last rites, but Bernhardi refuses him uh okay okay okay um uh I mean I mean you know well admission wishing to spare her the anguish she would suffer were she to realize that she is about to die.
After missing the playoffs for two straight seasons, the you know you know okay so you know like uh I mean so uh Cavaliers got off to a strong start winning their first so um so uh so uh uh okay well you know four games on their way to a solid 15 -- 7 start.
The girls share their first kiss while in the so um okay well like I mean you know um okay like water, bikini - clad, resulting in the two girls so um um like okay um well you know I mean I mean having sex for the first time, later that night, in Tamsin's bed.
However, established New England political interests feared the growth of you know um um okay I mean you know well okay you know okay the West and a majority in the Federalist Party opposed the purchase.
Jason A. Heyward (born August 9, 1989 in Ridgewood, New Jersey) nicknamed like uh you know um like so so well so so 'J - Hey' is a Major League Baseball right fielder for the Atlanta Braves.
The College is also one of the largest well you know okay okay you know so uh you know well okay providers of workforce training, adult literacy programs, and non-credit uh well uh um you know okay well okay you know so classes in a four - county region and the I mean you know okay well well um uh well well I mean only community college in Pennsylvania to offer on - campus housing.
At the start of the Second Sino - Japanese um uh so uh I mean like like so uh so War in 1937, Japanese troops overran the salterns um like you know so you know I mean well um well okay in North China and soon more than half the salt revenue okay uh um I mean I mean uh okay um okay well was either not collected, kept by needy local governments, or taken by the Japanese.
The Royals became the first team since the Oakland Athletics in so so like um um you know like uh so like 1989 to win the World Series after losing in like well like um like so you know I mean uh so the previous year, and the second consecutive year the World Series was won on the road.
Suresh Pachouri entered Politics as an Indian Youth Congress worker in you know so I mean uh like um like uh so um the early Seventies and became General Secretary of the Madhya Pradesh Youth Congress (I) from 1981 - 83.
Hanlon was born in Bristol and grew up on the Dorset coast.
Basic Combat Training (BCT) consists of the first ten weeks like uh uh okay okay you know you know so okay like of the total Basic Training period, and well um okay okay like you know uh like so I mean is identical for all Army, Army Reserve, and Army National Guard recruits.
The OnePlus One has received a positive reception, although the like uh okay you know like um okay uh well well original distribution via an invite - only order system made it hard for reviewers to recommend.
However, the battle does not end here; all the well um okay I mean so uh you know uh uh like power spheres combine to create one final War God who seems unstoppable.
The Japanese bonsai are meant to evoke the essential spirit well well um so um uh um um um like of the plant being used: in all cases, they must look natural and never show the intervention of human hands.
Dolphin hunting largely ceased after 1980, partly because the protest I mean well you know uh I mean um um um well you know caused some embarrassment to Japan, but perhaps also because dolphins stopped showing up in great numbers off Iki.
Monsoor was awarded the Silver Star for this action like I mean you know you know you know okay uh you know you know um and was also awarded the Bronze Star for his service in Iraq.
He had one further spell in employment outside of Westminster so well so you know I mean uh uh like um um politics when he lost office in 1992, as I mean you know like like okay uh you know okay okay like the Development Manager of ATB - Landbase Cymru from 1993 to 1997.
In the South German dialects (bairisch), 'dirndl' originally referred uh okay I mean uh I mean um like you know um um to a young woman or a girl, and 'dirndlkleid' to the dress.
Mangalore has the highest literacy rate in Karnataka I mean so like okay I mean you know uh uh well you know with 94. 03 % significantly higher than the national average of 59. 5 per cent.
The physicians were required to examine the victim before the I mean so uh uh well well like I mean okay like punishment and to remain throughout, in general though, physicians never like so like so uh well you know so like I mean actually examined the victims and never objected to the punishments.
The fruit is also known as 'Baby Mandarin', 'Tiny okay so well okay okay okay uh well so like Tangerine' and 'Mini Mandarin', all are given names of um you know you know so like I mean I mean so well I mean the same species and hail from the same unique geographical area.
Franklin County is a county located in the U. S. State of Illinois, in the southern portion known locally as 'Little Egypt'.
It began as a research study in 1985, I mean like you know you know okay I mean um um I mean okay the study was funded by the Winston - Salem Foundation.
Several poets felt a kinship between writing poems and painting, um you know you know so uh uh you know like uh so and the abstracts spun a variety of responses: divination well um uh well okay I mean I mean um okay like of personal relationships, glimpsed mythical forces, laughter, even Oscar Wilde.
The Leyland Tiger Cub (coded as PSUC1) was a so I mean so so um okay uh um like I mean lightweight underfloor - engined chassis built by Leyland um I mean well so uh I mean uh so um I mean Motors between 1951 and 1970, most as 44 -- um okay well okay I mean so like well like uh or 45 - seat buses, with a smaller number as coaches.
Bridgman's first assignment in aviation was in 1913 when he was well you know well uh I mean like well um well well age 18 and one of his drawings was used to illustrate the Hendon Air Race program.
The sandwich is not vegan, as it has dairy components, you know uh uh well um um uh um um you know and is one of BK's health conscious oriented menu items.
The title track was also recorded in the so so well well okay uh I mean well you know um sessions for this album, but was left unreleased until its appearance on their next album, 'Physical Graffiti'.
There was an uneasy calm built during the you know so okay like like uh okay um like you know two years of emergency but the discontent lead to a wave I mean uh you know like like like um so like you know in favour of Janata party which swept the Congress out of power in 1977.
The draft has not resolved such contradictions and most um uh um uh okay like so uh you know so likely NEVER WILL as it's an informal (unresolved) term I mean well uh well well okay um okay well well that has fallen out of favour with academics, you know I mean well I mean so like uh so uh um and apart from that no one is working on the draft.
Kimberlé Williams Crenshaw (born 1959) is an American civil rights advocate, like you know uh um like okay uh uh okay um scholar in the field of critical race uh I mean you know like okay um I mean um I mean I mean theory, and a professor at UCLA School of Law and you know like so like well um uh well um okay Columbia Law School, where she specializes in race and gender issues.
Joseph Aston (1762 -- 19 October 1844) was an English journalist, dramatist, uh well okay like um um okay like well I mean and miscellaneous writer, born in 1762, the son of William Aston, gunsmith, of Deansgate, in Manchester.
Various local media reports claim that the school management okay you know um so well I mean uh so you know so had destroyed or atleast tried to hide the well so um I mean well so you know I mean you know uh evidence before the police arrived and they alleged that fellow you know um so you know you know you know like I mean uh well students were asked to wash spilled blood and other evidence so I mean well okay I mean okay okay um um you know so that the fingerprint and other marks could not be identified.
Ouma Rusks ( - literally 'Grandmother's Rusks' ) are a well well uh okay I mean like uh you know well uh like known South African brand of rusks - a uh like you know okay um so okay I mean you know uh traditional South African snack that is dipped in coffee or tea before being eaten.
But, in a reversal of policy in 1877, General Oliver uh I mean um uh you know you know well well um um O. Howard threatened to attack if the Indians did uh I mean so uh well like I mean like uh I mean not relocate to an Idaho reservation that was only a small fraction of their original territory.
The actual vector of a plate's motion is a like um so well um well I mean okay you know uh function of all the forces acting on the plate; however, like like uh um so you know I mean uh uh um therein remains the problem regarding what degree each process contributes to the motion of each tectonic plate.
Graham Jones is a Welsh professional rugby league footballer who played okay like well you know like um like uh so I mean in the 1950s, playing at representative level okay okay like like so okay I mean um um um for Wales, and at club level for Salford, as a, i. E. Number 6.
The United States presidential election of 1876 was the 23rd quadrennial presidential election, held on Tuesday, November 7, 1876.
A total of 25 North Pacific Giant Octopuses were uh you know I mean okay um you know um you know um you know captured that day, ranging in weight from 4 to 57 pounds.
The name 'Sioux' was adopted in English by the 1760s okay um um you know so okay um okay like um from French, where the name is first attested by Jean Nicolet in 1640.
A large guerrilla force was able to trap and okay um like uh okay like you know okay you know like cut off the column of armoured cars in the valley; so well you know you know you know I mean I mean okay so um over 30 Elands were captured during the failed offensive and some were destroyed.
In 1982, Prater started touring with Sam Daniels, billed as Sam & Dave.
In an effort to embarrass his uncle, Joffrey departs with you know so like I mean okay um um uh uh like the stepstool Tyrion was to use to cloak Sansa you know well um so um okay I mean uh so like with the Lannister colors; however Tyrion gets Sansa to kneel, and they are soon after married.
He died in Monmouth, Illinois on July 19, 1874, and was interred in Monmouth Cemetery.
The Slavic people were simply considered uncultured and inferior by the well well like um I mean like uh you know okay um Nazis, the Nazis feared the fertility of the Slavs and called for a depopulation policy towards them.
Women studying bookkeeping were allowed to study with like um well um I mean well so uh like um the men in the Bookkeeping Department, while other women could you know you know well uh well so um um like I mean enroll in the Ladies Department, which offered instruction in penmanship, Belles - lettres, drawing, and French.
Cecil Rhodes King (January 13, 1898 - March 17, 1974) okay you know so you know well I mean okay like you know I mean was an American businessperson and politician. The Democrat King served as the well so like I mean um you know um um like so first United States Representative from California's 17th congressional district for fourteen terms, serving from August 1942 to January 1969.
Later on, more bus lines were added to the uh you know like okay um you know uh uh uh so Bus Station, a transport congestion started forming in the station, you know well okay uh well uh well well okay okay and as a result bus stations started spreading like so okay well well like uh like I mean uh towards the surrounding streets of the station's building and the area became a busy transportation center.
It participates in lectures and other projects with the um I mean so um you know like like you know so so local university and the local authority, and among its members are guides in thelocal IGY groups.
Another Roman Catholic bishop, Anton Stefanov, calls Arbanasi in 1685 a like so okay like you know okay uh uh well well village of Greeks and Albanians which ranks first in so so uh I mean well so well okay you know I mean Dacia, and there were local merchants in Italy, Hungary, Poland and particularly in Muscovy.
As the only ethnic Chinese peer in The House so I mean um uh um uh like so I mean I mean of Lords, Lord Wei also takes an interest in okay so uh like uh uh I mean uh uh uh British Chinese community issues, particularly in social reform and also economic, cultural and cultural ties between the UK and China.
Simon is an extremely successful freestyle skier who is so you know like well well I mean so I mean so so constantly innovating the sport as well as winning a total of 2 Gold Medals in the Winter X-games.
The day after Feltre, 20 July, Mussolini met Ambrosio twice, um you know well like uh I mean I mean like well okay and the second time he told him that he well like you know um okay um um uh so like had decided to write to Hitler to ask him to exit the alliance.
At 06: 22 the aircraft crashed into the ground I mean uh like you know um like you know you know well like on the outskirts of Dürrenäsch, approximately 35 km from Zürich / Kloten Airport.
There are usually bus services such as the Kopaja um okay um okay well uh uh well like um buses and the more sophisticated TransJakarta bus rapid I mean I mean well you know uh um well I mean uh uh transit which is the longest bus rapid transit system in so so like well like um okay I mean you know so the world, boasting some in 13 corridors and 10 cross-corridor okay uh like so um you know like well you know so routes and carrying 430, 000 passengers daily in 2016.
He was a highly intelligent student with a deep like you know well so well uh um uh uh um interest in social justice and a gifted linguist from an early I mean okay okay okay well um so I mean so you know age, he learned to speak perfect French and then German and Spanish.
Miller lived in Ohio before moving to I mean you know um so well I mean well I mean uh I mean Milwaukee, Wisconsin, and he describes himself as a 'Plenipotentiary - Judge', an ambassador, banker, postmaster, Miller, David Wynn.
Cell 95: 839 - 846 The protein is so uh I mean you know um so you know you know so so largely localized to small cytoplasmic vesicles between the flagellar well so well okay so I mean you know well so um pocket and the nucleus and binds to ApoL1 using a you know uh um I mean um um well um you know well coiled -- coiled interaction at the ApoL1 SRA interacting domain while within the trypanosome lysosome.
They have performed with Mos Def, Aquilla Sadalla, Phil Cohran and at the North Sea Jazz Festival.
The Town of Tchula is served by the like uh okay like uh I mean uh okay well like Holmes County School DistrictTheir Schools are S. V. Marshall High and Elementary And Milston Middle.
She was born born on March 4, 1921 in Pirituba principality um um okay uh okay you know like you know like uh of São Gonçalo do Amarante and died from a you know okay I mean you know so I mean um um okay okay heart attack at the age of 91 on March 27, 2012 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
The Town of Homer was established when Onondaga County was I mean well um well so uh well you know so so formed in 1794 before Cortland County was formed from Onondaga County.
The operation failed to achieve its objectives by the end so you know like like like like you know so you know uh of 25 June and the 49th Division continued the attack you know uh okay uh you know so I mean uh well uh southwards until 1 July, when the division saw uh you know well like um you know um you know I mean uh off a strong attack by elements of 2nd SS Panzer Division Das Reich.
A woman named Jan Snyder a block away reported hearing so like okay like okay like well I mean okay well a car outside her window with a loud backfiring muffler.
Watts was born in Stuttgart, Baden - Württemberg, the only um um um I mean I mean okay okay okay I mean okay child of Christiane and Charles Alphonso Watts; his mother is French and his father is African - American.
It was built in 1906 and designed by Frederick Walters and is a Grade II listed building.
Jimmy Ruffin was born in Collinsville, Mississippi, and was approaching his fifth birthday when his brother David was born.
The water initially flows in two paths before joining like well uh well like uh like you know I mean uh up and passing under Kentish Town and Kings okay I mean so like uh okay I mean you know you know well Cross, running down Farringdon Street, and joining the Thames beneath Blackfriars Bridge.
While Osorkon II's precise reign length is unknown, um I mean well like okay I mean well you know uh okay some Egyptologists such as Von Beckerath -- in his 1997 so okay I mean I mean like uh I mean um um well book Chronology of the Egyptian Pharaohs -- and Aidan Dodson uh uh uh okay well like well so I mean you know have suggested a range of between 38 to 39 years.
Bernie 'B - Man' Mangiboyat is a bass player and founding member for the rock group The Fifth.
Pierre Deland was born the child of Jean Pierre so so okay uh you know okay um um well I mean Deland, violinist of the royal chapell; his grandfather Louis okay okay uh um I mean you know I mean well okay you know Antoine Deland was from Luxemburg, originally har dresser of the so well um okay so like I mean I mean uh you know queen, and his oncle, Louis Deland, was the master of the Royal Swedish Ballet.
Ryrie's health failed rapidly during his last days, falling like um like um I mean uh um so I mean uh unconscious and dying at 1: 30 a. M. On 22 February, aged 63.
Michael says the only wealth in this world is children, um you know so uh okay um uh um like so and, caring for his children's welfare, permits Kay to okay you know like like I mean well I mean so like you know educate them although she has kept them from their father.
Referred in the media as the Prince of Tollywood, he is one uh uh so well I mean so you know like well I mean of the most popular and influential actors of uh you know um like you know you know you know I mean like uh Telugu cinema, and is described as the superstar of Telugu cinema by the audience.
Bigham was awarded the Bank of America Neighborhood okay like you know uh uh um um so like so Hero Award for the prom as well as um uh well well I mean so uh so like I mean the Bob Speltzer Community Service Award by the Q Center for well so so like so you know um uh um um his work on LGBT issues and the Community Hero like um um I mean I mean well like well you know okay Award in Education from PHAME for his work with the special needs population.
Aided by Wild Child, their plan consisted of dropping Logan into well you know well okay you know well you know uh so uh molten steel, however as Wild Child was preparing to finish the job, Omega Red interrupted him.
In the 1600s, a french pirate, Jambe de Bois, um uh so I mean well so you know okay you know okay used pigeon Island as his base, he forged an like um like you know well um so I mean okay you know agreement with the Caribs, so that they would not attack his ship.
Kjell Stefan Löfvén (; born 21 July 1957 ) is so um I mean so well um like like uh you know a Swedish politician who has been Prime Minister of Sweden since 3 October 2014.
The show also depicts the interactions between Tia, you know okay uh well well you know uh um I mean like her daughters, (Tania and Mariah) and twin sons ( Kanani and Keli'i um um so um um like well like I mean uh ) all four who help run the center. , so um okay okay I mean okay well like I mean I mean and Villalobos' staff of volunteers and employees, many of whom are the eponymous parolees.
He was educated at Kunstakademie Düsseldorf during the 1960's and curently lives in Aurdal in Valdres.
During the siege the army of Barbarossa suffered um well well well I mean um I mean I mean so well heavy losses due Sarmiento's men stubborn resistance, but Castelnuovo eventually like I mean uh you know uh well well uh uh I mean fell in Ottoman hands and almost all the Spanish defenders, including Sarmiento, were killed.
The Marine Corps will lead an investigation into the okay well like so like um um well so uh incident, which will include salvaging the fuselages of well well uh uh you know uh okay uh okay okay the two helicopters, which were located approximately two miles off shore, under 325 feet of water.
Subsequently, the KKK attempts to plant a bomb beneath like uh um I mean um so so I mean I mean like Jake's porch, leading him to send his wife and daughter out of town until the trial is over.
Henry and Hugh Mór battled for supremacy over two decades, I mean um uh okay you know you know uh uh I mean um and Henry was subject to long imprisonment by Hugh; but like I mean you know I mean well well um you know uh um after Henry's son married Hugh's daughter he fought for Hugh during the Nine Years' War.
The album features the lead single 'Hollywood's Not America, so like so um uh you know well okay um uh 'which was featured as the' exit song 'during the seventh you know you know okay well I mean uh well you know I mean you know season of the American reality series' American Idol', giving uh like like uh you know well like well uh um Ferras a moderate amount of exposure and publicity for the song.
The last power - up for Judge is uh um like uh okay well okay okay I mean I mean unknown; perhaps a Solar - Aura to take control over the planet.
Rachel has the power of telekinesis, she enters the door and it shuts itself behind her.
She certainly married Sir William at Bradgate but that in uh uh uh well like uh I mean uh like um itself does not prove that Bess was in service at okay you know like okay well so uh I mean uh okay Bradgate and it remains possible that she met Sir William elsewhere, possibly at Codnor.
They drink together, and she tells him of like okay well you know I mean so I mean well so uh her parents' death in a drunk driving accident, which her sister witnessed, but Sara did not.
Dalton Maldonado (born October 20, 1995) is an American high you know uh uh uh uh um like so uh so school basketball player, and in 2015 was featured as you know uh so um well so uh like I mean I mean one of the most influential people in the LGBT community by the magazine 'Out'.
From 0 to 100 km / h will like like I mean I mean so I mean like like well okay be given as 5. 6 seconds and maximum um well I mean well so okay um like I mean uh speed reaches 265 km / h. Only five Tatra MTX V8s were ever built.
Fort Mackay / Horizon Airport is an airfield built to I mean uh okay so okay you know I mean like so like service the Horizon Oil Sands project of Canadian Natural Resources okay well um so well um you know um okay um Ltd. (CNQ - NYSE / TSX), and is built and certified for aircraft up to and including B737.
Following this, in 1961 the Empire closed for extensive internal I mean well I mean like okay so you know okay I mean so reconstruction to a design by Architect George Coles; almost all okay so uh like uh you know I mean like uh well the original ornate plasterwork was removed with only two small sections remaining, hidden behind false walls and ceilings.
West Oxford's locomotive depot was closed, and on 9 uh uh um like okay uh okay like you know so February 1931 the branch became goods only and the link from the Eyreton Branch was closed.
The scene is live performance based, and large reggae festivals well uh so like so um I mean okay so so occur annually in Raglan and Kaikoura, and local reggae artists are an intergral part of the live music scene.
However, the return of Goulding meant Briers was dropped to okay well well okay you know okay like okay um okay the reserves, missing out on an appearance in the final I mean I mean well uh you know uh well okay um I mean & Warrington Wolves stepped in to secure his signature in a £ 65, 000 move.
Suffering from an illness, he took refuge with the uh I mean you know like uh so so um you know like king's brother Gusulf, where he noted that Abbas did so well well so you know I mean well um you know um not ask for the usual bottle of urine, and the doctor who came to examine him was inexperienced.
Dr. Stonehill is a composite of the many great scientists I mean like well well so I mean so um well so and researchers that Crowley worked with over the years, among them Dr. William Canfield and Dr. Yuan - Tsong Chen.
She resembles her comic incarnation, just apparently younger with a cat uh okay I mean I mean I mean uh like I mean uh I mean mask, which is the only part of her visible when she okay um I mean well I mean uh I mean uh like well turns invisible, much like the Cheshire Cat in 'Alice In Wonderland'.
The southern facing panels are photovoltaic trackers and are like well well so well you know uh you know well so highly efficient, generating thirty percent more energy than panels that do not move.
After a few months, Khushi and Arnav fall so um uh like like I mean I mean okay okay uh in love with each other again and after like um well well so I mean okay uh uh um an argument, Arnav decides to go on a trip overseas but manages to get kidnapped.
Most disk partitioning schemes are designed to have files occupy okay like I mean um I mean I mean you know uh you know well a multiple of sectors regardless of the file's actual well um so okay uh uh like you know like I mean size files that do not fill a whole I mean um okay like I mean I mean well I mean you know so sector will have the remainder of their last sector filled with zeroes.
He met his wife in Dalian and his girlfriend uh so uh I mean well so well I mean so uh was a student of the Hong Kong Institute of Education when he was playing for Citizen and South China.
The raw clay is mined from a vein okay I mean so um I mean um like I mean okay I mean that the artisans say is chemically unique but at current you know like I mean like so um like I mean uh uh rates of exploitation this vein may be exhausted in about fifty years.
In addition to the seven individual event winners, you know you know um you know well um you know uh I mean well there is also an overall champion titled the All - I mean uh um I mean okay like well uh well like Around Cowboy, all eight winners receive the National Circuit Championship gold belt - buckle.
Born in the village of Uhryniv Staryi, in the Kalush District um I mean uh uh you know so well you know I mean I mean of Galiсia, then part of the Austro - Hungarian Empire, uh okay uh so uh like you know uh um so in present day Ukraine, Stepan's father, Andriy Bandera, was the Greek - Catholic rite parish priest of Uhryniv Staryi.
Unsold stock was apparently finally cleared from the Hatfield warehouse so you know like okay like like um so so so during 1988, the US Lone Star expert Dallas. J. Mallerich you know okay like okay like well I mean well I mean um was apparently offered any remaining OOO railway stock but the price quoted was too high.
Tomáš Holý (born 10 December 1991) is a professional Czech well uh you know um I mean well well like uh okay football goalkeeper currently playing for Gillingham after signing a uh so um um well um like okay uh well two and a half year contract on 20 January 2017.
The previous voyages had been in search of I mean you know you know like I mean okay like um you know uh the mythical Strait of Anián and the Island of well so I mean so you know uh I mean so okay okay California, which according to a previously published romance novel okay I mean like okay you know um so like um well in Spain, was supposedly a terrestrial paradise populated only by dark - skinned women.
Kate eventually strengthened to a strong Category 3 hurricane well like I mean I mean um like um you know well like on October 4 and slipped southeast of Newfoundland while a Category 1 hurricane.
At the age of 100, he was one of the oldest Catholic I mean you know so so I mean well I mean um you know um bishops; he still lives in Amboina, one of the Moluccan islands in Indonesia.
Brooke Gabrielle Fraser Ligertwood, better known as Brooke so I mean well uh I mean like so uh uh okay Fraser (born 15 December 1983), is a New Zealand uh like like well like I mean okay so so like musician best known for her third studio album 'Flags', and hit single 'Something in the Water'.
The Amsterdam Mohawks are a collegiate summer baseball I mean so okay um well so okay okay like um team based in Amsterdam, New York and play in the Perfect Game Collegiate Baseball League.
Tarek Al Ali (born 6 February 1986) is a um um okay like like uh so you know you know um Lebanese footballer who plays for Al - Mabarrah in Lebanon.
Originating from Athens, Greece, Angelos Derlopas has won some like okay well uh so well you know well you know um good reviews on GodsOfMusic. Com, on listen. Com and you know um you know you know so okay okay okay you know um has earned distinctive spots on various site charts like mp3 okay uh um I mean so I mean well so I mean okay. Com, gained a profitable orbit on mp3. Com and was nominated well well okay so like you know I mean I mean so you know for a movie soundtrack on flicker. Com with 'Insalubrious'.
Altamira Press, 2002 The status of women in pre-Columbian I mean I mean uh I mean uh uh I mean you know I mean like Maya society can be inferred only from their elaborate like like uh um um you know like uh okay I mean burial sMaya societies include Toniná, a city which became matrilineal after the death of the powerful leader, Lady K’awil.
Donald Howard, the Baron Strathcona and Mount Royal became its like uh uh you know so like you know like like okay first honorary president and, upon his death, was succeeded by so well I mean so like I mean like so you know so the Prince Arthur, the Duke of Connaught and Strathearn, a previous Governor - General of Canada.
Kristopher Michael Pooley (born October 30, 1976) is an American I mean like well well well well so you know I mean I mean rock musician from Detroit that is most popular for his work uh you know well you know well okay like you know like like with Gwen Stefani as her touring keyboardist, programmer, and musical director.
The new design was used as the basis you know you know uh I mean I mean so uh like uh okay of the E class, supplied by Neilson and Company in you know um okay you know um okay like um so uh 1904, and in the same year the Central so so okay I mean uh okay I mean like so uh South African Railways introduced the F class, built by the Vulcan Foundry.
Back in the schoolroom, Jessamy went to the cupboard to um um you know well okay so you know uh I mean so see if Fanny's hat was there, but the door I mean uh uh you know I mean I mean um I mean well I mean closed behind her and she found herself back in the present, still in her dressing gown, holding the torch.
The Dedham Public School System (Dedham Public Schools) is like so so so well you know okay you know like okay a PK -- 12 graded school district in well so like um like like you know so uh like Massachusetts and is the oldest public school system in the country.
Terrestrial orchids have been found to commonly associate with Tulasnellaceae, well um so well you know okay you know I mean well so while epiphytic fungi may associate more commonly with limited clades of 'rhizoctonia', a polyphyletic grouping.
Major - General Sir Henry Havelock, KCB (5 April 1795 -- um you know um so well um I mean so uh you know 24 November 1857) was a British general who is particularly so you know I mean you know like you know you know uh okay well associated with India and his recapture of Cawnpore from rebels during Indian Rebellion of 1857.
'Hotel California' topped the 'Billboard' Hot 100 singles chart for uh uh uh uh okay so you know okay so so one week in May 1977 and peaked at number 10 on the Easy Listening chart.
As a result, the Devil's Advocate is indefinitely banned from the English Wikipedia.
According to this article (see reference) the whole tour uh okay um like well so so like okay well in Australia will approximately earn $ 56 million, okay I mean uh like you know I mean like I mean you know like though, with the addition of extra dates, the new Australian leg grossing stands at just over $ 70 million.
These two proposed freeways were planned as okay well okay well well so you know so uh I mean toll roads, and in 1962, the New Jersey Expressway Authority I mean I mean um I mean I mean so okay uh um uh Act was signed into law, creating the New Jersey Expressway like you know um okay you know well I mean so I mean um Authority that was to manage both the Atlantic City and Cape May expressways.
Russell is a town of 1, 700 located in southwestern Manitoba, Canada, west of Silver Creek Municipality.
Herpich came up with the idea to replace um like I mean okay okay so well um so okay Ward with a futuristic man named Cuber; furthermore, Herpich uh uh like um like well um you know I mean um crafted Cuber's dialogue so that it would sound um you know okay okay like so okay okay like well like it was a 'dialect from thousand of years in the future'.
Rabbi Jose ben Halafta, known for his commentary in the haggadah.
The mission was the longest continuous mission ever attempted so I mean like uh I mean okay I mean like um okay by Twentieth Air Force, a distance and a duration of 17 hours.
The office of High Sheriff of Greater London was um you know you know like like uh um like like uh created in 1965 and covers the ceremonial county of Greater London you know so I mean uh uh uh uh okay um well and does not cover the City of London, which has its own two Sheriffs.
'Paper Plane' is a rock song originally by you know I mean like uh okay um you know okay uh um Status Quo, which was released as a single in 1972 okay okay I mean well uh so so okay I mean I mean (reaching number 8 in the UK Singles Chart) and on their album 'Piledriver'.
It is a part of the San Francisco um well I mean well um okay well um you know like Bay Area. By 2030 San Ramon will have 81, 700 residents making it 5th largest city in Contra Costa County.
Jill made blueberry BBQ chicken with scalloped carrot and I mean okay okay so you know uh okay um you know well potato, Christina thought that the chicken had unexpectedly great um um like I mean so uh I mean well you know like flavor, the gratin was delicious but had too much cream and herbs in it.
One particular defender of the idea of species selection well so so uh like you know uh like so I mean is S. J. Gould who has proposed the view that uh so well so so well I mean like well I mean there exist macroevolutionary processes which shape evolution beyond well um well well I mean okay um like okay uh the level of species and are not driven by the microevolutionary mechanisms already characterized by evolutionary biologists.
The Turks were looting and pillaging the countryside, for two years so um well um well like you know like uh uh Thrace was in the hands of Halil Pasha, the local inhabitants did not cultivate their lands at the time.
On 9 January 2011, at a political meeting at the well well like so um like like like like I mean Silver Tassie Hotel, Letterkenny, Blaney disclosed that he and his wife so uh so uh well so um well like I mean had agreed to an amicable separation and that he like uh like I mean I mean so um well well okay had moved out of the family home in Rosnakill, Fanad.
Nordenskiöld Land is the warmest and wettest part of the okay well uh like uh well I mean like well so archipelago, caused by the convergence of mild and humid air from the south and cold air from the north.
The North Eastern Railway (NER), unlike many other uh um well uh you know uh okay well uh like of the pre-Grouping companies, had a relatively compact territory, having the district it covered to itself.
He made his film debut in 1935 in 'The Case I mean you know I mean okay okay uh like uh well so of Gabriel Perry', and spent the remainder of the decade so well um well you know um um okay you know uh playing supporting roles in films, often being credited with 'stealing the scene' from the star.
Today, only passenger traffic, uses the remaining tunnels and all 4 modern lines are fully bidirectional.
The first documented use of the term is within so uh I mean okay well so so so well I mean a song featuring producer and lyricist Rebel MC, in um well I mean uh I mean um well like like um which a sample was taken from a much older dancehall okay uh I mean like you know like so I mean so well tune containing the lyrics 'Rebel got this chant -' alla the junglists'.
They all share the same chemical composition of AlPO 4 and well well well uh like uh um okay you know you know have framework structures with microporous cavities and the frameworks are made up of alternating AlO 4 and PO 4 tetrahedra.
A troll threatened them as they came, one by one; like so like uh uh you know you know um okay you know the two older ran off, but the youngest uh um you know okay uh so so well you know okay set out, having asked for food, and when the okay well uh well uh well well okay um I mean troll threatened him, he pulled out some cheese and squeezed it until whey came out.
Hoc is mentioned as the father of Hnæf (d. 450?) well I mean um well you know like you know well um I mean and Hildeburh in the Old English poems 'Beowulf' and you know so I mean I mean like uh I mean okay so so the 'Finnsburg Fragment', but he may be a mythical so so so I mean uh uh okay okay uh well tribal ancestor, because Widsith says that Hnæf ruled over the Hocings.
Niobe is a fictional character from the 'Matrix' film series, portrayed by actor Jada Pinkett Smith, wife of actor Will Smith.
The first season of Sam & Cataired on Nickelodeon so you know you know like well uh uh like I mean you know from June 8, 2013 to July 17, 2014. The season introduces, Jennette you know so like you know um um so well so so McCurdy as Sam Puckett, Ariana Grande as Cat Valentine, and Cameron Ocasio as Dice Corleone.
He is known for his intense, powerful, energetic style I mean okay like well you know like well well um uh and his rendering of pieces of the celebrated Sufi mystic poet Amir Khusro.
As evidenced by the book's great popularity, in 1894 the um okay you know well okay I mean you know okay I mean okay scenario of such an alliance seemed plausible to the well like like okay like like uh okay so well British public; only four years later, Britain and France uh you know so well you know okay you know uh uh um were indeed on the verge of war during the Fashoda Incident.
The Simister Village Community Association formed in 2000 is in um like I mean like well like like like um well the process of developing a 10 acre wetland site having I mean um so well okay um okay so okay okay already installed stone paths at a cost of £ 30, 000 funded by grants obtained by the Committee.
The first offshore wind farm was installed in Denmark in 1991, um so like well so so you know you know I mean uh and the installed capacity of European offshore wind farms reached 3 GW in 2010.
Nemir A. Kirdar is an Iraqi billionaire, businessman and I mean uh okay well I mean like so I mean well um financier, he is the executive chairman & CEO of well so I mean well uh okay um well you know um Investcorp, a private equity investment group operating out of New York, London and Bahrain.
David Zennie is an American, Los Angeles based award - you know well like so you know well okay um so I mean winning filmmaker who has produced and directed over 70 professional productions well I mean I mean you know so uh like so I mean you know working on various formats such as 35mm, ARRI ALEXA, and the RED Epic.
Lunghar, also incorrectly called 'Nunghar' is a village located so like so I mean okay uh um so like uh north of Ukhrul in Ukhrul district, Manipur state, India Lunghar uh okay you know um uh um so okay like like is villagers called Lunghar as Lunghir and the villagers communicate each other with Luhir dialect.
No. 3, Winter 2002 In 1949, she married Mel Thayne; they became the parents of five daughters.
Other drugs are adulterated with substances to create addiction, an okay I mean well uh well like okay okay well um example being the adulteration of cannabis in B. C. Canada with methamphetamine.
As it was designed to be a summer retreat for the uh okay um uh so well I mean I mean um well aristocracy, it was built alongside the lake; the like you know um well so I mean I mean so so I mean villa was named after an elm planted in the you know so okay so um um uh uh um I mean middle of the ornate gardens, which is no longer alive today.
Takara Co. , Ltd. Was a Japanese toy company okay well like well okay uh well okay like like founded in 1955, that merged with another prominent Japanese well like I mean like um okay okay I mean so okay toy company, Tomy Co. , Ltd. , on March 1, 2006.
Willy Monfret is a French Caribbean model / actor you know like okay I mean okay like like okay so you know / DJ and is the only child of a French okay okay you know you know well you know so okay um like mother and a French Caribbean father from the island of Guadeloupe.
She won three gold medals at the 1967 Pan American um okay I mean well um okay uh well okay um Games and a record 35 national championships and 24 North American championships.
Dayananda notes that she published seven similar books where the okay okay I mean okay well like you know I mean well so lead character is not am ambitious feminist but is a I mean like so uh um you know okay so so um woman based in the home but a sensitive woman who is so um okay okay like so uh uh you know okay beginning to realise that her gender's role may not always be submissive.
Many exhibitions and art events were held in the like you know um um okay like you know so I mean you know space but as of 2005 though, the popularity of Mr. Gibbons' work internationally caused a change.
After the match Taylor reacted angrily when van Barneveld attempted to like okay well uh well um uh I mean okay okay pull him back to congratulate him after their handshake, um like okay well so I mean well well okay like with the pair being escorted from the stage separately by security staff.
He was a devout Anglican in the high church tradition okay uh um you know like so um um like like and a benefactor to local churches, paying for the restoration like like uh like so well um um I mean well of his local church and for the building of new churches in two villages on his estates.
From his father he had inherited a war against you know you know well you know like so uh I mean uh um the Byzantine Empire and against the Turks in the east, and I mean like well um you know I mean you know um so well negotiations of peace had just begun with the Emperor uh I mean okay so so well like um uh so Tiberius II, but Hormizd IV haughtily declined to cede anything of the conquests of his father.
GEC Marconi built a site at Waterlooville for their Underwater uh uh I mean okay okay well you know uh like uh Systems in the early 1980s, for the Stingray anti submarine torpedo.
Dom's 'Rhino Technique' is based on Karate putting um um um uh you know I mean um like okay so a strong emphasis on chopping and slashing with well uh okay I mean I mean um like well well um his Rhino Blade to enhance the effects of his moves.
He is the reason why Manx is no longer um uh you know you know I mean like okay uh you know I mean a part of the FCPD, and Manx desipises him for that; althought he appears to have a crush on Manx.
The results of an ECG will point to like okay I mean so uh uh um so so you know a heart illness and can only be deciphered to be so you know you know like uh okay you know uh um like athlete's heart through careful examination by a health I mean well like um uh um okay I mean like um care practioner which will commonly notice normal systolic and diastolic functions but will see left ventricular wall thickening.
All Australian states require that firearms must be locked uh like you know like so I mean okay like like okay in steel cabinets or safes, with the ammunition (and bolt uh okay I mean uh like uh well so um like if readily removed) stored either in a separate safe or in a separate locked section of the safe.
His first published work is called, 'I Am so I mean uh um I mean like uh um well you know Number 8' and parallels a look at King David's life with so okay I mean um okay well like um so like his own focusing and revealing that you can be overlooked, undervalued, but not forgotten by God.
He practiced law in Chicago at Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP okay so okay uh like okay I mean so um so and Roberts McGivney Zagotta LLP before becoming a baseball agent um um okay um so uh okay like well so and Baseball Operations Coordinator at Excel Sports Management, a full - service sports agency headquartered in New York City.
After retiring as a player, Richards went into local government like so okay well okay I mean so I mean uh well in Wolverhampton; later returning to Wolves as managing director in 1994, a post he held until 2000.
A doghouse (chiefly in American English) or a kennel um well you know I mean um uh um okay okay uh is a small shed, often built in the shape of a you know like uh so uh um um well um you know little house, in which a dog is kept or can run into for shelter from the elements.
This proposal resonated with Tom Bailey's vision of like so okay um uh like you know um um you know providing further education to a wider section of the community, the lost '60 %'.
As it is updated manually it does not okay well uh well so so you know you know like so reflect the current content of either site, however it includes versions of articles that have been previously deleted.
Spiezio signed another one - year deal to play the 2010 you know like so like uh you know you know like I mean uh season for the Newark Bears. He hit. 279 with 3 homeruns and 35 runs batted in while appearing in 52 games.
Abbeyknockmoy GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association club located I mean uh like you know you know okay like okay so um in Abbeyknockmoy, County Galway, Ireland and is almost exclusively concerned with the game of hurling.
Since then, the Miami Children's Museum relocated to uh uh um you know well you know so you know well I mean the island and as of 2004, the State of so well so um well okay okay you know well okay Florida was offering a site in the Island um I mean you know you know you know okay you know okay well um Gardens project on Watson Island to host the Free Trade Area of the Americas (FTAA) Permanent Secretariat.
Construction on the bridge started in mid- 2009 and was completed on 24 August 2012.
The Council was officially registered in India and its headquarters is in New Delhi, India.
Outgoing President Vladislav Ardzinba was nominated by the national like I mean you know I mean well um like you know so um - patriotic movement Apsny, he stood unopposed in the election.
In 1957 the squadron was relocated to Truax Field. The you know um well I mean well uh like well okay you know 61st transitioned to the F - 80 Shooting Star I mean um um um okay like you know okay uh um and later was the first squadron to fly the F - 86 Sabre.
In 2015/16 they faced eventual winners ABC / UMinho in the you know like so I mean uh you know um so you know so opening round but their domestic campaign ended with a I mean um uh I mean um like like okay like okay 5th place finish and therefore the team missed out on a EHF Challenge Cup place for the 2016/17 season.
Aardvark is stuck on a deserted island where the uh so uh so uh I mean so I mean well um only food he has is coconuts, but he wants to go to another island with lots of ants.
The most widely spoken Min language is Hokkien, which includes okay I mean uh well um uh uh I mean so okay the Amoy dialect of southern Fujian, Taiwanese in Taiwan, Teochew dialect in Chaoshan and Fuzhounese in Fuzhou.
The townspeople don't seem to mind, as she is an you know like so uh uh I mean so um well well attractive female (believing that statutory rape is not like so uh you know I mean you know so well you know uh a crime if the perpetrator is a beautiful woman), and as far as Ike is concerned, Kyle is dead to him.
He released his first two recordings in Australia before like um you know well uh you know uh um well like moving to england In 1965, where he worked as a solo artist and accompanist at various folk clubs.
Edyta Górniak (born 14 November 1972, Ziębice, Poland) is like okay like um so so um so I mean like a Polish pop singer noted for possessing a wide vocal range of approximately four octaves.
The committee's investigations made national news headlines several times, okay I mean I mean uh like um like uh uh um the first in mid- 1935, as the committee launched a you know you know so you know like um okay okay um uh major probe into utility companies funding opposition to like well I mean well so um uh um okay I mean the Wheeler - Rayburn Act, a utility regulation bill pending before Congress.
He graduated in Law and Economics at the University uh uh well um uh uh like like so like of Deusto, and completed follow - up studies okay you know okay well I mean um uh like uh I mean at the École Pratique des Hautes Études in like you know I mean so okay I mean well like like um Paris and the 'Senior managers in Government' program at the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University.
He became Naval Adjutant or aide to Kaiser Wilhelm uh like so you know well I mean you know so you know I mean II 1888m and, in 1889, Chief of the German Imperial Naval Cabinet.
She was also a trend starter, the fact that uh okay like okay uh okay so um uh um Taglioni scandalously shortened her skirts for La Sylphide to show off uh you know uh I mean like uh I mean I mean so um her feet, began the slow transition from long ballet skirts to the short tutu.
He grew up on Martha's Vineyard and worked in like well you know like like okay uh so okay I mean the Edgartown School as an instructional technology specialist and as like I mean like you know well you know so you know well uh an Instructional Designer at Hunter College Campus Schools in New York City.
A pair of black Alfa Romeo 159 Ti cars appeared um you know well so okay okay so like okay like in the opening scenes of the 2008 James Bond like um well like uh I mean well you know like um film 'Quantum of Solace', in the car chase with James Bond's Aston Martin DBS V12 around Lake Garda, Italy.
Lancelot Edward Seth Ward (7 August 1875 -- 27 August I mean um um uh well uh well I mean um you know 1929) was a career solider who commanded the First um I mean well uh okay so uh uh you know um Battalion of the King's African Rifles in the first - class cricket for Somerset between 1913 and 1920.
Marlo played a major role in the Captain Marvel okay so okay so well uh um like um so series until she developed feelings for the superheroine Moondragon and Rick left her.
Nippon Connection is a festival for Japanese film which takes okay well like um so well well um I mean uh place in Frankfurt am Main every year in spring or early summer.
The Melbourne College of Divinity (MCD) is located I mean I mean okay so so uh well I mean like like in Melbourne, in the Australian state of Victoria, it was constituted by a 1910 Act of the Parliament of Victoria.
'You Got the Dirtee Love' is featured on the 'Dirtee so like um um so uh well you know so uh Deluxe Edition' of Dizzee Rascal's 'Tongue n' uh you know I mean like like I mean okay okay so you know Cheek 'album; the track charted in Ireland following the album's release.
The Center for Jewish Values has published a 'seven - volume um so um so you know um I mean I mean like okay series,' Mareh Mekomos on Bein Adom L'Chavero', with comprehensive sources on all Bein Adom L'Chavero topics.
Sidonie was a pious Catholic woman who abhorred violence well like so you know uh you know you know um I mean you know and therefore refused to accompany her husband during his wars at Groningen and Friesland.
Arthur learns that though he joined the firm later, Julius Penrose, I mean so uh uh uh I mean so so well I mean Arthur's other partner, has been aware of the embezzlement for some time.
The Ancient Church of the East ( ' ʿĒtā ʿAttīqtā um you know so well so you know uh I mean you know you know d'Maḏnəḥā', ) is a continuation in the traditions of okay well you know uh well uh okay so um um the Church of the East, one of the oldest Christian so you know you know uh I mean well well I mean okay so churches whose origins trace back to the See of Seleucia - Ctesiphon in central Mesopotamia.
Often referred to as Tokiwachi by the rest so so you know okay like I mean so um I mean uh of the characters, Tokiwa is a transfer student who you know um I mean so well well uh so well you know moved to Meirin's school apparently solely for the purpose of wooing her.
In 1895, Joseon Kingdom of Korea became independent from well I mean uh uh okay you know um you know um like Qing Dynasty when the Japanese Empire defeated China in okay well uh uh I mean so uh like well okay the First Sino - Japanese War to made I mean okay you know um um okay so like well um China discontinue the influence on Korea and renounce any claims to the country by the Treaty of Shimonoseki.
A clipper was a very fast sailing ship of the I mean uh um like you know like so um uh uh 19th century that had three or more masts and a square rig.
Yarchagumba '(Cordyceps sinensis)' also popularly known as Yarsagumba (or Yarshagumba) so so I mean you know I mean okay like uh I mean like in Nepal, is a rare species of parasitic fungus that grows on the bodies of insect larvae.
The original 1965 Broadway production ran for 2, well uh uh okay uh so you know um so so 328 performances and won five Tony Awards, and the so well uh like you know like I mean uh uh like musical has been revived four times on Broadway, becoming one of the most enduring works of musical theatre.
Karimnagar is a city and Municipal Corporation in the state you know I mean well so well okay so uh you know uh of Andhra Pradesh, it is located on the banks of uh okay well well so okay um so like uh the Manair River, which is a tributary of the Godavari River.
He maintains close contact with the Belgian revisionist well well I mean I mean um you know um you know okay um organisation Vrij Historisch Onderzoek (VHO) and after his release from I mean well like I mean well you know okay like well like prison he was from 1997 state chairman of the far - right NPD party for North Rhine - Westphalia.
Kessler attended Centennial High School in Bakersfield, California, and played for Centennial's football team.
The first historical reference to the castle occurs in 1191, okay so you know um okay so okay uh uh like when King Richard I of England captured it on uh uh um I mean um um uh you know you know uh his way to the Third Crusade by defeating Isaac like you know um so like uh um so well so Comnenus, an upstart local governor who had proclaimed himself emperor.
'Flying Easy Loving Crazy' is Toshinobu Kubota's thirty - third well you know like I mean you know you know you know I mean well um single, featuring R&B singer Misia, released on March 26, 2008.
The X-Jet arrives to pick them up but are attacked like so so okay I mean uh well you know um you know by the Air Force, however, they manage to defeat okay uh uh I mean okay okay well you know uh so them, and the X-Men team up with Magneto and Mystique.
Ablaze Communications or simply ABLAZE was formerly known as well so okay you know you know like uh um okay like 'Flame Ministries' CFC launched Ablaze Communications as a subsidiary of you know so so so you know uh like uh you know I mean the organization involved in production of audio - visual presentations okay well I mean um okay uh so um okay like and merchandizing of products that serves as a tool for a pastoral growth.
The Aurelian Walls where built between 270 and 273, I mean well so you know um so I mean okay so you know by Roman Emperor Aurelian to defend the city of uh uh uh uh well uh okay well I mean so Rome, capital of the Roman Empire by barbarian attacks.
In the 1950s and 1960s industrial exposure to cadmium was high, like um you know you know well you know you know okay uh um but as the toxic effects of cadmium became apparent, industrial limits uh you know um okay I mean I mean okay like like I mean on cadmium exposure have been reduced in most industrialized you know well um okay uh like well uh so well nations and many policy makers agree on the need to reduce exposure further.
Here, the second Fast Forward of the Race was presented, um well um uh I mean um um uh well so which required teams to locate a harbor in Ajaccio I mean okay so so uh okay you know uh I mean well and don old - style diving suits weighing more than each.
The track is owned by Panoz Motorsports, and is the home to I mean well you know well uh well well I mean uh like Petit Le Mans, as well as AMA motorcycle racing and smaller events throughout the year.
This station also houses a large Emergency Tender well okay uh okay um like um so uh so ( Call Sign: 'NO4' ) The station is located on Railway Row in Sunderland.
Sixth formers do not have to wear uniform, although so okay you know I mean okay um okay okay uh uh there is a dress code, however in 2006 'Smart Fridays' well I mean okay well okay I mean I mean so uh okay were introduced and business attire must be worn on this day each week.
Approximately 97 % of currently practicing anesthesiologist assistants hold well well okay um okay well so um um I mean a Master's degree with some early anesthesiologist assistant graduates holding like you know uh um um uh uh so okay okay Bachelor's degrees making up the remainder; all newly credentialed you know uh uh I mean you know well like so so okay and future anesthesiologist assistants must complete an accredited Master's program for anesthesiologist assistants.
Mr Justice Sayed Zahid Hussain has taken oath as a Chief Justice of the Lahore High Court.
More concrete evidence is provided by the number of well I mean well well I mean like um well so I mean boat houses marked on old maps, including two okay I mean well okay okay well um uh so uh on the Arborfield estate, one of which still exists, one like so like um I mean okay um so okay um near Mill Lane at Sindlesham, and another at Woodley, near to Colmansmoor Lane.
The centrifugal propulsion was later replaced by a conventional I mean you know well uh like like I mean okay like so engine and propeller mounted on the tail of the airship; uh you know I mean well like okay you know you know uh okay the rolled seams intended to hold the panels together okay I mean uh like um uh well uh so you know subsequently unrolled owing to gas pressure created by superheat during an attempted launch of the airship.
Resistor - diode networks and FETs are sometimes used for I mean you know you know um uh like okay I mean well like the nonlinear element, but a simpler traditional solution like well okay okay um uh um um like well is to use a thermistor or an ordinary incandescent light so you know like okay you know um um so okay okay bulb; both provide a resistance that increases with temperature as the current through them increases.
The following off - season, he signed as a well uh uh um I mean like you know you know well you know free agent with the New York Rangers on July well uh so you know uh so um you know well I mean 13, 1999, replacing Dan Cloutier, who had been traded away, as Mike Richter's backup.
The Arabs rejected the partition of Palestine, like so like um well okay I mean um I mean I mean but the Jews declared the independence of the State of Israel in May 1948.
The Delhi - Ambala - Kalka line was opened you know I mean so okay okay okay so like well so in 1891, and the Chandigarh - Sahnewal line (also referred okay like um okay well I mean I mean uh I mean uh to as Ludhiana - Chandigarh rail link) was inaugurated in 2013.
Judicial discretion remains in determining the limits of testimony okay I mean I mean you know okay I mean so um well so as well, such that any testimony that 'wastes time' or is irrelevant is barred.
Its runways were closed in the 1970s, and it is currently part of a wildlife refuge.
There was some initial evidence that statin therapy might reduce you know I mean okay um like like well you know so uh vasospasm, however, a subsequent meta - analysis including three okay uh okay so okay okay uh like like you know further trials did not demonstrate evidence for benefit of statin use on either vasospasm or clinical outcomes.
He is the former Minister of Trade and Industry so um so like you know I mean you know you know so I mean for Venezuela and Director of its Central Bank and Executive Director of the World Bank.
In addition to this, without access to this crucial pass, Alexander uh okay you know so I mean I mean like okay okay well could be cut off from Greece, which had freshly revolted, and would eventually do so again.
Bhikshatana is often accompanied by women and bhuta - gana uh uh um um I mean you know okay okay well you know (goblin attendants of Shiva); one of the attendants -- placed uh I mean like uh okay like well you know you know well to the left of Bhikshatana -- should carry a well like I mean okay I mean so well uh like okay large bowl that is used for storing the food alms of Shiva.
The Deceptikonz are a New Zealand hip I mean um well well I mean you know um you know so like hop group formed in 1996 and consists of Savage, Devolo, um you know you know I mean uh uh uh like okay um Alphrisk and Mareko and who formed in 1996 in the South Auckland suburb of Manurewa.
A number of forts were built for the um I mean you know so okay so so well okay you know defence of the city just prior to the uh um I mean so okay so uh okay you know like Second Boer War, though some are today in ruins, a number of them have been preserved as national monuments.
Juana María de la Concepción Méndez Gumán, commonly referred as um I mean uh um I mean I mean uh uh um uh Conny Méndez (11 April 1898 -- 26 November 1979) like you know well okay um so uh okay um you know was a Venezuelan composer, singer, writer, caricaturist, actress and metaphysican.
Bernard convinces Hacker to continue their conversation back in like like I mean I mean uh you know like I mean uh well the Cabinet Room, where he warns the PM that Luke like well um I mean uh I mean I mean I mean well well is actually the Foreign Office's 'man in Number 10' and is not to be trusted.
Many IETF RFCs use the term 'network order'; like like I mean you know you know like you know so um so it simply describes the order of transmission for bits and bytes 'over the wire' in network protocols.
In the 21st century, proposed megavitamin therapies with vitamin C are like like like um um okay so um okay so being evaluated for their possible use in cancer, but clinical results um well uh like like so uh well you know well have shown no effect on treating or reducing the risk of cancer.
Simon Fraser University, the University of Victoria, and the University uh well so I mean well well so I mean uh so of British Columbia; before its completion they were joined by the University of Alberta.
Daniel is mortally wounded, but before he dies, he gives um so um so I mean like okay um so so Arytom his reward anyway, an envelope containing directions to a functioning missile silo.
Johnson appointed nine Article III federal judges during his uh um I mean well um like well okay I mean um presidency, all to United States district courts; he did okay so well like I mean um well okay I mean okay not appoint a justice to serve on the Supreme Court.
A slightly different mix (notably excluding the narration from the album) uh okay well well so okay you know like I mean I mean was released as a single, and later included in the Moody Blues 'box set' Time Traveller'.
UTSA is San Antonio's only institution that competes in Division you know well you know like okay um like um so so I. UTSA will join the Western Athletic Conference okay uh so so I mean well so you know so well on July 1, 2012, later moved to Conference USA on July 1, 2013.
In June 1800 he took the Vienna oath of citizenship you know so I mean uh well I mean okay okay well I mean and in May 1802 in Vienna Scots okay um well I mean like um uh I mean um um Church he married Josepha Fischer, he took over the workshop of Ignaz Christian Bartl.
We learn, at the last, to look at our so you know I mean um um so uh uh well so brothers as aliens, men with whom we share a city, uh like okay well okay you know um uh okay uh but not a community; men bound to us in common dwelling, but not in common effort.
In February 2013 a party of armed men like um so okay uh um I mean uh um okay claiming to have been sent by the Sultan of Sulu landed so okay okay okay you know like uh so okay I mean in Sabah and several armed clashes occurred with Malaysian police, at least so well like um well you know like well you know you know 68 Sulu forces were killed including 2 civilians and 10 Malaysian forces.
Despite being a relief pitcher, Womack led the like okay so so um uh you know well like so team in victories, also pacing the squad in games pitched and strikeouts.
He is the son of José A. 'Nía' Rivera, a okay you know I mean well okay uh you know so uh well former mayor of Trujillo Alto, and Christina Schätzed like you know so I mean you know well okay I mean I mean uh at the Interamerican University Law School, where he graduated in 1992.
For 2014, the theme park will open Cbeebies land on um uh well um you know so so well uh I mean the old side of Old MacDonald's Farmyard, it is scheduled to open on the 24th May 2014.
Medical exams and doctor testimony was presented in court uh you know well you know I mean like well like uh okay to dispute the theory and in the special so so well so uh well I mean so like like features section, Carpenter's second wife adamantly asserts that Carpenter was completely heterosexual.
He received his BA from the University of Chicago so well well okay you know I mean okay you know um so in 1989, and his PhD in 1993 at UCLA where his advisor was Basil Gordon.
Hall fought throughout with great ability, possibly not always wisely, considering I mean you know like well um well um you know okay okay that he had a young family to care for; but as um uh I mean uh so okay well I mean I mean you know he said himself afterwards' I was young, generous and disinterested, but imprudent.
In 1937 she became a flight instructor, she also took okay so well so okay uh you know uh I mean uh part in some air aparades, flying single - seater UT - 1.
Gardiner was severely critical of all of Cranmer's arguments and um um uh you know um I mean uh like like I mean cited a range of sources supporting the doctrine of okay uh um so so well you know so I mean so the Real Presence, such as the Book of Common Prayer, Martin Luther, Cranmer's own Catechism and other Lutheran writers.
On December 7, five defendants were given the death sentence, you know so you know like um I mean so you know well like which was commutted to long prison terms, while other defendants were sentenced to different terms in prison.
Meanwhile, Wesley discovers information on this demon species. After like uh um like uh I mean like I mean okay well discovering that the demons are herbivores and eat half so um I mean I mean like well I mean well you know uh their weight in food each day, Cordelia and Wesley go looking for compost.
Operatic pop is a subgenre of pop music uh okay you know um well like you know I mean I mean uh that is performed in an operatic style, or a song, okay like you know you know you know well well you know well well theme or motif from classical music stylized as pop. The term 'popera' is used by some media editors and music reviewers.
MRI contrast agents alter the relaxation times of tissues and body cavities well so okay like you know uh like so um um where they are present, which depending on the image weighting can give a higher or lower signal.
Mussolini even had his sights set on the former German um so I mean you know okay okay like well I mean I mean colony of Cameroon and a territorial corridor connecting that territory to Libya.
Cotap, Inc. Is a company that sells a mobile you know you know so well you know you know uh you know you know I mean messaging application for businesses that was founded in May I mean you know uh like like um so so like I mean 2013 by former Yammer executives Jim Patterson and Zack Parker.
James 'Jim' McMahon (born 7 July 1980) is a so okay okay well okay well I mean I mean so I mean British Labour Party politician, who currently serves as Leader of Oldham Metropolitan Borough Council in Greater Manchester.
The campus was a host site for the Canadian I mean um so I mean okay so so okay I mean you know Open Data Experience (CODE) appathon on the the weekend well well I mean okay okay uh like so uh um of February 28 to March 2 2014, when participants like I mean I mean uh so I mean I mean well you know um from across Canada turned federal Open Data into interesting and beneficial applications.
She had been brutally raped and murdered there eight months um okay so I mean um um um like you know um earlier by Jacob Delashmutt, Joseph Fiorella and Royce I mean okay okay I mean okay well you know like like like Casey - all of whom are now imprisoned and serving 25 years to life.
Another new provision covers people who suffer from discrimination okay like so you know okay uh uh like like you know by association can also take a case even if I mean okay uh so um like I mean well well okay they do not fall into one of the nine specific groups which are covered under the legislation.
Its definition varies among the various jurisdictions limiting or I mean okay well I mean uh so um well well uh prohibiting assault weapon manufacture, importation, sale, or possession, and legislative attempts are often made to change the definitions.
After the war he became an advocate in Johannesburg, from 1902; he was made King's Counsel in 1910.
He is quick to anger at the perception uh I mean okay like I mean so well you know well I mean of injustice, for example, when Prime Minister Harriet Jones destroys well you know so you know I mean uh okay you know you know uh the retreating Sycorax ship against his wishes, he ruins her political career in retribution.
The Broken Condom', in which Superman quickly breaks up so um you know like um uh like so uh well with Lois Lane after his X-ray vision reveals that she's okay I mean uh well you know well okay you know you know um pregnant. Though in Superman Returns, the fifth movie in the um well you know I mean okay okay well you know you know okay franchise, Lois has a son, who is implied in the movie is Superman's son.
Grant was the commanding general during the Civil War, had uh you know um uh okay so okay uh you know I mean served two terms as president from 1869 to 1877, and was seeking an unprecedented third term in the office.
Historically, however, the WDGY callsign was used for I mean you know well so like like uh so okay well another well - known station in the area from so uh okay I mean I mean like you know well you know well 1925 until 1991, today known as KFAN (see that article for more information).
In 1989, psychiatry professor John Olney reported ketamine caused irreversible well I mean like you know okay I mean you know well uh like changes in two small areas of the rat brain, well uh um I mean so well uh you know okay I mean which, however, has significant differences in metabolism from the human brain, so may not occur in humans.
For example, cooked spinach has a 5 % bioavailability well uh um uh like well like I mean well so of phylloquinone, however, fat added to it increases bioavailability to okay um uh uh so like I mean well so like 13 % due to the increased solubility of vitamin K in fat.
It begins by specifying which animals are forbidden and which you know you know you know okay so like I mean well so okay are permissible to consume. This are verse 1 and verse 3.
The Car Park Lake has been described as one uh I mean well okay so I mean I mean uh uh uh of the most famous carp lakes in the country, whilst like like um you know well like well uh so okay the Sandhurst lake won the 'Best day ticket lake in Britain' award.
His work has been shown in many okay you know you know uh okay okay okay okay okay okay Los Angeles galleries and has been collected by among others Kevin um so well um you know so well okay well you know Spacey and is related to J. B. Priestley author of the play 'An Inspector Calls'.
The black drum ( 'Pogonias cromis' ), also known as okay okay well well okay you know okay like so I mean 'Blue Drum' for its dark and hint of um um so like okay you know I mean well well so blue color, is a saltwater fish similar to its cousin, the red drum.
There have been six murders, seven ongoing investigations of murders, I mean well okay I mean so I mean well I mean like I mean and three missing person reports in the state since 2011 that I mean you know well well uh okay um uh okay I mean were confirmed to be in retaliation of the victim's journalism career.
He is a close friend of the poet Linda Gregg so you know um you know I mean uh I mean so like okay to whom he was married for six years, and was um well um I mean uh I mean well um so you know also married to Michiko Nogami (a language instructor based like you know okay so uh like okay you know so okay in San Francisco, now deceased, about whom he has written many of his poems).
Billy was born with the heart condition tetralogy like okay you know so like you know um like like okay of Fallot (TOF), that will require him to undergo I mean um okay uh well I mean I mean um well I mean at least three open heart surgeries in his okay you know uh um um um I mean so okay um life, one of which was done when he was three days old.
Additionally, the translation of the word slave is 'sklavos' and um okay um well well uh okay you know you know so not 'doulos' which also shows that Greeks distinguish 'doulos' from slave.
Jacques Mesrine (; 28 December 1936 -- 2 November 1979 uh uh okay okay like uh um uh I mean uh ) was a French criminal responsible for numerous murders, bank robberies, burglaries, and kidnappings in France and Canada.
It was the Australian, Peter Norman, who suggested Carlos wear well well uh okay like I mean so like so I mean Smith's left - handed glove, this being the uh like I mean okay you know like like you know okay so reason behind him raising his left hand, as opposed to his right, differing from the traditional Black Power salute.
In Edmonton, it is briefly concurrent with freeway sections of uh like uh um like uh you know like you know you know Highways 216 and 16 before bisecting the city of St you know I mean I mean okay like you know uh well so I mean. Albert and reverting to two lanes en route to Athabasca.
Boško Radišić (December 18, 1980 - June 2, 2009) well well I mean okay you know you know well um you know I mean was the principal figure of the Serbian thrash metal scene, well like uh I mean like I mean like I mean uh well mostly known as the front man and vocalist in the Serbian thrash metal band Space Eater.
Members achieve bronze, silver, gold and platinum Body like I mean uh um uh um so well I mean so Magic awards -- platinum is achieved when members are routinely exercising five times a week for thirty minutes at a time.
Driving without due care and attention or careless driving okay you know I mean um um like well I mean like okay is a legal term for a particular type of moving traffic violation in the United States and the United Kingdom.
Pattaya developed into a popular beach resort; now greatly expanded, it attracts over 4 million visitors a year.
This concept was redesigned in the 1990s by Swiss like um so okay well you know you know I mean like um entrepreneur Denis Naville, who focused on improving comfort, design, okay so okay okay well you know well so um okay performance, and later on a bunch of fitness programs were created as Kangoo Jumps Fitness Programs.
The town is the capital of the department, its inhabitants are known in French as 'Vésuliens'.
The Weston Boys Ski Team has won the 'Class like okay you know like okay okay um uh um uh S State Championship' for the past 8 years, recently in I mean I mean uh you know you know I mean you know um uh um the past two years the team has won the 'State Open Championship'.
Two of the more famous converts included by Khulusi were: like I mean like so okay well so you know well like the Irish peer Rowland George Allanson - Winn, 5th Baron um well well um like you know so you know uh okay Headley (1855 -- 1935), who was also known by the adopted Muslim name Shaikh Rahmatullah al - Farooq.
In Essex, Canvey Island was inundated with the loss of well I mean um um okay like I mean I mean I mean like 58 lives and another 37 died when the seafront village of Jaywick near Clacton was flooded.
Founded by its former President, Jeff Jarrett, and former well you know I mean so okay like uh um um well CEO, Jerry Jarrett in 2002, The second largest promotion in the United States after WWE.
The German tank guns had neither the range nor like like um so um so I mean well um uh the power of the 76 mm main gun like like well so you know you know well like um so of a KV - 1, and the narrower track width I mean um like um okay I mean so so I mean um of the German tanks caused them to become trapped in the swampy ground.
As a biologic, etanercept is subject to different well I mean I mean I mean okay um uh uh okay um laws than chemical formulations, and currently the United States does not permit the manufacture of generic biologics.
The diet aims to reproduce some of the metabolic um you know I mean you know you know uh so you know like you know changes seen during fasting, which had been shown to be effective in treating epilepsy but obviously not sustainable.
Svetozar Boroević (or Borojević) von Bojna (December 13, 1856 -- May um okay like okay like you know you know well well well 23, 1920) was an Austro - Hungarian field marshal who like you know um I mean like so so well I mean uh was described as one of the finest defensive strategists of the First World War.
Many projects of varying sizes reach undesirable end okay uh well well well I mean so okay like uh results, such as structural collapse, cost overruns, and / um I mean so um well um so so I mean okay or litigation reason, those with experience in the field I mean you know like I mean well um well uh okay you know make detailed plans and maintain careful oversight during the project to ensure a positive outcome.
In 1971, Company A (Niagara Falls) and Company B (Long um you know like like well so um well okay you know Island NY) received and OH - 6 Cayuse, as well as the UH - 1 Iroquois.
Warren Herbert Chaney (born November 3, 1942), is an American like um like I mean like okay okay I mean uh you know author, filmmaker, business executive and a pioneer in early television.
The coronation of Stanisław Leszczyński was completed like like so so you know okay you know well like okay in early October and peace between Poland and Sweden could uh so you know uh like okay like uh so uh be established in November 1705, which allowed the Swedish um I mean well you know well uh so like uh like king to focus his attention on the Russian threat near Grodno.
Also understanding the dangerous nature of their employer, he well uh well you know I mean well okay I mean you know okay keeps his witnessing of Brom Garret's murder to himself lest well um um uh so um I mean okay well you know he meet a similarly unfortunate accident; in return for his um uh I mean okay uh so so well you know uh silence Dan Dority does not make known to Swearengen Ellsworth's status as a witness.
This note will appear beneath the article's entry on the nominations page and near the top of the article talk page.
He received his Master of Electrical Engineering degree at Chalmers I mean I mean so like you know like okay well I mean like Institute of Technology in Gothenburg in 1962 and a Ph. D you know like um I mean well well I mean okay okay like. At the Royal Institute of Technology in Stockholm in okay well like so uh you know you know okay like so 1985 on a thesis on Language Constructs for Large Real Time Systems.
Capture molecules used are most commonly antibodies; however, well well okay well um uh okay like uh uh more recently there has been a push like um uh okay I mean like uh okay so okay towards other types of capture molecules which are more similar in their nature such as peptides or aptamers.
The University of Oklahoma men's basketball team has had 42 players okay uh well I mean so well so well I mean I mean drafted in the National Basketball Association (NBA) while the uh I mean so uh you know uh uh uh um like women's basketball team had nine players drafted in the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA).
Nina died in 1938, aged 75 in London and was buried on 27 June 1938 at Glamis Castle.
During the overnight fast the body naturally switches into okay you know so you know I mean uh uh so you know um ketosis (assuming no midnight snacking), and will switch back to glycolysis after a carbohydrate - rich meal.
It was written by Farhat Ishtiaq based on her novel you know okay okay um well uh I mean uh um uh of the same name and it is directed by Haseeb Hassan.
They conduct an initial investigation, and conclude they should get involved, explaining you know so so I mean well I mean um okay I mean I mean to the Perron family that the house may require an exorcism.
It entered the 'Scottish corridor' opened beforehand by the I mean uh um well I mean okay uh uh you know I mean 15th (Scottish) Division, and despite navigation mistakes which slowed down um so like well so so um you know uh well the 159th Infantry brigade in Mouen, it managed to seize the bridges at Grainville and Colleville.
In 1983, Ron resurfaced with Jan Pulsford and I mean I mean you know you know uh okay you know you know uh like Phil Wigger as the writers of the UK's Eurovision entry, 'I'm well well so um like like okay like I mean I mean Never Giving it Up' by Sweet Dreams, which came in sixth in the song contest.
Following his Quetta visit and his near - year well okay like uh uh like you know you know uh uh - long stay in Pakistan, he underwent secondary uh like like um uh uh uh um you know you know questioning, but both times he said he was visiting family members and was cleared by immigration officials.
He is best known for his mixtape 'Evening Out With uh okay like so uh uh so I mean uh I mean Your Girlfriend' which includes features Matt and Kim, Will. I. Am, Ayọ, and The Arctic Monkeys.
Under Rothschild's tenure, the Yankees pitching staff has posted a well okay uh well uh well okay okay so I mean 3. 73 ERA in 2011, a 3. 84 ERA in like um um uh uh so well so uh I mean 2012, a 3. 94 ERA in 2013, a 3. 75 ERA in 2014, and a 4. 05 in 2015.
In the present, Louise then recites the same words um I mean I mean okay I mean so um like I mean uh into the phone, which convinces Shang to call off his attack, and so the other nations resume contact.
After the revelation, Mother Love would counsel I mean so so you know you know uh well you know like like the two sides; if the guest had received an 'empty door,' okay you know so okay well uh um so well uh a taped response from the second person was aired, in which the person explained why he would not come to the door.
Courtesy of Nazi science, the character has superhuman strength; endurance you know like you know like okay I mean like uh okay uh and durability, and is trained in the arts of warfare.
Also, an active fetus, one that frequently repositions itself in the uterus okay I mean well like well um so okay well well can cause entanglement with the cord. A hyperactive fetus well okay you know I mean well uh you know you know uh I mean should be evaluated with ultrasound to rule out cord entanglement.
In 1929 Los Lobos and dancer Harry Fleming travelled to Europe, uh so okay you know so um uh um um so and after the tour, Alemán stayed in Madrid to play as a soloist.
The JOMA Project (Jovens Para Mudança e Acção or Youth uh I mean I mean well I mean um okay so uh um for Change and Action) is aimed at reducing HIV transmission so uh you know well I mean like I mean well so so among Mozambican youth, the project promotes positive behavior change like so you know I mean like I mean uh so so uh in young men by developing their ability to identify cultural norms and critique unhealthy gender stereotypes.
The 1960s were a mixed time for Napoli, they like so well so you know um so so I mean um were relegated in 1961, but finished runners - up in Serie B the following season, regaining promotion.
In order to revive the population and defeat Peyote, Santos I mean okay so um um um okay well you know like and Cabo Valdivia use their DNA to start the infection and save the world.
Eglė Janulevičiūtė (born in Kaunas) is a Lithuanian classical pianist trained at the Lithuanian Academy of Music.
Unlike other large cities, Washington's downtown has a very low so well like you know um I mean okay you know like so skyline; with the advent of the skyscraper, residents were concerned you know I mean I mean well I mean uh uh you know okay like that the city's European feel might be dwarfed in high - rise buildings.
On August 20, 2015, he signed with the so well well uh like so like um like like Pelicans, but was later waived by the team on October 24 after appearing in seven preseason games.
Tsumugi is a schoolmate that is rumored to have been so uh you know uh well you know like you know you know uh with the school before it was built that her peers call her 'baba - sama' (elderly woman).
When he was young, he participated in tennis tournaments in Guatemala City, and joined the CSD Municipal's lower divisions football team.
According to the Sunni scholar Ibn Asakir in the 12th century, well um so okay well so okay like like like there were opportunities for female education in the medieval Islamic uh uh like well I mean okay I mean okay you know okay world, writing that women could study, earn 'ijazahs' (academic degrees), and qualify as scholars and teachers.
In 1864 Rice settled in Little Rock, Arkansas and resumned his okay uh you know I mean like well uh you know well so practice; he was active in organizing the Republican Party in you know you know well well you know I mean you know like uh okay the state, and was appointed the chair of a committee which in 1868 prepared the state's code of practice.
The season aired during the season three mid-season break of 'Agents uh I mean uh uh okay well uh um you know like of S. H. I. E. L. D.' to low ratings but positive reviews.
He combined a property development business with a role as well you know you know you know okay I mean uh you know uh um a commentator on motor sport, first at SBS TV then I mean uh you know um like okay so so like okay on the Nine Network with Darrell Eastlake, then moving with the so I mean well um like uh so uh so um TV coverage of the motorcycle Grand Prix series to Network Ten.
With communications out, and no way to reach the Moon well uh uh okay okay I mean uh you know like okay without T - mat, those responsible for the system turn to Professor okay um uh you know uh like you know I mean well um Daniel Eldred, who has been privately building a rocket in hopes of reigniting interest in space travel.
Stevens was Senate President four four terms, so okay uh like you know well you know like well so from 2009 to 2012 and led a bipartisan coalition of 10 Democrats and 6 Republicans.
In January 1914, the French Army had 47 divisions, composed of 777, 000 I mean well okay okay so you know um so so so French troops and 47, 000 colonial troops, organized into 21 regional corps, along with attached cavalry and field artillery.
One is in Delray Beach, Florida, United States, and um well like okay well so so you know so so is a part of Palm Beach County School District, I mean I mean I mean so like like well I mean I mean like and the other is in Coconut Grove, Florida, well you know well well um okay I mean um well okay United States, and is a part of Miami - Dade County Public Schools.
In Taiwan, bachelor degrees are about four years (with okay so you know well um uh like you know like like honors) and there is an entrance examination required for people who want to study in Master and PhD degrees.
United States Naval Institute v. Charter Communications, Inc. , well um well like uh okay um I mean like I mean 936 F. 2d 692 (Second Cir. 1991), a so like well um like okay so like you know uh contract case discussing the impropriety of punitive damages and favoring the theory of efficient breach.
Clouds of laughing gas will turn Mudokons 'wired' (lime), well I mean uh I mean um okay I mean uh uh well causing them to continue running in Abe's direction and they you know well like well like uh you know you know well you know will only calm down when slapped but the slap will have no effect if done within the gas cloud.
Odin then reveals himself to be the last so you know okay um uh well um you know okay well of the race of creatures responsible for creating the I mean so you know okay well um like you know uh well fountain, and mocks Julie and Tyler for helping him get this far.
Power came from 1. 6 - litre carburetor and 1. 8 I mean so well I mean I mean um um I mean uh uh - litre and 2. 0 - litre injection gasoline you know so I mean well okay I mean like um okay so engines; a 2. 0 - litre diesel followed from well so like uh you know like um well I mean like 1992 onwards, a 1. 6 - litre injection gasoline was introduced at the end of 1993.
'I Lost My Heart to a Starship Trooper', sometimes uh um like uh um well so like okay uh cited as '(I Lost My Heart you know so I mean okay well like um like I mean so to a) Starship Trooper', is the first single so well so like uh um I mean like like um by Hot Gossip, notable as the debut of the then teenage Sarah Brightman as a singer.
On 18 July, Hogg's naked body was found discarded in well um I mean okay you know so uh well um so a ditch close to the Leicestershire village of Twycross: a you know I mean so so I mean uh um well well I mean distance of from where she had been abducted, and just um uh I mean well so you know uh well well uh 24 miles from where Susan's body had been found the previous year.
In May 2014 Flowers became goalkeeping coach of championship I mean well well okay uh like uh uh well like club Nottingham Forest he was hired as part of Stuart Pearce's backroom staff.
FBLA's national charity partner is the March of uh like well uh like I mean um okay um uh Dimes, and the March of Dimes provides grants of $ um like um okay you know uh I mean well okay like 1, 000 for local chapters and $ 2, 500 for state chapters to promote their goals.
It broadcasts on AM frequency 1600 kHz and is under so um so okay okay like well uh like so ownership of Multicultural Broadcasting with studios in Surrey, British Columbia.
In 1943 he and five other prisoners were convicted of well uh like you know um I mean um like uh okay 'anti-Japanese activities' after a clandestine radio was found in I mean okay so so so okay uh well like um the camp, and was transferred to Outram Road Prison in Singapore for the remainder of the war.
The only secondary school in the town, Frodsham School, so uh okay so I mean so like uh uh um a science and technology college, has now closed and is so I mean well you know so like well so well so due to be converted into a health clinic and leisure centre.
She survived the war and continued in service with the Navy, finally being scrapped at Inverkeithing on 14 September 1962.
Chaldean Christians ( Neo-Aramaic: ܟܲܠܕܵܝܹܐ 'Keldayee', Arabic: الكلدانيون ) are ethnic uh you know you know uh uh well like like uh okay Assyrian adherents of the Chaldean Catholic Church, most of well like um okay uh well um like like I mean whom converted to catholicism from the Church of the East in the 17th and 18th centuries.
Cornelius Vanderbilt II (November 27 1843 - September 12 1899) like okay you know so well so you know uh so you know was the favorite grandson of Cornelius Vanderbilt, who left him I mean well like you know okay like like I mean um uh $ 5 million, and the eldest son of William Henry Vanderbilt, who left him close to $ 70 million.
Ekman then focused on developing techniques for measuring facial muscular movements well uh like um you know okay okay well uh okay that created facial expressions while also developing theories about emotion and deception through empirical research.
French reviews of the offensive, found that reserves had moved close so so I mean uh uh um so so like okay to the front, ready to exploit a breakthrough and had advanced on like uh um I mean so um like uh uh you know time, then bunched up with the leading divisions, blocked the lines of communication and suffered many casualties while held up.
After the construction of the Dan Ryan Expressway in the I mean I mean like you know well uh okay um uh um 1960s, nearby parks, Hardin Square and Stanford Park, so okay uh you know I mean you know so like I mean so were demolished, residents of Chinatown waited about thirty years for a replacement.
'Wilson should extend his stint on The Voice to renew public um uh I mean I mean you know okay okay um well well interest in the band; given that they're pulling out all the well like like uh well like um I mean um I mean stops, they deserve all the acclaim that surrounded them for their first two albums.
On Atlantis, the city shield is retracted to the central okay like well okay okay so you know I mean well you know tower and a team led by Zelenka works to uh uh I mean so you know uh like I mean well well repair the hyperdrive conduits to make them functional before the you know like um okay so I mean okay so I mean you know city's power levels fall below the minimum level required to start the hyperdrive engines.
The goal of creative financing is generally to purchase, um you know okay you know so you know like well I mean so or finance a property, with the buyer / so I mean like like so you know um well like um investor using as little of his own money as possible, like like um like okay okay you know okay well well otherwise known as leveraging, OPM ( Other People's Money ).
Through 2010 and 12 games Gurley's career statistics at um okay okay like I mean so um uh um uh South Carolina are as follows: 824 receiving yards (6 touchdowns, 70 okay you know so okay well uh I mean so so I mean receptions) Gurley's last season for the Gamecocks he set okay uh like uh so okay like you know so well a school record for 0 dropped passes during the 2010 season.
Andrew Brunson is an American evangelical pastor of the Izmir uh okay uh okay uh okay um well so you know Resurrection Church who was imprisoned on 7 October 2016, so I mean uh uh okay so okay like you know I mean where he stands accused of being a member of I mean um so um like like well I mean so um the Gülen movement, which the Turkish government considers to be a terrorist organization.
In 2011 the port had an overall traffic of 88 uh I mean like um you know okay okay so I mean um million tons, it is located in two main sites, in you know I mean well okay I mean I mean I mean well like well northern Marseille from La Joliette to l'Estaque and I mean so you know um like you know okay uh okay um in Fos - sur - Mer, about 50 km (31 mi) north west of Marseille.
Previously, the airport was served by American Airlines which offered direct you know so uh well um uh I mean like well well flights from the United States however these flights have since ceased.
Terminators are able to carry a variety of weapons into well uh like okay well so so well um uh combat, although the most popular choice is a storm like uh you know you know you know like so I mean you know well bolter and a powerfist (the latter also being known as a power glove).
He lived with his single mother in 1979, dropped out of Frank so uh uh so uh okay um well so um Lucas High School over his inability to dissect a frog, okay like uh you know okay you know okay I mean so okay and was discovered after doing stand - up at the Apollo in 1984.
Roy Leslie McFarland (born 5 April 1948) is an so okay so I mean you know um I mean well like you know English football manager who was also a player, notably well like like like so uh you know I mean so like at Derby County where he played 442 league games helping him to earn 28 caps for England.
Sigiriya (Lion Rock, , pronounced see - gee - well um um I mean I mean um well you know uh um REE - yah) is located in the central Matale uh I mean uh so well I mean I mean well I mean I mean District of the Central Province, Sri Lanka in an um um um um well you know I mean um so well area dominated by a massive column of rock nearly 200 meters high.
They are found mainly in the northern Indian states like like so uh like uh I mean like so okay of Bihar and Uttar Pradesh, where their traditional occupation was that of rearing pigs.
Within a year of Callaghan taking office, the narrow you know so um so okay uh okay so well okay Labour majority was eliminated due to by - election defeats like you know okay um like like um uh like um and in order to remain in power, Labour formed the so you know you know you know well you know uh well well you know Lib - Lab pact in March 1977 and this remained in force for 16 months.
In 2010 she was appointed also as the Director of the 'Institute of well um you know you know you know uh like so like like Western Cultures', and since 2012 she serves as director of the 'European Forum'.
Herman is a farming district in L'Anse Township, Baraga County, Michigan that was established in 1901 by Herman Keranen.
Following release of the petition, he was able to escape from uh you know um okay I mean like I mean uh so like Iran to the United States, where he currently travels so like uh well you know okay well I mean like uh across the country, speaking in support of freedom and non-violent democratic reform in Iran.
He is an international speaker and writer, 24 of his books have been published.
The seat and the position were eventually filled well uh I mean so I mean um well well uh so on August 19, 2013 after the House began its second uh uh so you know okay okay I mean you know okay I mean ordinary session: so - and - so replaced Ferrer for I mean um uh like you know so um so well you know representative at - large for the Popular Democratic Party while Carlos Bianchi Angleró was elected as Majority Whip.
T_Visionarium is an art installation by Neil Brown, Dennis I mean uh I mean uh like so you know so you know uh Del Favero, Matthew McGinityand Jeffrey Shaw and Peter Weibel developed I mean well I mean like so I mean like uh um you know through the iCinema Centre for Interactive Cinema Research at like uh um so okay so you know I mean um you know The University of New South Wales in co-operation with ZKM Center for Art and Media, Karlsruhe.
Tigrinya should not be confused with the related you know like um I mean like so so okay like like Tigre language, which is spoken in the lowland you know I mean well okay you know I mean you know uh I mean uh regions of Eritrea, to the north and west of the Tigrinya speech area.
His father did well for himself and later sent Iosif so you know so you know well I mean you know like um you know to Europe, where he studied briefly at the Sorbonne.
Small island between Japan and Korea, which is currently occupied by Korean navy.
In 1960 it was consolidated with the Erie um well um so so um so you know I mean um Railroad to become the Erie Lackawanna Railway; it operated from 1960 to 1976, when it was absorbed by Conrail.
Dany Sabourin ( born September 2, 1980 in so okay um uh so um so so well uh Val d'Or, Quebec ) is a Canadian professional uh well okay like I mean uh I mean I mean well so ice hockey goalie who plays in the National Hockey League for the Vancouver Canucks.
The 2006 Tri-nations tournament is currently being held in uh I mean so you know like I mean uh um uh uh Australia and New Zealand, and the United Kingdom will host the next tournament in 2009.
The number must be unique and may not well like you know so so well okay um so you know contain any information about the person to whom it is like like you know well so uh like so okay so assigned i. E. No information such as e. G okay so so I mean you know I mean like like um so. Gender or date of birth can be derived from a BSN.
This began a pattern of speculative ventures that okay like um like okay well um uh um uh he ran alongside regular employment, which he later described as 'drifting into theatrical work'.
The family derived its name from the settlement Eszterháza well I mean okay like uh like like like so you know near Dunajská Streda in today's southwestern Slovakia (the settlement so uh like you know okay you know um you know so well does not exist anymore and is not to be confused with you know like like I mean um well I mean okay you know so the later castle of the same name), which they inhabited since the Middle Ages.
Dobbs (Skeet Ulrich) begins to have second thoughts about the uh uh well uh well I mean you know so well I mean operation and agrees with Ty to get the fuse Mike okay uh well well okay like you know okay I mean well removed from the engine but is caught trying to put it back and Palmer stabs him to death.
Its repertoire, sung in four - part harmony, encompasses um you know okay like uh like so I mean you know okay a wide range of secular Jewish music, classical works I mean so I mean so okay uh um well like like on Jewish themes and songs of many countries okay I mean you know well okay you know well well I mean okay but specializes in Yiddish folk songs and songs of a working class character.
However, she was faced with a larger obstacle, during her um okay I mean you know well so um you know okay I mean 11th grade, her father was diagnosed with lung cancer, though he later recovered after treatment.
Phoebe and Piper are lured to the dark side (much to I mean um you know so well you know okay so uh like the worry of Leo) and relish in their new evil well like well um okay uh uh okay you know uh powers when a shape - shifting warlock and demonic so uh I mean I mean um well so okay okay uh priestess trick Prue into a shotgun wedding in an effort to steal the Book of Shadows.
The Kingdom of Italy on 8 September 1943 signed a truce you know I mean I mean well so uh I mean okay um uh with the Allies and Wehrmacht and Waffen - SS um I mean so like well uh um so well uh disarmed Italian troops unless they were fighting for the German cause.
In 1984, he graduated Medical School with a Doctor um I mean uh so um um okay well well well of Medicine degree, but his deteriorating eyesight forced him to abandon his dreams of becoming an astronaut.
The season champions are declared and awarding ceremonies set on October 22, 2011 at Garage88.
She attempts to when Dylan proposes to Haley (Sarah Hyland) uh well um okay so I mean I mean uh um I mean around the campfire one night, which causes Claire (Julie well um uh okay okay well well so well okay Bowen) to instantly say no for Haley, leading to Dylan running away.
Viv's parents are Mo Porter (Laila Morse) and Stuart Mullins, a uh I mean you know well uh well well so okay well one - night stand; she is brought up by uh so okay I mean I mean um you know you know you know well Mo and stepfather Jimmy Harris (Alex King), with little contact with her father.
Etobicoke was a former federal electoral district represented in um like uh so uh um I mean like well well the Canadian House of Commons, and located in the province of Ontario.
Getty wrote that Bülow showed 'remarkable forbearance and good nature' uh I mean well I mean um so uh okay I mean okay as his occasional whipping boy, and Bülow remained with Getty until 1968.
The Allied victory turned the tide in the North African like well um I mean like well so uh um so Campaign and ended Axis hopes of occupying Egypt, I mean um okay so you know um uh you know well like taking control of the Suez Canal, and gaining access to the Middle Eastern and Persian oil fields.
The film starts in a room full of so you know uh you know um like well so okay uh bomb making material and newspaper articles about LTTE bombings like okay I mean uh well I mean so okay um I mean in Sri Lanka, the screen then cuts to a typical busy morning in Colombo.
He was born in Newport Street, Long Acre, Westminster, uh like like okay I mean like okay you know uh like the third son of John Horne, a poulterer in Newport Market, I mean um I mean you know um I mean uh okay okay um whose business the youth, when at Eton College, described to his friends as a 'turkey merchant'.
In 1924 he served as his father's construction well like uh like uh okay you know you know okay I mean manager for three simultaneous, difficult Los Angeles - um uh you know um uh okay I mean uh okay uh area projects for which he helped develop the distinctive concrete textile uh like well so like okay like uh okay like - blocks used on those structures: the Storer House, the Ennis House and the Freeman House.
It is located adjacent to the grounds of the okay okay I mean like okay I mean well okay well well Pro Football Hall of Fame and hosts um um um you know okay um so uh well um the annual Pro Football Hall of Fame Game, along with various high school and college football games.
After this, Williams' version released another two albums of original material so uh you know so um you know I mean like um I mean and he went on to pursue other projects before committing suicide on April 1, 1998.
Construction began on widening the highway in April I mean uh so well okay um well so okay like 2008, and in March 2009, two lanes of a new realigned segment of SR 76 opened east of I - 15.
Zion's Hill, also known by its former name Hell's like well okay like um okay like um like okay Gate, is the first town one reaches I mean uh uh um like you know you know um well okay on the Caribbean island of Saba after leaving the Juancho well so like you know well well okay I mean okay uh E. Yrausquin Airport, the smallest commercial airport in the world.
Oxford University then made 319 all out in their you know uh like I mean I mean you know um so okay uh second - innings, setting the Minor Counties a target well um so you know uh okay I mean you know well okay of 362, the Minor Counties could only manage to like like so um um okay um so I mean um make 131 all out, with Maxwell ending the innings not out on a single run.
However, it was not until November 2, 1988 that an okay you know I mean so like I mean uh so uh like actual NWA - affiliated promotion called World Championship Wrestling so well um I mean okay so so well um um appeared on the national scene, under the ownership of media mogul Ted Turner, based in Atlanta, Georgia.
It was founded in 1999 by Anshu Gupta, who uh okay like like um uh well like uh um left his a corporate job to start the organisation in Sarita Vihar, New Delhi.
But two jurors said as late as 2005 that they well uh okay like uh okay you know I mean well like believed the defense's case, and that the prosecution had not um like you know well I mean so okay well okay okay proven that Till had died, nor that it was his body that was removed from the river.
His father, Khan Bahadur Sirajul Islam, was a sub-judge uh like I mean so so okay uh like you know so in British India. Because of his father's job Islam spent his early school years in Calcutta.
The World Junior Hockey Championship is played every year from so so so I mean well you know uh um okay well December 26 to January 5, and is a major event on the sporting calendar for many Canadians.
The gestation period for this species of hedgehog ranges um um I mean uh you know okay um um well like from 30 to 40 days and the litter size well you know um you know like you know like like well like can vary between 3 to 10 hoglets, and this species often produces two litters in a season.
Montreal later introduced the Montreal Metro in 1966, and I mean I mean so okay okay um I mean well um you know the the Vancouver SkyTrain -- an intermediate - rail, automated like okay uh well like um well um well you know guided line -- was opened in January 1986 for the Expo 86 world fair.
It was also the second single from that album, released so uh okay uh um I mean okay like well um in June 2001 (see 2001 in music), with a completely um I mean you know like like you know uh you know you know well new version called the 'Soulchild Remix', produced by UK music producer Damien Mendis.
Roland Meinl Percussion is a leading manufacturer of cymbals and other percussion instruments, based in Gutenstetten, Germany.
Many scholars believe that the 'Tanya Rabbati' is an abbreviated like uh like well okay um okay okay you know I mean version of 'Shibbolei ha - Leket': the two works are well I mean I mean uh uh like uh um like so similair in content; further, Zedekiah ben Abraham Anav and Jehiel ben Jekutheil Anav were in fact related.
Robert Browne was born on at Rath Luirc (Charleville), County Cork, the third son of Robert Browne and Margaret Mullins.
Taylor was born in 1918 in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, the uh so um uh I mean um okay well well you know grandson of former slaves, and grew up in the segregated South of the early 20th century.
On 30 April 2014 it was reported that 20 COPE okay um you know well you know like I mean I mean like okay MPs had defected to other parties due to well I mean um um you know so you know you know well uh internal conflict, including the only COPE member in the KwaZulu like like well um okay um like okay so well - Natal Legislature Lucky Gabela who had returned to the ANC.
Founded in 1989 as a side project by Jello I mean like okay uh you know so you know you know um like Biafra, Alain Jourgensen, Paul Barker, and the late Jeff okay well uh um well you know okay um like uh Ward, the band has also included Ministry members Bill Rieflin, Mike Scaccia, and Rey Washam.
All these in the midst of virgin forest, with a river at the foot of the falls.
In light of obvious evidence that the Soviets had been preparing I mean I mean uh uh uh like you know well so uh defenses for the attack, the operation would clearly greatly weaken the panzer forces that Guderian had been trying to rebuild.
Next door in St. Patrick's Church, Ringsend, is a like like you know I mean like you know um like well so statue of Our Lady, overlooking the canal, donated by I mean uh okay like you know I mean so well well like Patrick and Martins 'younger brother, Thomas Whelan, uh okay so like like I mean like um uh okay who founded the Ringsend branch of the Catholic Young Men's Society (CYMS).
He obtained his primary schooling in South America and moved to the United States in 1987.
Project Nicaragua at OSU is involved in the medical so you know uh like I mean I mean so so uh like aspects of Nicaraguan healthcare and in the social and economic um like so like uh I mean uh like you know you know factors contributing to health, working with community partners to address root causes of health disparity in Nicaragua.
Distinguished from other species by an interbrachial septum lacking a foramen, like so okay uh you know like so well uh uh 'T. Maculatus' often has no (rarely one) ray (s) in its pectoral fin.
The story starts in medias res, as Van Helsing is like okay okay I mean you know like uh like like um jumping into action through a window, showing a woman is um like okay okay you know so so I mean I mean okay floating in the air, reminding him that he hadn't slept in 52 hours.
After the Fall of the Commonwealth The Andromeda Ascendant uh you know I mean you know like like you know I mean okay so was the only known surviving XMC cruiser though a like uh uh you know um so I mean so you know well large number of other ships were eventually recovered from a POW camp in the second season.
This marked the beginning of the Andalusian school's you know I mean I mean like so you know you know I mean okay I mean revolt against Ptolemaic astronomy, sometimes called the 'Andalusian Revolt', um uh I mean so okay I mean I mean I mean well you know among the major figures of Andalusian astronomy was Jabir ibn Aflah he invented the Torquetum.
Knowing where to look for Squeak - squeak the Martian okay uh so okay I mean so um I mean um I mean allows Freddy to infiltrate that house in yet another disguise, however the Martian is securely locked away.
This is the primitive condition and occurs in arachnids such you know uh well I mean I mean uh um um I mean you know as the Scorpiones and the Opiliones, as well as um okay so like like okay um uh I mean so in in non-arachnid Chelicerata such as the Xiphosura and Eurypterida.
Phil Cookson is an English professional rugby league so so uh well uh I mean um uh well you know footballer who played in the 1960s, 1970s, and 1980s, like um well uh um um like okay okay like playing at representative level for England, and at club well um like I mean I mean I mean uh like uh like level for Leeds, as a, i. E. Number 11 or 12, during the era of contested scrums.
Carver Theatre is a building in Columbia, South Carolina that was uh I mean I mean okay you know I mean you know like um so listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
When a revolutionary tries to drum up support for the um uh well so so like uh so okay you know army approaching despite rain in the north, the um well okay um like like so you know uh well family longs to return to their farm, okay like um I mean like I mean well well well well but they have no money for an ox, seed, and food.
Since annexation most of the Girays has lived in Turkey; however, some of them has lived in other countries.
Dahlen received 10 of 16 votes, the highest total okay so like like like uh well like like you know of anyone not elected; no one else received more than three votes.
Tove Lind has appealed her sentence so she will be okay okay okay well okay okay um um you know I mean released later than Tim Vrågård even though the sentences might so so you know so like I mean like um uh you know not change as her sentence does not start until her appeal has been taken into consideration by the court.
The second ship is allowed to escape, unharmed, as the I mean so well well okay like you know you know okay I mean Blight assumes that it is no threat; but the second ship actually holds the Blight countermeasure.
Moreover, the knowledge that we have of the forms -- um uh so okay like um okay you know you know like when indeed we do have it -- is of a uh I mean I mean you know okay uh well so uh um higher order than knowledge of the mere physical world, and leads you know I mean well you know uh uh like like well you know in particular to a knowledge of the Form of the Good.
Ozato was a member of the Kōchikai faction um like you know I mean I mean um well well uh like of the Liberal Democratic Party, which later split so well so um like well I mean okay well like from Koichi Kato, the man he succeeded as director of the Management and Co-ordination Agency in 1997.
Far never married and died in Montreal and is interred in Mount Royal Cemetery.
At the end of three years of construction the new uh um well uh okay I mean uh you know um uh cathedral started its first divine service, with the consecration taking place on July 25, 1848.
Thondavada is a historical village in Chandragiri mandal so okay uh I mean well I mean like okay um like of Chittoor district, Indian state of Andhra Pradesh, at the headwaters of the Swarnamuki River.
Previous headmasters include Gill Singh, Joseph Njoroge and Joseph B I mean like so so um um so uh I mean so. Gachanja, the latter having retired in 2008 after achieving the um you know uh uh okay like uh okay okay um mandatory 55 years of age stipulated by the Teachers Service Commission of Kenya.
Later in life during the 1970s he taught Physical Education so uh I mean uh you know um you know you know I mean well at Forest Hill Boys Secondary School and took up okay like well I mean well I mean well like like okay a position of Assistant Racing Manager in the greyhound racing industry at Crayford Stadium.
Indologist udai narain roy well - known as dr uh I mean okay well you know well I mean well okay so. U. N. Roy, settled and spent his life like well I mean well like so okay so well um here carring out researches in ancient history. His historical work well well well well I mean well you know um so you know on salabhanjika titled salabhanjika (In Art, Philosophy and Literature) okay you know so um like so okay like uh well and Gupta Rajavamsa tatha usaka kala were published by Lokabharati Publications, Allahabad.
In Britain, home staging, sometimes referred to as property presentation you know you know well um you know well I mean uh uh so or property styling, the techniques have been televised by um um well I mean uh well so okay well like home stylist Ann Maurice in the television show House Doctor on Five.
Several buildings that were part of the former college campus uh like uh I mean you know well well so um uh are on the National Register of Historic Places and so so like like you know like well um so well are maintained by the Delaware County Historical Society as the Delaware County Historical Museum Complex.
The Chevrolet engines were built by Traco Engineering ( Jim um well uh okay so well like uh um you know Travers and Frank Coons, nicknamed 'The Whiz Kids' ), okay you know you know uh okay um well well um you know builders of the famous consecutive (1953 - 54) Indianapolis 500 - so well okay like I mean well um so like uh winning race cars driven by famed driver Bill Vukovich.
Myrtleford is a town in north - east Victoria, uh um you know uh I mean well you know so so well Australia, located approximately 45km south - east of Wangaratta and 275km north - east of Melbourne.
Hanuman Dada mandir is situated in Nayki uh like um uh um you know like you know um you know faliya. Worship doing by all vachhavad people for silence, health and development.
The band's studio album, 'Black Ice', released in 2008, I mean like so uh well uh I mean well you know um was the second - highest - selling album of that you know I mean like I mean um you know you know um okay you know year, and their biggest chart hit since 'For Those About to Rock', eventually reaching No. 1 on all charts worldwide.
Zhu De became the commander of the Eighth Route Army um well well uh uh I mean uh so like well active in Shanxi and was named the vice-commander of so I mean um like like okay you know you know okay okay the Second War Zone under Yan, and agents working I mean like um I mean uh so so well um you know under Zhou Enlai set up a headquarters in Taiyuan.
The FM broadcast band is also used by some okay um I mean okay okay like so I mean okay like inexpensive wireless microphones sold as toys for karaoke or similar purposes, allowing well uh like so you know you know uh you know okay I mean the user to use an FM radio as an output rather than a dedicated amplifier and speaker.
Aracaju is the capital of the State of Sergipe, Brazil, well you know I mean so so like like well you know um located in the northeastern part of the country, about 350 km (217 mi) north of Salvador.
He has done masterclasses on conservatoria across the globe, and I mean well okay like like like I mean so well you know is an in demand harmonica and piano teacher in I mean like uh like I mean you know like uh uh you know NYC. Yvonnick is currently working on his fourth album and lives in Manhattan, New York.
Gallagher moved to New York to study acting at I mean well so I mean uh so um uh so you know the Juilliard School under the tutelage of John Houseman, before I mean um like okay um so well so uh like relocating to Los Angeles, California to further pursue her I mean so uh um well so well well I mean um career; during this time she also took on a job taking care of stray cats.
The Dark Knight is an enclosed steel roller coaster that is currently operating at Six Flags Great Adventure.
A lawyer and historian, the Marquess de la um well you know okay uh well I mean well I mean you know Floresta was appointed as Spain's King of Arms like so okay you know you know okay um uh I mean uh by King Juan Carlos I; he also succeeded to the title of Duke of Ostuni (in the Two Sicilies).
On 27 January 2009 Styles took charge of so you know like well well okay like like I mean like this game, and with the scores 1 - well uh so you know you know uh okay like well um 0 he wrongly sent off Paul Robinson of WBA who later went on to lose the game.
The freshman, sophomore, and senior students who were enrolled in Pittsburgh so um uh well you know uh um um like well Schenley at the time of its closure will be allowed uh so well like uh like uh so well so to graduate as Schenley alumni until the last class graduates in June 2011, thereby ending 95 years of remarkable educational history.
Ercan Airport currently has a 2. 5 kilometre - long landing well you know okay like um well well I mean like like field and an apron with a capacity of seven aircraft, and, you know okay uh I mean so I mean I mean you know I mean I mean although the runway is long enough for large planes okay well so um well so like um um well to land, it lacks the length for take - offs.
The let - 7a microRNA normally represses the 'HMGA2' um I mean okay okay um um uh okay like uh gene, and in normal adult tissues, almost no HMGA2 protein is present.
He later makes a major appearance in 'Love Letters', where um uh you know uh like I mean you know like so you know he develops a crush on Garnet before he was turned okay you know like uh uh so uh okay um well down, and appears once again in 'Historical Friction,' where he so so so you know like so I mean well I mean well directs a play with Steven about the founding of Beach City.
While living in America, they were contacted by Ner Yisrael uh I mean uh I mean uh okay um um um okay Yeshivah in Baltimore which led to him and you know like I mean um well uh well I mean uh so his family being sent to Jerusalem where he learned for a number of years at Yeshivah Ohr Somayach.
The house was built in 1850 and added to the National Historic Register in 1985.
It replaces the standard programming library provided by the you know I mean you know I mean okay okay uh um you know uh operating system for malloc and other software with its own like I mean you know well so uh okay um like like versions which help the programmer detect buffer overflow and other critical programming issues.
Multitude, Multitudes In the Valley of Decision, which also happens to be a verse from The Bible.
Lila Kari (née Santean) is a Romanian and so I mean like um um like so you know so so Canadian computer scientist, a professor of computer science at the University I mean I mean well I mean um um okay I mean uh okay of Waterloo, Canada, where she moved after her well I mean okay I mean like well um so like like tenure at the University of Western Ontario (1993 - 2017).
Infoshop. Org is an anarchist website, founded in January 1995 as the Mid-Atlantic Infoshop by Chuck Munson.
Mercier started his playing career in the lower leagues of so so like so you know well well um um um Argentine football in 2000, he played for four I mean I mean so like so so you know you know well uh different clubs in the regionalised 3rd division, eventually helping Platense to win promotion to Primera B Nacional in 2006.
John von Neumann studied the properties of the group you know so well you know okay I mean okay so I mean well of equivalences that make a paradoxical decomposition possible, identifying the class of amenable groups, for which no paradoxical decompositions exist.
The body is elongated, spindle - shaped and tapered I mean um I mean well like okay you know you know like um at two ends; the body is also divisible into three parts: head, trunk and tail.
Lakewood / Fort McPherson is a station in the MARTA uh you know so I mean uh uh okay well okay uh rail system near Fort McPherson, which is slated to you know like so okay I mean uh um um you know um be closed by the BRAC, and former Lakewood Ampitheater, now called Hi - Fi Buys Amphitheater.
Leweck was close to retiring from football after being diagnosed um uh uh um uh I mean um okay well okay with a serious fault with a heart valve, which you know so so well well you know okay so I mean so cost him a chance to go on a trial with German Bundesliga club Borussia Mönchengladbach.
The bones represent the deceased one (difuntos or difuntas) well you know um uh like well like I mean so okay and there is normally a baked tear drop on like well well I mean well I mean you know uh okay I mean the bread to represent goddess Chimalma's tears for the living.
The 'Boiga siamensis naranjita' cat snake resembles the dog - toothed uh like um I mean like okay so like like so snake as does the Siamese cat snake but it occupies a different geographical range.
The engine is a 2 - 8 - 2 you know so you know like okay well like you know like I mean locomotive of the USRA standard Mikado type, inherited from Japan, and uh um I mean well um I mean I mean so uh like is coal - fired standard gauge locomotive was capable well um you know I mean okay well so well you know so of of tractive effort, running two cylinders under of boiler pressure.
Bordeaux mixture is a combination of copper sulfate and uh okay okay okay I mean uh so so well so hydrated lime, invented in the vineyards of the Bordeaux region of France and known locally as 'Bouillie Bordelaise'.
Will Kerr (born October 21, 1982) is an American mixed martial artist who currently fights in WEC's lightweight division.
A music video for their song 'The Big Picture' okay like you know you know I mean I mean I mean um uh like was made, but the only member of the band I mean well so okay um so well I mean um um featured was Amos since by then, unable to withstand pressure so okay so um okay like like um you know so from Atlantic Records she had jettisoned the entire band with the exception of Steve Caton.
They released the photo book Dream & Drive um so uh so so like well um well like made with their long time friend and photographer Kenneth you know like okay um um I mean I mean okay like so Capello, who has also directed some of their music videos, such as No Wow and Black Balloon.
Willie Thorne won his only major title beating Cliff Thorburn like I mean like so you know you know I mean so so you know 13 - 8 in which the final was now played in three sessions with the last one on Sunday afternoon.
The individual dressage competition in equestrian at the 2012 well so uh uh okay um like you know well okay Summer Olympics in London, United Kingdom will be okay so like uh you know okay like so um uh held at the Greenwich Park from 2 to 9 August.
Instead the British government mounted an expedition to free the captives, which um okay I mean like you know you know like so you know well resulted in the Battle of Magdala, during which Tewodros I mean well I mean okay you know well I mean um um you know committed suicide by shooting himself with a pistol previously given to him as a gift by Queen Victoria.
When Pakistan movement began for the independence of India, um uh um like okay well okay um okay uh the Indian National Congress was supported by many Muslim scholars, so you know um you know I mean okay like so you know I mean leaders and the learned who were devotees of Indian nationality and stood side by side with the Hindu leaders.
Indira Gandhi National Centre for the Arts, New Delhi uh uh you know well I mean uh okay um so I mean (IGNCA) (Devanagari: इन्दिरा गांधी राष्ट्रीय कला केन्द्र) is the well well um I mean like um okay so well um premier government funded arts organization in India, as an autonomous institution under the Union Ministry of Culture.
Col Hla Han is one of the successful LMP students to okay um uh you know like um I mean like you know okay earn an M. B. , B. S. Degree. Professor U I mean uh so um um I mean you know like like like Aung Nyunt of Mandalay was another LMP who passed the condensed course.
He would then establish himself as a regular within uh well so so okay uh so I mean uh well the squad and soon receive a call - up to well you know okay um okay okay okay I mean you know so the Chinese under - 20 team's squad in like okay um I mean I mean okay I mean you know uh so July 2008 and start to attract the interests of top tier Chinese sides.
Suetonius, The Twelve Caesars, Julius Caesar, 23, 24. 1 In Appian's I mean I mean like you know well okay okay so well uh account, too, 200 senators went to see Caesar, as did many incumbent officials, governors and commanders.
After retiring as a linebacker for Green Bay, Holland okay well like um uh like I mean you know um so moved on to an NFL coaching career, beginning his coaching career um I mean uh you know so like okay well okay like as a defensive quality control coach for the Green Bay Packers from 1995 - 97.
These converts to Catholicism fled the Spanish Inquisition and came okay okay okay so well you know you know well you know you know to live in the New World where they intermarried with I mean um you know okay you know um so so like you know the Native Americans and old Christians who populated the American Southwest.
Chris hosts a monthly food - based comedy show at um um uh um um well I mean well I mean you know Lowdown At the Albany entitled Chris Neill's Dirty I mean so um uh um well I mean well well like Kitchen, he also performs as a radio actor and as a voice - over artist.
Originally, Wegner Peak was part of a series of uh well well so okay so like uh well so horizontal layers, but the strata has been tilted associated with okay well um you know uh you know I mean you know you know okay the formation of Artillery Mountains, and millennia of erosion has created I mean I mean okay like well okay I mean like like like the distinctive hogback of resistant andesite, over sedimentary deposits and rhyolite beds.
She sneaks out without her family's knowledge and not only so I mean I mean so uh you know um well I mean so goes to the fair, but later on that night I mean okay um like um you know I mean well so so kisses and eventually makes love to Dennis, which we later learn, results in pregnancy.
The area of Hallville (Now known as Hallsville) was uh uh I mean uh okay like um um you know you know first settled when the train station was settled around um like like um you know so you know um well I mean and named after Tyler Whitford one mile west of the site of Fort Crawford by W. C. Crawford.
The festivals listed here have been created by popular culture to parody Christmas, and are not traditional celebrations.
Piero Barone was born on June 24, 1993, in you know like I mean I mean uh so I mean I mean like uh Agrigento (Sicily), while Ignazio Boschetto was born in Sicily on okay like uh well uh well uh you know I mean well October 4, 1994, but grew up in Bologna (northern Italy).
For example, the proverb' Heghlu'meH QaQ jajvam '(' It is a okay okay like uh okay well like well you know well good day to die ') is illustrated with you know I mean uh okay uh I mean um so like okay a story explaining that' This is an extremely common like you know so I mean okay you know well so you know you know Klingon locution, often uttered when the odds see to favor an opponent.
Luka Lalic (Serbian: Лука Лалић) born 20 May 1987 okay okay so you know uh I mean I mean like well uh used to be a professional footballer who's last club was FK Vozdovac in Serbian SuperLiga.
He received a Master of Arts degree from the you know I mean uh like well like like you know you know I mean University of Chicago in 1965 and has served as um um well um like well well okay I mean you know a teacher or writer in residence at many universities.
Elwood soon discovers, however, that the Pacific island on which well okay okay like you know I mean I mean well well you know David was born and holds a deed is now home to I mean um so okay well I mean uh um you know okay a strategic military base, and if David is declared an alien, the Navy could be forced to move.
From 2003 to 2013 the district included the so uh um you know okay I mean well you know I mean I mean heavily African - American part of Columbus, as well as most of its northern suburbs, including Westerville.
In response, a town meeting is held to decide a course like um I mean like uh so okay I mean you know I mean of action, where Marge proposes that Springfield host a film festival showcasing film's made by the townspeople.
ACDI / VOCA receives funding from various donors, including well so you know uh well so um uh okay well USAID, USDA, the World Bank, UNDP, the European Bank well like I mean like uh well um you know uh so for Reconstruction and Development, the Asian Development Bank and other development funders.
Shortly after claiming it they are caught by Emonzaemon who's out uh well like you know I mean I mean like like you know I mean to kill him, but he and Penguin escape leaving Oshidori to fight him.
Meanwhile, while discussing Walter's upcoming 51st birthday, Skyler suffers well um um like I mean so well okay uh I mean a nervous breakdown at the car wash in front you know I mean like uh uh I mean so uh well uh of Marie (Betsy Brandt), repeatedly telling Marie to 'shut up' until she was yelling at her.
Major Alexander Patrick Gregers Richard Windsor, Earl of Ulster (born well you know um you know I mean uh you know um so uh 24 October 1974 in London), is the only son I mean I mean uh okay I mean okay uh I mean so uh of Prince Richard, Duke of Gloucester, and Birgitte, Duchess of Gloucester.
The Carlton R. Sickles Memorial Sky Bridge is an you know well like like like you know well uh you know um elevated pedestrian walkway in North Bethesda, Maryland that connects I mean I mean uh you know like okay okay you know like I mean the Music Center at Strathmore and the Grosvenor - Strathmore Washington Metro station.
Edina Realty is owned by HomeServices of America, Inc I mean okay uh um like like uh well well uh. , a Berkshire Hathaway affiliate, and has 65 real estate okay uh like so okay you know so I mean well so offices and more than 2, 500 REALTORS ® throughout Minnesota, North Dakota and western Wisconsin.
A group of 'garimpeiros' (gold miners) killed approximately 16 Yanomami, okay I mean so I mean you know I mean okay I mean I mean like which in turn killed at least two 'garimpeiros' and wounded two more.
Thujone is most famous for being a compound in the spirit uh so like so well okay I mean okay you know uh absinthe, and some modern producers list their estimated thujone levels on the bottle.
He studied and visited R. Yitzchak Hutner as good so well um you know um you know uh well like okay friends in later life, and they always treated one another with special respect.
From the south, LA 574 - 4 begins at um uh so you know uh I mean I mean uh okay okay an intersection with LA 1 and ends at a dead end just to the north.
Samuel Richardson topped the clubs goal scoring, with seven goals, um like you know like so I mean uh I mean okay you know which highlighted the main factor between the relative success of 2008's campaign contrasted with the flat 2009 season.
These two units were later merged and reformed Livgrenadjärregementet in 1928, I mean like like okay I mean okay like okay well I mean and the regiment was given the designation I 4 (4th Infantry Regiment).
Indeed, emotion also consists of physiological components: ultimately there is a okay you know um so uh okay well well so I mean causative framework that takes place on a neuronal level.
He recruited his longtime friend and guitarist David Kennedy well uh like so I mean uh well uh um uh of Box Car Racer, as well as drummer Atom Willard you know uh you know uh okay I mean like you know um okay and bassist Ryan Sinn to form Angels & well I mean so okay well like okay like I mean um Airwaves, who were primarily inspired by arena rock groups such as U2 and The Police.
On October 31, 2006, Paramount Home Media Distribution released a like well um um so okay so like okay okay newly restored '60th Anniversary Edition', while also pairing well uh so like so you know you know well uh uh this holiday film with 'White Christmas' as part of the like I mean I mean you know uh okay um I mean uh okay 'Classic Christmas Collection' two - disc set released on that same day.
Károly Zipernowsky (1853 - 1942), was a Hungarian electrical engineer, co-inventor of the transformer and other AC technologies.
She earned her Master's Degree in International Relations from so uh like so you know well you know okay you know okay American University's School of International Service (SIS) in 1984; like like well I mean like uh uh okay um so and, she received her Bachelor's Degree in Business Administration from Kabul University in 1971.
The new Computer Science building at the University of uh um like so well okay okay um um like Oslo is named Ole Johan Dahl's House, in Dahl's honour, and the main auditorium is named Simula.
Their eldest son, Louis Henri, known as the Duke of okay well well okay okay you know like I mean um like Bourbon from birth, would eventually become the Régent of France like well okay uh you know okay well like well okay for Louis XV but was himself ruled by his mistress, Madame de Prie.
His performance in 'Alex Cross' gained the attention of so you know I mean um uh like um okay I mean well director David Fincher, who subsequently cast Perry in his like you know well so like well like you know you know I mean 2014 thriller 'Gone Girl', co-starring with Ben Affleck, Rosamund Pike, and Neil Patrick Harris.
Rosalie Otterbourne (Zoe Telford) and aristocrat - turned - Marxist Mr Ferguson (Alastair MacKenzie) take an instant dislike to Linnet.
But that left a mystery: no person had been like you know I mean you know okay uh I mean so uh I mean in the factory for 15 years, yet in the uh well well okay you know like um I mean like well last decade and a half, the candy tasted better and better.
Young was raised as the son of Fokke Jan de you know uh well okay uh so I mean well uh I mean Jong and his wife Anna, they already had three children Cornelia, Antonia and Ferdinand.
The last of the nation's 54 reactors went um uh like well like um okay uh I mean okay offline on May 5, 2012, and Japan's efforts you know well like like um uh I mean okay well so to regain public support for restarting the reactors has made limited headway.
The structure was designed by the famous Bath architect so well um um like you know you know I mean um uh Thomas Fuller, who would leave England in 1845 for Antigua well well uh uh I mean you know okay so you know um and then Canada where he would go on to like like you know like like like like you know I mean you know design the Langevin Block of the Canadian Houses of Parliament and numerous other important commissions.
The idea came after Pasha and his team uh I mean so uh well I mean okay you know um I mean at his performance media company Socialist were being approached by okay um you know well you know okay uh so um like small business community members and were unable to help, I mean well um so okay I mean okay I mean I mean well as their pricing was structured around the budgets of larger enterprises.
Many fast food outlets do not make shakes by hand um uh well well um like so well so so with ice cream; instead, they make shakes in automatic like okay so you know like okay you know um I mean so milkshake machines which freeze and serve a premade well so like so uh like okay okay so well milkshake mixture consisting of milk, a sweetened flavoring agent, and a thickening agent.
Aaron Kromer (born April 30, 1967) is an American football uh I mean like I mean um okay you know okay I mean I mean coach and former player who is the offensive line coach for the Buffalo Bills of the National Football League (NFL).
With an impressive 187 assists, Cloud let the A10 um okay well well well okay okay so like um in assists in a single season and finished her career with 163 rebounds and 50 steals.
Edward Robert Sellstrom was born in Gowrie, Iowa, on 19 you know you know um uh you know well like I mean um okay July 1916, and graduated from Gustavus Adolphus College, St. Peter, Minnesota, in 1939.
Pernell Karl 'P. K.' Subban (born May 13, 1989) is a uh okay you know you know um so like okay so uh Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who is currently plays for the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League (NHL).
The constituency is one of five covering the city okay so well I mean so well okay um okay um of Liverpool and covers the northeast of the city, uh so okay I mean you know well well okay you know okay including Croxteth, Gillmoss, Knotty Ash, Norris Green, Tuebrook, Stoneycroft as well as West Derby itself.
They had two daughters, Elisabetta and Alessandra, who is currently um um well like okay um um um like um a deputy in the European Parliament, and leads an Italian right - wing neo-fascist party, 'Alternativa Sociale'.
The 18th Flight Test Squadron (FLTS) is an independent you know I mean like you know you know um like so okay you know field test agency of the Air Force Special Operations okay um um I mean well okay so um I mean okay Command located at Hurlburt Field, Florida with one detachment at Edwards Air Force Base, California.
At the time the district taught grades one through eight, with high schoolers attending the Austin Independent School District.
Established in 1885 and fails to be the northernmost in so um I mean um like I mean so like okay uh Scotland by only half a mile, the distillery has one I mean well so I mean so um so um okay okay wash still and one spirit still producing a single malt (unblended) whisky.
Bliss later married 'Wonder World' sound mixer, Mark Tanner; they had four children, Eden, Madison, Harrison and Lawson.
The show was created by Michael O'Donoghue and producer / um okay okay like I mean like well I mean okay I mean engineer Bob Tischler; when O'Donoghue left, later producers included Sean Kelly, Brian McConnachie and John Belushi.
The pieces are usually available in individual foil packages and come in various flavors.
For all the hardship the community was suffering, Idora you know okay well well well like okay so like uh Park had some bright The carousel was named to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
David grew up in south suburban Hazel Crest, Illinois, studied uh so well okay you know like like well like you know anthropology at the University of Iowa where he attended so you know like uh like well okay well you know uh on an Army ROTC scholarship and graduated as the Distinguished Military Graduate with a BA in 1992.
The album was certified gold by the British uh uh okay so so uh so I mean I mean so Phonographic Industry (BPI) on 1 December 2006, and had you know like like I mean okay uh well uh okay uh sold 103, 500 copies in the United Kingdom as of March 2009.
The upper tier of the platform has four wall stones, so okay uh like well well um I mean uh um two aligned along an east - westerly axis and the like um so like you know like like okay um well other two inserted in between along a north - southerly axis.
From the start, the station put a greater emphasis on you know um uh you know like so like like you know so national coverage over local content; it also presented more packaged news reports.
Dr. Saroyan and Booth have had an intimate / romantic I mean uh you know well you know so you know okay okay I mean relationship in the past, but he did want to like you know like I mean uh so uh like I mean you know marry her into a relationship that is rekindled at an undisclosed point midway through the series.
It was developed in the USA circa 1935 and you know uh um um so um uh I mean okay I mean used as a substitute for Composition B in large general purpose you know you know I mean um I mean uh so okay uh okay and fragmentation bombs, and has a detonation velocity of approximately 7, 400 metres per second.
Daniela Iraschko - Stolz (born 21 November 1983) is an Austrian ski jumper who has been competing since 2000.
In North American English it was formerly called Oldsquaw, though okay um you know uh um okay I mean uh I mean okay this name has fallen out of favour, and some uh um I mean I mean okay like like I mean uh you know biologists feared that this would be offensive to some Native American tribes involved in the conservation effort.
On the occasion of coronation, special coins were minted, a uh you know you know uh uh I mean you know okay you know you know gold coin called 'Hon' and a copper coin called so uh uh so I mean okay so you know uh okay 'Shivrai' with a legend 'Shri Raja Shivachhatrapati' inscribed on them.
Farr Wind Farm is located some 10 miles south of Inverness, okay well so you know so uh well you know well I mean Scotland, off the A9, and comprises 40 wind okay uh okay I mean like I mean okay like like you know turbines with a total installed capacity of 92 megawatts (MW).
On descent, the weather worsened quickly and Božić's and Ang Phu were like okay like I mean um well I mean so I mean like unable to return to Base Four before dark and were you know like okay you know so I mean well so um you know forced to spend the night in a temperature, without tents or sleeping bags, at an altitude of.
Catherine and John III left for Tudela in quest for okay so I mean so well so uh like like well troops among loyal lords, and managed to get so well so I mean um um well okay well so 500, but overwhelmed by the sheer size of the Spanish uh you know okay so well well so I mean you know uh expedition, the loyalists veered east to Lumbier (Irunberri), and on to Lower Navarre.
Kabacan serve as a business and trading center um okay okay like okay well I mean uh so well for the adjacent municipalities of Carmen, Pagagawan, Pikit and like okay um uh like I mean you know you know uh um Matalam majority of the commercial establishment are engage in general merchandizing, sari - sari and dry goods.
They moved to Idaho in 1862 for so okay okay um you know um well you know um you know mining and homesteaded right below the Boise Bench on the Boise River.
Her parents wanted her to attend University of Dayton uh so you know so okay so well you know um you know but after crowned All - American Superior and Miss Wright like I mean okay like uh so okay okay um like State of OHIO out of high school, she achieved a so okay I mean so okay you know like well well um scholarship to attend Wright State University and later transferred to Sinclair Community College to study business and accounting.
'Rock This Country!' is the title of a song by I mean well okay like you know okay I mean um so so Canadian singer Shania Twain, it was the tenth single released so I mean you know uh uh well I mean um uh you know to country radio in January 2000 from her 1997 album 'Come on Over'.
Its attack and speed stats are good, and I mean so so uh okay I mean you know you know um okay its special defense is above - average, making um I mean um um like so I mean like well I mean this a good Normal - type Pokémon, but it um I mean like like um uh okay well you know well is easily overshadowed by other Pokémon of the same type like Snorlax and Slaking.
He convinced Amondson to seek the nomination of his faction of the um okay um okay okay I mean I mean you know like well Prohibition Party, which split over perennial presidential nominee Earl Dodge's so like uh you know you know I mean well I mean okay like leadership of the party, believing that he was more interested in his campaign button business than advancing the party's goals.
The story has been has received substantial media coverage; another okay okay um okay so well like well well I mean paper on the impact of outsourcing has also received some media attention.
' I Don't Care if the Sun Don't Shine' is a popular song, popularized by Patti Page in 1950.
Russell approached director Frank Lloyd for help changing her image; uh I mean well okay I mean so okay um like okay but, instead of helping her, Lloyd cast her as a wealthy aristocrat in 'Under Two Flags' (1936).
The fight then went to a fourth extension round, which um okay uh so um you know you know uh so okay was judged a split draw with scores of 10 - okay you know okay you know so I mean uh uh so okay 9 (Kubota), 10 - 9 (Penne), and 10 - 10.
After brief spells in Prague, Zurich and Paris uh like uh well so like like I mean well uh he and Weigel accepted an invitation from journalist and author well okay like um um well well I mean like you know Karin Michaëlis to move to Denmark, where they settled in a like well so like I mean you know well so so uh house on the small island of Thurø close to Svendborg on the island of Funen.
Granville Primary also has a very healthy lunch package where lunch is at the price of $ 100 JMD per day.
Although the village has a history dating back many well um well I mean okay like well I mean okay uh hundreds of years it was greatly transformed in the 19th you know I mean I mean like I mean okay like okay um well century by the Poynder family who owned Hartham Park at like like uh um uh uh uh like like uh Corsham, the family included John Poynder Dickson, 1st Baron Islington.
Zagreb motorway, designated as the A1 motorway comprises between like okay you know you know you know well um like okay um Zagreb and Karlovac, containing mere of the structures as the I mean well well well you know okay okay you know well like section is situated in a plain, and between Karlovac and so okay okay like uh I mean um okay I mean I mean Bosiljevo 2 interchanges, containing as much as of the structures.
In the late 1950s, Davis lived in Chicago, Illinois, you know uh well so okay um well I mean I mean okay performing with Muddy Waters, Jimmy Reed and occasionally fronting, during you know you know you know you know uh well I mean I mean uh so which time he recorded a session for Trix Records that resulted in one '45' single.
The State of Nebraska halted the liquor licensing process so I mean uh well okay um you know like uh okay before the 2006 season, and the organizers were okay I mean you know you know um like okay um so you know forced to modify the rules for vending of okay so uh um like well well I mean um like alcoholic beverages for the 2006 festival season, and forced uh uh I mean you know I mean so so well um so compliance in order for the festival to receive the required liquor licence.
The district was created after the 2000 census well so well okay um you know you know like uh I mean and was drawn so as to balance registered Republicans and I mean uh you know okay you know um I mean so I mean you know registered Democrats, though it has since gained a modest Democratic advantage in registration.
The film's music score was composed by Cyril J. Mockridge; but in you know I mean uh uh uh I mean uh okay like like scenes involving Hallie's relationships with Doniphon and Stoddard, Ford so um okay you know you know well so well uh you know reprised Alfred Newman's 'Ann Rutledge Theme', from 'Young Mr. Lincoln'.
LogiNext Solutions is a privately held big data analytics well you know like okay okay uh uh um uh so start - up, that provides real - time visibility and optimization solutions to logistics companies.
Bloodlines '( also known as' Wrong Turn 5' ) you know you know well so well uh uh okay okay I mean is a 2012 American horror film written and directed I mean okay um well um um like I mean you know well by Declan O'Brien and the fifth installment in the 'Wrong Turn' film series.
'You Have 0 Friends' has received positive reviews from critics, and like well uh uh you know I mean um uh well um according to Nielsen Media Research, the episode was viewed by I mean like um uh um okay um well well so by 3. 071 million viewers and became the cable lead in the 18 - 49 Wednesday night.
Traditionally, graduates of the Military Academy are commissioned as officers okay you know um well like okay I mean well well uh in the Egyptian Army; however, they may serve in other branches and commands of the Egyptian military establishment.
In 1994, British singer - songwriter Elyse okay I mean you know you know okay um well uh okay okay G. Rogers (Linda Meek) joined the group and remained until the group's disbandment in 1996.
An angled tailplane mounted on top of the fuselage um okay uh so uh well okay okay uh um had elevators with a cut - out for rudder okay you know okay uh you know well so I mean um like movement and it had a tailskid undercarriage, with pairs okay um um well well so you know like like so of mainwheels on axles attached to longitudinal bars fixed under the engines on N - form struts.
Senai is an airport town situated 25 kilometres from you know so uh well you know okay okay you know like like Johor Bahru, Malaysia, and apart from the Senai I mean well well um well uh well um well so International Airport, it is a base for several major multinational electronics manufacturers.
The black dogfish ( 'Centroscyllium fabricii' ) is a I mean okay like uh um like um well okay I mean species of dogfish shark in the family Etmopteridae, common you know I mean like uh okay uh you know I mean I mean so over the outer continental shelf and continental slope at a depth of.
In 1940 WW2 brought an end to production as the well like I mean okay you know uh okay well I mean like factory was turned over to produce munitions and after hotsilities had okay so uh well okay like so well so you know ceased there were no suitable engines avaialable so the company was wound up.
He left to live in the Himalayas in Badrinath okay um I mean uh so I mean um so okay okay and kept a very low profile like uh you know I mean uh so so like like so and, after many years, he joined the Hindu Organization Shiv Sena and well okay okay like like you know like so well like got very close to Bal Thackeray who appointed him as the leader Shiv Sena for North India.
Customary Korean units are a local adaption of the traditional Chinese system, imposed and adjusted at various times by royal statutes.
Nominal compounds occur with various structures, however morphologically um uh okay you know uh uh well so I mean you know speaking they are essentially the same: each noun (or so so like okay well well okay you know like um adjective) is in its (weak) stem form, with only the final element receiving case inflection.
M. Stroppel 1995 'Compact Projective Planes', W. De Gruyter I mean I mean so like so you know um so I mean uh Chapter 8 and more recently in H. Salzmann 2014' Compact planes, mostly 8 - dimensional.
Rickey Dale Tolley (January 6, 1940 -- November 14, 1970) was the I mean I mean like so like okay um like you know I mean head coach of the Marshall University Thundering Herd football team during the 1969 and 1970 seasons.
He became an architect and builder of um um like uh I mean well uh um you know I mean places of public amusement, doubtless excelling in this respect the uh you know so you know I mean you know uh you know um okay amount of work done by any other man in the country.
Founded in October 2010 by Henrique Olifiers, Imre Jele, um I mean you know so well okay you know you know like well Roberta Lucca and Ric Moore, the core development team so so you know I mean so well um I mean you know you know are mainly former employees from Bullfrog Productions, Jagex, Ubisoft, and Playfish.
Each year, KHUM undertakes a local Stop The Violence campaign, uh um like um like well okay so um like which includes three weeks of drive - time interviews uh you know you know okay okay well like you know like um with experts in and survivors of domestic abuse, street violence, and systemic violence.
During World War II, Smolensk once again saw um you know like I mean um you know well like I mean well wide - scale fighting during the first Battle of Smolensk you know you know uh uh I mean uh like okay okay so when the city was captured by the Germans on July 16, 1941.
The Mitchells hear of this and are angry that okay so you know um uh I mean so um okay well Phil did not wipe the fingerprints off the items, and well you know like so like like uh well okay I mean Jay believes he will also be implicated, which he is, like like you know I mean well okay you know uh uh I mean as a result and is receives a three - month suspended sentence and is tagged.
Keith - Lucas married Mary Hardwicke in 1946, and they had a son, Peter, and two daughters.
In 1974 the environmental consequences of the higher I mean I mean well uh like you know well you know like um exports were recognized in the Mono Basin and Owens like I mean well you know like like um well so like Valley, a series of court ordered restrictions were imposed on water exports.
Mia is often sarcastic towards her placement in the Gifted & like um like I mean you know I mean so uh like um Talented class, claiming she was put there to improve her lowly grade in Algebra.
The vaquita ( 'Phocoena sinus' ) is a rare species okay uh okay so uh I mean uh like I mean so of porpoise endemic to the northern part of the Gulf of California.
Mantell was born in Bridgwater, Somerset, and studied at the University of Bath.
Cormac and Darragh immediately formed another band, along with bassist Mick okay uh so well so so so well you know uh Murphy, called 'Wilt' whose music was more pop rock than heavy metal.
The Chief Conservator of Forests (South) & Director, Sundarban well well you know uh I mean well like you know you know I mean Biosphere Reserve is the administrative head of the uh so I mean you know like well okay uh you know so park at the local level and is I mean so like um so you know so uh uh well assisted by a Deputy Field Director and an Assistant Field Director.
With most of the people working for the government um um you know um uh I mean I mean uh um okay or going overseas especially to the Middle East and Europe, okay like um I mean like um um uh um um dependence on farming for income has greatly reduced but people still cultivate the land for the food.
Her first marriage was to a Mr. Patel, and by this well well you know I mean okay uh like um uh okay marriage she had one daughter, the actress Anuradha Patel, who is married to the actor Kanwaljeet Singh.
St Peter's Church is the oldest Roman Catholic parish in New okay um you know you know uh I mean so um uh uh York City and was designated a landmark by the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission in 1965.
Himmler would later break with Darré, whom he I mean so um um uh okay so you know uh uh saw as too theoretical and he was generally on well uh okay um okay like okay okay uh um bad terms with Hjalmar Schacht, particularly as Germany suffered poor harvests in the mid 1930s.
There is a good mix of residential properties, approximately uh well like um well like you know okay uh uh half of the 4, 000 plus properties are rented with the landlord now being Places for People.
Even those who could swim (which Lovell could not) so okay well um like well you know I mean you know um became flustered when the aircraft sank faster than anticipated; so uh uh well so I mean you know you know okay well the stink bomb that was thrown in to 'heighten the turmoil' added greatly to the chaos.
Another drawback of soil nutrient tests is that okay um um uh like well uh you know so so they do not take account of factors such as you know um I mean like like like so um okay well soil structure or biological activity, which affect the rate at which nutrients leave the soil.
After four seasons, in 1987 -- 88, Benfica proved so I mean like like so so like um like like ready to challenge for the European Cup, eliminating teams like well so I mean I mean uh so uh well like well Anderlecht and Steaua Bucureşti as they reached their sixth so like well okay uh so you know I mean like you know European Cup final, meeting PSV Eindhoven in Stuttgart on 25 May 1988.
The public school team name is the Bombers, and they play football at the Bomber Bowl.
Vladimir Golubović (born February 24, 1986) is a Montenegrin professional basketball player who plays for Turkish club Bandırma Banvit.
The International Building Code permits a mezzanine to have uh well I mean I mean okay okay uh well uh okay as much as one - third of okay okay I mean okay uh you know um you know I mean um the floor space of the floor below, and local building codes may vary somewhat from this standard.
Glickenhaus is also well known in automotive circles as you know uh I mean um uh you know so I mean um so an avid collector of former racing vehicles, and his I mean I mean you know well you know I mean you know um um um coachbuilt Ferrari P4 / 5 by Pininfarina has been covered in national publications like 'Car and Driver'.
Johannes Voigtmann (born 30 September 1992) is a German basketball I mean you know okay uh I mean like um well like well player who plays for Laboral Kutxa Baskonia and of the German national basketball team.
The squadron did not conduct proper conversion courses, okay so so like you know you know um okay like I mean and new Dakota pilots received only ad - okay okay I mean uh so uh so so okay um hoc instruction on the type while serving as the co-pilot okay like you know I mean like like um so okay so during operational tasks; veteran pilots generally did not attempt to pass on their experiences to trainees.
Dido Elizabeth Belle was born in 1761 and baptised in 1766 at St. George's Church, Bloomsbury.
Harding's family already owned burial plots in the uh um you know well so so like you know I mean well cemetery, but a grander destination was planned for the deceased uh well okay uh you know well I mean so um like chief executive; in the mean time, soldiers from Fort Hayes in Columbus guarded the vault for six months.
Bent became a more peripheral figure in his second season you know uh uh you know um uh so you know like uh at Everton where he was regularly used as back up for like like um I mean okay you know you know so okay like new signing James Beattie in January 2006, it was you know like so like well so uh I mean so you know announced that Bent had signed for Charlton Athletic in a deal worth £ 2. 3 million.
NPAS2 is paralogous to CLOCK, a key protein involved um like um well like I mean uh like so well in the maintenance of circadian rhythms in mammals, and its uh you know well you know well like well well um well role in the brain is thought to be as a generator and maintainer of mammalian circadian rhythms.
The BMW Championship itself rotates courses in the Upper Midwest, including you know well you know well you know so like uh well like Cog Hill Golf & Country Club in Lemont, Illinois, Crooked okay like uh like uh um like like like um Stick Golf Club in Carmel, Indiana, and Bellerive Country Club in the St. Louis suburb of Town and Country, Missouri.
Born in Clonmel, County Tipperary, Fahey first arrived on I mean okay so you know uh okay okay like well I mean the inter-county scene at the age of sixteen when he so okay uh um okay well I mean so like um first linked up with the Tipperary minor team before later joining the under - 21 side.
The player can click anywhere on the mini-map to um um I mean you know so like well um like I mean instantly jump to that location; however, the mini-map does not I mean uh um um uh well you know um you know like initially display the entire battlefield; the player must explore the area for it to become fully mapped.
In 1990, he married Israeli - born Daphna Edwards so like uh you know like like uh like like okay who is also Jewish; they have two children, Michele and Ashley.
The Ambassador sedan gained seven inches in length uh uh uh um you know well well so well um compared with the 1973 versions due to the newly required you know uh you know like like well um uh like I mean 5 - mph absorbing front and rear bumpers, as well as a new front - end design.
The alleged necessity to recognize a 'fallacy of naïve realism' I mean so uh like so so so so well okay seems, however, unwarranted considering the fact that a majority I mean I mean like uh well I mean I mean you know uh you know of the population, who arguably subscribe to naïve common okay like um you know I mean so like uh well like sense notions of reality, show no recognizable loss in their capacity to interact in cyberspace.
Moments later, L. C. Moves all - in with the best uh you know um like I mean uh you know well um uh hand against the last player, but gets rivered and falls short of his dream of winning 3 world championships.
He was the first son of John II and so like you know like you know well so uh like um Beatrice, daughter of Henry III of England and Eleanor of Provence.
John B. Ridpath (; born 1936 ) is a Canadian like I mean well okay so you know I mean well so I mean Objectivist intellectual historian and retired associate professor like you know well you know um I mean so um um you know of economics and intellectual history at York University in Toronto.
Seppala introduced the American public to the work dogs used well uh uh like you know I mean um I mean well okay by Native Siberians at the time; the breed came to be you know well I mean um okay you know I mean so well well known as the 'Siberian Husky' in the English - speaking world.
HidesterVPN supports several protocols such as PPTP, L2TP / okay I mean so I mean I mean um you know well like I mean IPSec and OpenVPN, additional features include DNS leak protection, IPv6 leak protection, multiple VPN gateways, unlimited bandwidth and split tunneling.
During the Second World War, on the 21 May 1940, the' like like um okay well uh okay so I mean uh Jeanne d'Arc', along with the 'Émile - Bertin', departed like okay I mean uh well you know uh like you know well from Brest with a 200 - tonne cargo of gold from the Bank of France.
Vader and Luke fight again, during which Vader learns that Leia like I mean like I mean so okay okay okay you know well is Luke's twin sister and threatens to turn her to the dark side if Luke will not submit.
In January 2017 it was announced that SKINNY ROADS the single I mean well so so I mean well I mean well well okay was named the most played song on Christian you know like uh I mean I mean like okay uh okay um radio across Australia for 2016, the song has also been nominated for 2016 APRA song of the year.
Tomáš Sedláček (January 8, 1918 -- August 27, 2012) graduated well uh uh um uh uh okay I mean I mean okay from a military academy and fled to France in 1940 when his nation was occupied by Nazi troops.
The station is owned by Southern Oregon University, and is um like like well like you know I mean I mean you know um an affiliate of Jefferson Public Radio, airing JPR's 'Rhythm & like like so like you know so uh I mean so so News' service, consisting of news and adult album alternative music.
Stammering, Bobby suggests that there may have been an extra okay well uh uh okay you know like you know well like one, then realizes his mistake, but Ed says no, that I mean um I mean so uh like I mean uh okay I mean Drew was not wearing his life jacket and that he does not know why.
Grande's second studio album, 'My Everything' (2014), also reached number uh uh um okay you know uh uh um you know like one in the United States, and contained the hit singles 'Problem' and 'Break Free'.
Farouk was thin early in his reign but later gained you know so uh so um well you know um like so weight, reaching nearly 136 kg (300 pounds) -- an acquaintance described him as 'a stomach with a head'.
After recovering from the effect of kurrare, the Saints compare notes you know well so I mean like okay uh well um okay and realize that Gabriel must be taking Shandala to the BIOCOM building.
The City of Sumter holds the distinction of being you know well like um uh like I mean well okay uh the first to adopt the council - manager form of um I mean like I mean okay I mean like okay I mean um government shortly after it was founded on June 11, 1912.
Shortly after college, Powers began his professional career for you know you know so like okay like okay like well okay the Columbus Cottonmouths, a team within the Central Hockey League (CHL), like okay like you know so I mean well you know well I mean and was recognized for his on and off - okay I mean you know I mean well you know well um I mean um ice performance when he was awarded 2000 -- 01 CHL Community Service Award.
It complements the existing DVB - H physical layer I mean like um I mean um uh so like um you know standard and like its sister specification (DVB - H) uses the so like like so I mean you know like um so like DVB IP Datacast (IPDC) set of content delivery, electronic service guide and service purchase and protection standards.
TMC has a medical staff of over 1, 000 like well um um um okay so I mean like um physicians complemented by 2, 200 workers engaged in allied medical, administrative and support services.
The median income for a household in the city is I mean I mean well you know okay I mean you know you know uh um $ 36, 900, and the median income for a family is $ 43, 654.
Australia and Denmark share a strong bilateral relationship okay like I mean so um um so okay uh I mean based on cooperation on many issues in international forums, a well like so you know like uh um you know so well strong commitment to global security, and people - to - people links established over two centuries of migration.
The Lehri are a Brahui tribe in Balochistan, Pakistan and they are descended from Rind Baloch.
The College decided not to rebuild the Victorian temple in okay um uh um you know um I mean well okay you know the middle of the performing area because such 'temples' are not true to the design of ancient Greek amphitheatres.
Students also have access to the Southall Sports Centre okay well you know well well well I mean um so uh run by the London Borough of Ealing, the Sixth well so you know so um like I mean uh so I mean Form Centre, and separate facilities for adult learning and a vocational centre.
The macabre and the supernatural are frequent themes, and may overlap with the fantasy, supernatural, and thriller genres.
Saunders was an expert on gulls and terns and was okay I mean um I mean okay well well uh you know I mean secretary of the British Ornithologists 'Union from 1901 to 1907, and first Secretary and Treasurer of the British Ornithologists' Club.
In 1789, Montgomery County was reduced in size by splitting well well so so okay well um okay so like off Ontario County; in 1791, Montgomery County was reduced further I mean so you know so uh so so I mean uh I mean in size by splitting off Herkimer, Otsego, and Tioga Counties.
As of October 2016 Global Infrastructure Partners had aggregate well um you know okay you know like well I mean okay I mean assets under management of approximately US $ 35 billion with its investments are largely concentrated in OECD countries.
Executive producer Rob Corn stated that his plan for the original like uh I mean well um okay okay um uh I mean arc was about Jane Doe's inner life, struggling to okay so well well uh well so so like well get out of the situation she is trapped in, noting so um like I mean uh I mean like you know so uh that the main characteristics of the actress they had been looking for were strength and vulnerabilty.
Russia had taken the fortress of Kars from the you know okay um I mean well like uh well you know I mean Turks during the Russo - Turkish War in 1877, um so I mean okay well okay well well so um when it was incorporated into the militarily administered Kars Oblast, and it like like um um uh like I mean okay so you know now feared a Caucasus Campaign aimed at retaking Kars and the port of Batum.
The channel was previously occupied by WHYY - TV starting I mean so so um like um so so well um in 1957, which later moved its city of license and frequency to Channel 12 in nearby Wilmington, Delaware in 1963.
In April he stretch out to a mile and um well uh well you know well you know you know okay you know one eighth and finished second again, this time to Dual um uh like uh so I mean you know okay I mean I mean Classic Winner Tim Tam in the Florida Derby also at Gulfstream.
General Sir Charles Wale (born 15th August 1752) became Colonel of well I mean um okay uh you know you know I mean um well the 33rd ( The Duke of Wellington's ) Regiment of Foot on 25 February 1831.
In 1995, the 'Hetman Sahaydachniy' visited Abu Dhabi during you know okay okay like like you know I mean okay like okay the 'Idex - 95' exhibitions, and also, with 'U402 Kostiantyn Olshansky', visited Norfolk, Virginia in the United States.
Tram services to Drummoyne and Ryde were serviced by the okay like okay um you know I mean okay uh I mean so Rozelle Tram Depot, the line, after departing the depot well um so um well I mean well well you know okay travelled along the Crescent and Commercial Road, Glebe, turning left onto Victoria Road.
Almost 150 people formed a rally at the CNN center uh well uh uh like I mean uh well okay I mean in Atlanta to support the Palestinian people and call for the US government to stop supporting the state of Israel.
The Golfo Azzurro is a ship used by the so okay so well okay well like like um you know Sea Shepherd Conservation Society to observe whale hunting in the Faeroe Isles in mid- 2010.
Manuella 'Manny' Santos (born August 15, 1989) is a fictional okay um so well you know um so I mean uh so character portrayed by Cassie Steele created by Linda Schuyler and Yan Moore.
The form of the trade was bartering, especially active um um okay so you know well like you know I mean I mean between 1897 and 1905, in spices, cassava, salted fish and bird - of - paradise.
The man who has the record for most Joints like well okay so okay okay uh so okay well rolled in one minute is actually a 15 year well you know um you know uh well so like uh I mean old boy called Sam Shafi he rolled a remarkable 54 joints in one minute smashing the 33 joint record.
The pelvis is the largest bony part of the skeleton uh so um like okay um okay well like I mean and contains three joints: the pubic symphysis, and two sacroiliac joints.
The population was 12, 124 at the 2000 census, you know like you know like you know okay um you know uh so though a recent survey suggests a population of closer to 15, 000.
In 1917 the mine was involved in the Industrial Workers like like okay I mean you know well like like so so of the World miners' strike which led to over 1000 uh okay um uh um well okay I mean uh uh miners being arrested and deported in what became known as the Bisbee Deportation.
Mahl and Knittel were later convicted of war crimes um you know um so like uh um like I mean okay and sentenced to death, although both sentences were subsequently commuted.
When they are saying goodnight on her porch, he gets you know uh so so so okay um okay well well the courage to ask if he can see her again well like I mean you know okay I mean I mean well I mean I mean and it is revealed that she is learning to live again also, but he doesn't know it.
The song has also been covered by 'Rockgrass' band Hayseed so okay okay you know I mean like like well so like Dixie, a band that covers popular rock / pop songs using a bluegrass style.
She continued the research, begun under Drinker, on air pollution um well um you know like okay like uh okay okay until she left the school in 1977, becoming more interested in the role of metals in the inhalation of sulfuric acid.
Samuel Akintola, Premier of the Western Region, as well you know okay you know so I mean so um so okay I mean as several high ranking Northern army officers; by contrast, only a single Igbo officer lost his life.
'Got You (Where I Want You)' was also featured you know okay well well well I mean uh you know like I mean on the soundtrack for the 1998 MGM film Disturbing uh I mean uh okay um I mean well well I mean like Behavior, which starred Katie Holmes. There music is also featured you know you know uh you know okay like um okay um okay in The Crow salvation soundtrack, with the track I Know What You Want.
Between 1914 and 1917 issues of the trade journal, 'Dog Fancier' okay um okay so like well so I mean like like contained notes and display ads from McEvoy and Aldrich so like um okay well you know uh um you know so offering their dogs for sale and in 1917 they sold off their dogs and closed down their kennel.
Forced to leave France by the outbreak of The Great War, August well okay um you know like um um so okay I mean 1914 she arrived back in Adelaide and started teaching at the Adelaide School of Arts and Crafts.
Posing for Gerda in women's clothes, Lili became so well so uh okay like so like um I mean Gerda's favorite model, and eventually came out as a male - to - female transsexual woman.
No record of their physical nature has survived except like well like like okay I mean um I mean so uh in the form of their characteristic arch; the doorway used to move between rooms.
In December 1990, 2nd Battalion, 5th Marines sailed for the uh you know okay well I mean so I mean um um like Persian Gulf in support of Operations Desert Shield / Desert um I mean you know like so I mean uh so so uh Storm and later landed in Saudi Arabia and participated in the liberation of Kuwait.
Fanagalo is spoken in Zambia, Zimbabwe, and South Africa by less than half a million speakers.
Francis M. McDowell (1831 -- 1894), an American banker so uh well uh I mean okay um uh you know um and farmer, was born of British Ancestry in Wayne, New York.
Jannings was a theater actor who eventually started a career in Hollywood.
The above map indicates the Category I lands reserved for you know you know uh I mean so uh uh so I mean well Natives under the terms of the Crown - in I mean I mean um well um okay well well uh you know - right - of - Quebec, hunting, fishing and okay so so you know um uh like I mean I mean so trapping rights are reserved for natives and forestry, mining and tourism development authority is shared.
They learn in the cave that the dragons answer to well okay so well well um you know I mean um um an Alpha dragon called a Bewilderbeast, who can control all dragons and has the ability to shoot ice instead of fire.
His maternal grandfather, James Pridmore, founded the West Glamorgan Coal well um so uh well I mean so you know well uh Company, which allowed Heseltine to be brought up in relative luxury at No. 1, Uplands Crescent (now No. 5).
HAL Bangalore International Airport, also known as HAL Airport okay I mean you know uh so I mean uh well okay like or Hindustan Airport, was a domestic and international airport like you know okay I mean uh so well I mean uh like serving Bangalore, Karnataka, India, however it is now a okay so okay I mean like you know so like um you know defunct airport, which was replaced by the new Bengaluru International Airport on May 24, 2008.
English architecture begins with the architecture of the Anglo - I mean so um so you know so you know I mean like uh Saxons; at least fifty surviving English churches are of Anglo you know you know like um um um you know well you know um - Saxon origin, although in some cases the Anglo - Saxon part is small and much - altered.
The cybernetic implants in her head, that were required as like I mean I mean you know so okay uh well well I mean a Weatherman, did put a bit of a strain on her like um so so so so well so well well relationship with Jackson, but soon Henry Bendix returned as Weatherman and Christine was restored to normal.
In flashback, it is shown that he was part well I mean uh okay so uh you know well well like of Operation Cerberus with Castle and a former US Navy Special Amphibious Reconnaissance Corpsman.
It was founded in 1994 by Kevin Wentworth Preston you know you know uh so like you know uh I mean um um and is based in the village of Pinkney near Malmesbury, Wiltshire, an area of England known as the Cotswolds.
It will premiere on February 28, 2011 and be like I mean I mean okay uh so well well um well simulcast in 3DTV on in Las Vegas, was first broadcast I mean so well um I mean like so um like like in January 2006 and consisted of 13 episodes, hosted by uh I mean like you know I mean so uh like I mean so A. J. Benza and comedian / actor - turned - poker pro Gabe Kaplan.
All jackets are made of 100 % cotton waterproof outer um like okay so I mean um okay um like well - shell and 100 % down proof nylon lining, you know you know I mean I mean I mean I mean um okay uh um and are down - filled with Ukrainian grey okay well um okay so okay well you know uh um duck and with 320 more feathers is both the parkas and the bombers.
'Kuka Kanyini' draws on traditional land management practices and sets out well like like you know uh um like so well uh priorities for scientists to work with Indigenous communities to help them manage their lands themselves.
Bishop took over the editorial desk of 'The Friend' in uh like you know like okay okay uh um you know well 1887, and while some believed he used it to you know okay uh so okay so so like you know okay pursue his political agenda, others called it a 'crowning service to this community and to humanity'.
By February 2004, Intel announced the EM64T instruction set, formerly known as Yamhill, it derived from AMD's AMD64.
Anne Everett (1943 - 2013) was an American artist from the Blue I mean uh okay uh you know uh so um well um Ridge Mountains, Bedford county, Virginia: she is best known for her work like like like uh uh I mean um like um like as an abstract expressionist, a colourist and, after 1995, as an icon painter.
Its signal also covers the Detroit, Michigan metropolitan area you know so you know like I mean like you know okay um well across the international border in the United States, and therefore uh okay you know um uh um I mean uh okay you know is counted as a Detroit station for the purposes of territorial programming rights.
He first attracted the attention of the media in 1986 uh I mean well so so I mean you know I mean like okay when he created a new society to invite okay you know um so like well um like well well the Ambassador of South Africa, Glenn Babb after the uh so you know I mean well uh so like okay so International Law Society had withdrawn an invitation, deeming okay I mean so so well like so okay so like it too controversial because of the issue of apartheid.
A versatile player, comfortable in the center or right I mean like I mean um I mean well um well uh well side of midfield, he represented Colombia at all youth levels.
Lynchings reached a peak in the late 19th and early uh okay so okay like I mean you know I mean like uh 20th centuries, when Southern states changed their constitutions well okay well okay um um I mean uh I mean okay and electoral rules to disfranchise blacks and, having so uh uh okay I mean um you know well you know like regained political power, enacted a series of segregation and Jim Crow laws to reestablish White supremacy.
In 2012 he was presented with the Smith - you know um uh so uh like I mean um um well Murphy Award for Outstanding Teaching, as well as a Young Professional Award from Kent State University.
In cocoa cooperatives, buyers also contribute money to community development, allowing you know like I mean well so well um uh like um cocoa farmers to increase product quality, build infrastructure, train workers, uh so well okay I mean okay uh I mean you know I mean bring safe drinking water to their communities and establish local health clinics and schools.
Lyon believes that the network mapping can help detect and like um you know uh like I mean well I mean like uh assess sites of disasters in the world, citing the significant destruction of Internet capabilities after a disaster.
The unit moved to France on 8 October I mean I mean well um you know well uh well I mean you know 1917, although on 7 November, No. 28 Squadron was uh uh so well so like like so uh well transferred to Italy and most of the unit, including aircraft well I mean well well I mean so so I mean uh well and with Barker temporarily in command, travelled by train to Milan.
During World War I Balla's studio became the like uh like like I mean well I mean so so well meeting place for young artists but by the end okay um okay uh like um you know I mean okay you know of the war the Futurist movement was showing signs ofUnited States and in you know uh okay um uh like so so uh you know 1935 was made a member of Rome's Accademia di San Luca.
On the 27 March 2008 at 5. 40pm on the well okay well uh you know you know I mean uh uh you know westbound carriageway of the A14 between Girton and Histon like well um well well I mean like uh well uh an accident involved two cars and two lorries - both car drivers died.
He moved to Delhi following the partition of India in uh I mean uh I mean uh okay so like I mean so 1947, but desiring to move beyond accompaniment and um so like um uh I mean you know um like um frustrated with his supporting role, Narayan moved to Mumbai to work in Indian cinema in 1949.
In 2004, Dragić joined Ilirija of the Slovenian 1B league for the 2004 -- 05 season.
The 2000 -- 01 season saw Manchester City relegated, however, I mean uh uh I mean um you know you know well so like Tiatto performed well for the struggling club, and won Manchester City's Player of the Year award for the season.
In December 1944, the 352nd received orders to deploy well like you know I mean um uh um uh well like to a remote field in Belgium designated 'Y - 29' and after okay well um you know uh so I mean I mean uh I mean arriving on the 22nd, began operating on the 24th.
The Emergency Services (Obstruction) Act 2006 (c. 39) is an I mean well you know you know uh like like like well so Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom intended uh um well you know um um you know uh I mean so to reduce the instances of obstruction of, or assaults, on emergency service personnel.
The third book in the series, 'The Mammoth Hunters' was like you know um well well well like like well I mean released in Fall 1985, and details Ayla's personal growth as so okay um well like you know I mean you know okay well she learns to cope with a society of widely okay like uh you know uh um so um you know you know disparate individuals and their unpredictable behaviors and mysterious motivations and habits.
Despite the fact that it is sometimes called the otaheite well well um uh uh uh okay well I mean you know cashew, 'Syzygium malaccense' is not related to cashew -- an like so so you know like um well uh okay I mean important distinction because cashew nuts (but not cashew fruits) well I mean you know well I mean um you know I mean like um may trigger allergic reactions while rose apple fruit has not been observed to do so.
Edison approved of Ford's automobile experimentation; encouraged by him, well okay I mean um you know well uh uh so you know Ford designed and built a second vehicle, completing it in 1898.
After the war he returned to the Treasury like uh okay well um well you know like well so and in 1921 he became Principal Private Secretary I mean like I mean okay you know so okay you know okay um to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, serving several successive Chancellors including Winston Churchill.
The new features include an additional seating area, bicycle storage and the area is also being completely pedestrianised.
Six new Alstom Coradia LINT trainsets were purchased so um so like uh I mean uh um I mean like in order to replace and retire the 3 Bombardier Talent um you know uh uh well um uh I mean okay um trainsets which, along with the 2 extra passing loops, will I mean okay um so uh well um um um well double the number of trains on the line to four and reduce wait times.
Bo Saris was born in Venlo, Netherlands, and now resides in London, England.
She studied painting at the Imperial Academy of Arts in Saint okay okay uh like well I mean well like I mean you know Petersburg (Императорская Академия художеств) between 1891 and 1901 and uh like um um I mean like okay well so uh was entitled 'artist' (Russian: художника) for her picture 'B' ehind the scenes '(' За кулисами' ).
He argues that because paper companies have incentives to replenish well okay you know you know like well I mean well well uh their forests, large demands for paper lead to large forests, while reduced demand for paper leads to fewer 'farmed' forests.
As late as 1905 there were still Chinese miners that you know well I mean well well um you know I mean well you know continued to work in the American Canyon, but by that time they were quite elderly and numbered fewer than ten.
A Green - oriented Elvish planeswalker originated from the uh I mean like um I mean so like um okay uh plane of Zendikar that uses the raw energy um well well well um so so I mean you know I mean of her own plane to defend herseelf and her kin from an ancient alien menace.
Agnieszka Chylińska and Małgorzata Foremniak returned as judges and I mean okay um so I mean well uh okay okay like were joined by Ukrainian sand artist Tetiana Galitsyna, who received PLN 300, 000.
Dermot Richard Claud Chichester, 7th Marquess of Donegall, LVO (18 okay okay well uh so well okay um uh okay April 1916 -- 19 April 2007) was the well uh I mean okay uh um okay I mean you know you know second son of Arthur Chichester, 4th Baron Templemore, whom he succeeded in the Barony.
The album was produced and arranged by Henry I mean uh um you know um I mean um okay so um 'Junjo' Lawes, The Riddim Tracks were recorded at Channel I mean um well you know you know um okay okay you know um One and played by The Roots Radics Band, so like I mean like well well okay well so um All the tracks were mixed by Scientist at King Tubby's Studio.
Students applying for degree candidacy must successfully complete three um you know um okay um okay um I mean uh um 4 - credit liberal arts courses at Harvard so well uh I mean you know you know I mean so like I mean with at least a B grade, and maintain a minimum um uh you know like you know um um well so you know 3. 0 cumulative GPA; one of these three pre-admission courses must be EXPO E- 25 Expository Writing.
Hannia Guillen (born 1982 in Ciego de Ávila, Cuba) is you know um I mean well uh well you know I mean uh you know a Cuban - American actress best known for her portrayal so okay uh uh well I mean so I mean well you know of Paloma Lopez - Fitzgerald on the NBC daytime television like so you know um I mean uh I mean so like well soap opera 'Passions' from October 16, 2007 to 2008.
His funeral was attended by over 100, 000 people um like you know okay well okay uh well okay okay and there was widespread sadness at his death; he I mean like I mean okay I mean well well you know so like was a popular player with both cricketers and spectators so um so so um like uh you know okay um due to his attacking batting and his warm personality.
Neil Clark (born 8 October 1981) is currently I mean okay uh uh I mean um I mean okay um well a rugby union player for Exeter Chiefs in the Aviva Premiership.
Mineral ore could now be brought relatively conveniently you know I mean uh um um um I mean you know like so to market; this not only brought about transfer of the transportation okay so well okay like okay like okay um so from other routes to the canal, but it encouraged further like you know you know uh um I mean um you know like so exploration and mineral extraction, which then augmented carrying on the canal.
After getting a negative response from them, he himself well um I mean uh um um like um like um implemented the Group Mediclaim Policy for the needy like you know okay so I mean so I mean well you know okay 22, 450 families in Ghatkopar, covering people, having a sum you know uh I mean well uh well um like okay uh assured of Rs. 50, 000 / - per family, through Oriental Insurance Company.
A few years later, when Grinstead's family relocated to Whitesboro, Texas, okay like well uh so I mean you know okay um like he chose to remain remain in Indian Territory, where um so okay you know you know uh I mean uh I mean like he supported himself by working a variety of odd I mean uh like uh um like so um um you know jobs before finding fulltime employment as a printer with The Ardmore Weekly Courier.
Michael Armand Hammer (born September 8, 1955) is the son of you know so you know like uh like well um well well Julian Armand Hammer and the grandson of American industrialist and philanthropist Armand Hammer.
With a guard's compartment in the centre and I mean um okay well like uh uh like um okay two large areas either side for storing luggage they were a okay well you know you know like well you know okay uh I mean very versatile type of coach and could be found um so well um so uh you know I mean okay uh all over the British Railways network and some are still in use today - although not in conventional use.
The clothes line wraps around Tod's neck, and like like um I mean you know I mean I mean I mean so uh slowly suffocates him as he desperately attempts to free himself, but he eventually dies.
The Yumbo name refers to a smaller snack well you know like like well like you know um well okay based sandwich from the 1970s and early 1980s of so you know well so you know uh okay I mean I mean like the same name which was a hot ham and cheese sandwich served on a hamburger roll.
In February 1781, the Scindias lost a battle you know uh I mean uh okay okay so you know um uh to the British there, which resulted in a mutual - defense treaty the following October.
The exhaust exited through vectoring nozzles in the center of gravity which were vectorable through about 90º.
Berdella died of a heart attack in 1992 at like I mean I mean well you know I mean well uh like I mean Jefferson City Correctional Center, after writing letters to a minister claiming you know okay um so so I mean like well uh uh the prison officials were not giving him his heart medication.
Her style has been referred to as 'Amy Winehouse um you know I mean uh like okay you know uh um you know meets Lily Allen', a description she's very proud of, citing Rihanna, Beyoncé and Dusty Springfield as additional influences.
Prior to August 19, 2006, the exam was uh um okay you know okay okay you know I mean uh so a paper - and - pencil test; since January you know I mean like um like you know okay uh so so 27, 2007, however, all administrations of the exam have been computer - based.
Food and drink is permitted during the shows, which are free, though donations are encouraged.
He toured with Dead Can Dance in the nineties okay uh uh I mean uh well well I mean like um but since the Spiritchaser tour in 1996 he has focussed his energies on Kíla and his solo work.
Work began to accelerate in 2000, with the so like I mean uh like so um I mean so so section between Interstate 35 and U. S. Route 65 becoming four lanes that year.
Leaving the university without graduating, she travelled to the United well like I mean um uh um so like uh like States, where she studied at Columbia University and met her first husband.
A few other dogs played Petey but Lucenay's Peter uh so um okay I mean so okay um well so was the most famous, after being fired from the so you know well um you know well okay um you know um Our Gang series Harry Lucenay retired Pete um okay so well uh so um uh uh so to Atlantic City N. J. Where he was photographed with children at the famed Steel Pier.
Originally built in 1942 as the home 216 Maintenance I mean um you know uh like uh uh uh you know so Unit RAF, the site was renamed St George'sBarracks and went you know well you know so so okay um so uh you know on to become the regional centre for infantry training as the Fusilier Brigade Depot in 1960.
It is known for containing amygdalin, a poisonous okay okay you know like like I mean I mean okay well well compound that, together with the related synthetic compound laetrile, has been marketed as an alternative cancer treatment.
Gail Charlene Boggs (born August 10, 1951 in Montclair, you know I mean like you know uh I mean um um okay so New Jersey) is an American actress best known for her role as Louise Brown in the 1990 film 'Ghost'.
The Pancor Jackhammer is fully automatic and thus classified as so uh well I mean uh I mean uh like like so a machine gun by the United States and are regulated as such by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives.
Bjerkreim is a municipality in the county of Rogaland, Norway, in the southwestern part of the country.
A native of the United Kingdom, Payne has long well like well I mean okay okay like uh okay okay been an outspoken critic of bans on online gambling okay um I mean uh like like so well uh like and an ardent supporter of legalization and regulation of the industry.
Widely characterized as a 'Zionist epic', 'Cinema and you know um well like you know okay okay you know um like the Shoah: an art confronts the tragedy of the twentieth century'.
It was concluded that this crash was a type known as I mean okay uh well like um okay so so like C. F. I. T. (Controlled Flight Into Terrain) and uh well okay um um well um you know you know uh that there were no defects with the aircraft or uh uh like um um uh um you know you know you know its systems which contributed to the crash, for this the failure to read the instruments correctly rests with the captain.
In some mosques there is a platform ( 'müezzin I mean so like okay like so like I mean so um mahfili' in Turkish ) opposite the minbar where the assistant of the Imam, the muezzin, stands during prayer.
Mohamed A. Omaar is the elder son of Abdullahi um you know well like so like you know well uh you know Omaar the famous elder and businesman, he was born in well you know I mean I mean I mean well well uh okay um Hargaisa in 1st of July 1953, his young brothers like um um so well okay uh I mean so like are Raqiya Omaar the Human rights advocate and the famous journalist Rageh Omaar.
Naeun was a JYP Entertainment trainee and made a cameo appearance in Got7's MV for 'Stop Stop It'.
He is best known for his time in WWE under you know so you know uh uh um okay you know well okay the ring name Simon Gotch, where he held the you know so you know um you know okay you know I mean you know you know NXT Tag Team Championship as one - half of The Vaudevillains along with Aiden English.
After moving to Melbourne, Australia to teach Traditional Wing Chun well okay okay I mean so well uh well I mean uh professionally in 1973, Cheung established his wing chun studio in Melbourne's CBD, which attracts hundreds of new students each year.
He attended public school in St. Joseph, Missouri, and the Western Military Academy in Newcastle, Kentucky.
Yangyang has since been suspended, as Yangyang International Airport you know uh you know you know uh you know okay okay okay okay was closed in late 2008, currently no inter-Korean flights run according to laws in both countries.
Susan Marie Groppi won the in 2010 for her okay I mean uh well okay I mean like I mean you know um work as Editor - in - Chief on 'Strange Horizons', okay so you know okay like you know um so well um and the magazine itself was nominated for the Best Website Hugo Award in 2002 and 2005.
Mersin İdmanyurdu took place in 1990 -- 91 Second League in like uh well you know uh so um like um well Group C and finished 3rd with 19 wins and 69 goals.
William Lawson - (14 March 1772 -- 25 Auguast, I mean so you know um uh I mean uh so well so 1848) was a businessman, office holder, justice of the peace, and like well so okay I mean like like okay you know uh politician born in Halifax, Nova Scotia, in well so so you know okay you know okay okay like like Canada, and the son of John Lawson and Sarah Shatford.
On November 3, 1896, Russell was elected Governor of North Carolina and served one - four year term.
John Adam Belushi (; January 24, 1949 -- March like so well you know okay so so I mean like okay 5, 1982 ) was an American comedian, actor, and musician, um I mean so um uh you know okay um well uh best known as one of the original cast members of the NBC sketch comedy show 'Saturday Night Live'.
He is the older brother of Tom Axworthy, MA okay uh so okay okay uh like okay okay I mean and PhD from Princeton University in 1963 and 1972 respectively, you know okay well well so I mean uh uh I mean okay returning to Canada to teach at the University of Manitoba and the University of Winnipeg.
WMMB's transmitter is located in southern Brevard County, Florida I mean uh um so um uh you know so I mean so and it's content is simulcast in North Brevard on it's sister station 1350AM WMMV.
Graves did this as comic relief in the novel, but in reality she did not have a reputation of gluttony.
David William 'Hughesy' Hughes (born 26 November 1970) is an Australian stand - up comedian, radio and television presenter.
This track cycling event consists of a single race in which well I mean uh um you know like uh I mean okay uh the cyclist with the most points at the end of the race wins.
It was located about two miles southeast of present - you know uh uh you know well okay you know I mean like well day town of Marshfield and was the site of well um well so well well so uh um you know the first meetings of the township trustees in the 1830s.
Macbeth in Munich, Traviata at Wiener Staatsoper at September 2012 the Duke uh like like okay so like I mean I mean okay like in 'Rigoletto' San Francisco Opera, conducted by M ° Luisotti.
In foreign policy, Fillmore supported U. S. Naval uh so I mean so I mean uh you know like you know well expeditions to open trade in Japan, opposed French designs okay I mean so well well like like okay like okay on Hawaii, and was embarrassed by Narciso López's filibuster expeditions to Cuba.
The Authority also sought to help control flooding on the lower so I mean so uh so uh you know so um you know Mississippi River, especially in the aftermath of the Ohio River like so I mean like like um okay you know okay so flood of 1937, as research had shown that 4 % I mean I mean I mean um okay okay like I mean well you know of the water in the lower Mississippi originates in the Tennessee River watershed.
Serena's sudden change in mood convinced Scott that she was too you know okay so well like you know so you know uh well embarrassed to be seen with him, and this incident well you know okay so so well I mean like so um went on to mar his first day at the I mean you know well well well like uh well okay like school where his over-eagerness and clumsiness made it difficult for him to fit in.
Nevzorov Haute Ecole (NHE) - is a modern school so you know I mean I mean um I mean so well I mean okay created by Alexander Nevzorov and is based on the ancient Haute Ecole principles and human horse treatment.
Governments are particularly susceptible to accusations of cronyism as they I mean you know well so okay um so uh I mean I mean spend public money this is why democratic governments are encouraged to have transparency in their accounting and contracting processes.
Broomfield was born in West Palm Beach, Florida, and so so so like uh so so well like you know grew up as part of a family group, La Voyage, playing in local clubs.
Major Paul I. 'Pappy' Gunn modified some USAAF Douglas A- 20 you know uh uh okay I mean okay well so I mean so Havoc light bombers by installing four machine guns in their um I mean uh I mean okay uh you know okay like well noses, and two fuel tanks were added to give the aircraft more range.
After the establishment of the National Science and Technology I mean okay uh okay so well um um uh well Development Agency (NSTDA) on 30 December 1991, BIOTEC okay I mean I mean uh like so uh uh okay you know became one of the NSTDA centers, operating outside the normal framework of civil service and state enterprises.
The flagging duties were moved to the new you know okay um well well you know okay you know I mean like perch, previously they were done from a small trackside platform, and prior to that, on the race track itself.
Joseph left the family business and received his B. A. From uh okay so I mean okay well um so I mean um Boston College, started working as a bond trader at Merrill okay um okay okay so like okay so you know okay Lynch on Wall Street, but after a year returned to the family's restaurant business.
The reserve includes a trail (Mill Trail) and medieval bridges I mean I mean so so like like well um you know uh and is home to several habitats including a poplar plantation, reedbed and species - rich wet meadows.
She used it to burst out of the tanker, destroying um I mean um like so okay um uh well you know any White Whale members that were near, and to um well well uh so well okay um okay like form giant robotic suits of armour around herself and her teammates.
Younger uncle Karunai Prakasar get married and wrote more than five books in Tamil.
Clifford Herschel Moore, Ph. D. (1866 -) was you know uh okay uh uh well I mean well um I mean an American Latin scholar, born at Sudbury, Mass. , and educated okay like um uh you know uh okay I mean you know like at Harvard (A. B. , 1889) and in Europe at Munich (Ph. D. , 1897).
It also made for easy entry through the driver's door and well okay uh um you know uh I mean you know you know okay no cold steel up a driver's leg but the petrol okay like um like well I mean I mean okay uh uh tank was in the scuttle and its filler I mean uh okay uh um um like well uh I mean was above the gear lever in the centre of the dashboard.
It is not acceptable to delete information from an article because well um okay well well uh I mean so uh I mean it spoils the plot if that would interfere with, encyclopedic tone, completeness, or any other element of article quality (for example, the).
It is 'red, smooth and shiny', its epithelium is thinner than so uh okay well I mean so well I mean well so that of the gums, is non-keratinized, and is not connected to underlying tissue by rete pegs.
Its natural habitat is rivers and it is threatened by habitat loss.
Nevertheless, his criminal record would include over 20 arrests and uh okay okay well um like okay so okay you know convictions and, in January 1909, he was finally convicted of grand larceny and sentenced to 20 years imprisonment.
It reached also the top position on the Canadian Adult um um I mean uh okay well um okay so like Contemporary Chart, and was a top 10 hit uh uh um like I mean you know like I mean well um in Denmark, Italy, Switzerland, France, and Canada where it was certified gold for selling over 20, 000 digital downloads.
At the end of the race Axwell wins okay you know uh okay well well you know well I mean like and a photo finish photograph is taken and it comes out and gets blown away into the desert.
Al Wilson finally won the Schenley award well uh so okay so like you know I mean well like for Most Outstanding Offensive Lineman and receiver / return Leon Bright captured the Schenley Rookie award.
Stuart Hanlon is a criminal defense lawyer based in San okay so uh I mean I mean um so okay so like Francisco, California who defended Geronimo Pratt and members of the Symbionese Liberation Army.
This appears fairly straightforward at this point; no apparent problems as yet.
Mystery Incorporated', Abin Sur in', and various teachers in uh like well um I mean well um so well so 'Recess', one of the mail men in 'Rugrats', and various characters in 'The Buzz On Maggie'.
It was first published in the horror anthology 'Shock Rock' and you know so okay you know you know okay um so okay uh later included in King's collection 'Nightmares & Dreamscapes', concerning so you know um you know well uh I mean okay well like a young couple on a road trip in Oregon well like you know well well okay uh like uh I mean when they accidentally wander into a small town inhabited by dead musicians.
Alma reserves her life to manage day - to okay okay uh okay uh so like well I mean okay - day tasks in the house, and be okay okay so okay so well so like um uh a 24 hour personal - companion to whatever Johan you know you know um so well well well um I mean I mean demands her to do, be or perform at any particular moment.
Russell, the leader of the robbers, demands food and uh well okay I mean well like like uh um like the police supply them with pizzas whose boxes include listening devices.
Noel Gugliemi (born in 1970 in Santa Monica, California) you know like uh um well you know like uh well well is an American actor born to an Italian father and a Mexican mother.
In May 1938 a new constitution was adopted, which echoed okay I mean like well uh okay uh well you know like the previous constitution's statement that Vilnius was the permanent capital I mean um like so you know I mean I mean I mean you know so of Lithuania and that Kaunas was merely a temporary capital.
Freudenstadt is a town in Baden - Württemberg, Germany, and is capital of the district Freudenstadt.
Although L'Enfant designed city's original street layout in 1791, like so you know well like you know um like I mean well surveyor Washington County (on the Maryland side of the Potomac) and Alexandria County (on the Virginia side).
The 1873 grist mill is a three - story structure well um you know so I mean okay so um um okay set into the hill, with a frame board and I mean so okay um uh well I mean I mean like uh batten - clad third story set on a two - story stone foundation.
Programs in the ROM modules could be called from a user like you know like I mean like like so you know so like program, using the ubiquitous XEQ function, that appeared as 'XROM' when used to refer to a ROM program.
José María Caro Martínez was elected the first Mayor, and formalized the city plan in 1894.
Matters worsened for Maximilian after the French armies withdrew uh I mean uh uh you know well you know okay uh um from Mexico in 1866, and he was captured and executed by the Mexican government in 1867.
Rebecca's boss is replaced yet again, who is interested in her and decides to reassign Rebecca as manager.
In 2001, Adut completed a TAFE course equivalent okay um uh um like well um you know I mean so to a high school certificate, then went on to complete an Advanced Diploma in Accounting at TAFE.
He announces over the intercom that the staff and prisoners like um uh so uh I mean um like like you know are free to leave through the one available exit I mean you know so you know well uh okay well I mean you know - the front door and that he is uh you know um uh like okay okay well I mean you know taking back the Asulymn that is his family heritage.
Finally, I got my first computer when I was 7, um well um okay uh okay well um well like a Windows Vista Laptop, inspiron 1525, two and an half years okay uh you know um okay I mean uh okay you know so later I got a toshiba satellite laptop with so like um uh you know so like you know well like Windows 7 but within a year the casing started to split.
The original mission duration was to be only three like uh you know you know like well like um um um years, but in June 2005, 14 years after the satellite's launch, six of its ten instruments were still operational.
Olav Terje Bergo is chief editor of Bergensavisen um um okay like uh um uh um um okay BA, a post he has held since 1984, and was okay like well um I mean okay uh you know well like chairman of the board of the Norwegian Media Business organization from 2002 to 2005.
Mini-Me can't talk, and often expresses himself with writing, but like like um I mean like uh um uh okay I mean uses his middle finger to insult someone whenever necessary (See Mini-Me).
Empress Genshō was an elder sister of Emperor Mommu okay well so I mean I mean I mean uh well um um and daughter of Prince Kusakabe and his wife and later Empress so okay um well like like okay so well I mean Empress Gemmei, therefore a granddaughter of Emperor Temmu and like um I mean I mean uh well well so well well Empress Jitō by her father and a granddaughter of Emperor Tenji through her mother.
The initial route was to run from Chattanooga to a like like like um like um I mean I mean so um spot called simply 'Terminus,' located east of the Chattahoochee River, okay well so like I mean like well uh well okay which would eventually be linked to the Georgia Railroad like I mean uh well uh well okay um okay like from Augusta and the Macon and Western Railroad, which ran from Macon to Savannah.
Kreon was a fictional character featured in comic books okay so um so uh I mean um okay you know okay published by DC Comics he was a Green Lantern from the world of Tebis.
Alice Lucille McCoy (born March 29, 1948) was a Republican I mean like like okay um like you know well I mean so State Representative from District 35 in Pennington County, South Dakota from 1999 to 2006.
The investment in Sampoerna represented a strategic move okay you know I mean like like I mean you know uh I mean I mean for Altria, as although Marlboro is by far the most like I mean um like um so I mean well you know okay popular Western - style (non kretek cigarette), most Indonesians still smoke kretek cigarettes.
The Executive Director is Cindy Cohn, she held the office of Legal Director at EFF from 2000 - 2015.
He graduated Boston College, the Columbia University Graduate School of okay I mean um okay so well well um um so Journalism (with honors), and was a 1965 Society of Nieman Fellows at Harvard University.
Active shutter 3D systems are used to present 3D films in I mean well uh uh um so okay uh like you know some theaters, and they can be used to present um um I mean you know I mean like like I mean so I mean 3D images on CRT, plasma, LCD and other types of video displays.
Some of the problems with viewing consonant gradation in Finnish you know like well I mean um okay so I mean well you know as purely an issue of syllable structure is that the I mean uh uh I mean uh so um I mean uh like language has undergone various phonetic changes due to which not uh like okay you know like I mean like you know um I mean all weak grades occur in closed syllables, and not all strong grades occur in open syllables.
A quantitative trait locus (QTL) is a region of well you know like you know like well you know well um well DNA that is associated with a particular phenotypic trait - these QTLs are often found on different chromosomes.
Prior to his appointment as the Secretary of like so so like okay okay like okay like like the Department of Health, Flavier went to serve village folk um I mean like like okay uh you know I mean like like in Nueva Ecija and Cavite, and became president of the Philippine Rural Reconstruction Movement in 1967.
The project for the church was entrusted by the engineer um uh I mean I mean like um okay you know well so Maggi, and on August 8 1926, Monsignor Roberto Colombo placed the first stone of the church.
In case of febrile seizures, medical advice can be I mean um uh I mean okay well okay uh uh uh sought for reassurance, however febrile seizures are not harmful, do uh like you know you know um so you know I mean so uh not require treatment, and have no long term negative effects unless they last longer than five minutes.
The first church on the site was dedicated to St you know I mean well uh I mean um like okay okay you know Peter and described as the Church of Westleigh in Leigh, so I mean you know like uh so uh okay so um its dedication changed to St Mary the Virgin at the end of the 14th century.
Born and raised in Hyderabad, she is the granddaughter of statesmen Muhammad Saleh Akbar Hydari and J. Rameshwar Rao.
Police believe her death was gang - related, coincidentally like you know okay I mean I mean uh you know I mean you know okay mirroring her most well - known role - although they okay like um like okay okay well I mean well like also speculate she was not a gang member herself, rather uh uh you know like I mean okay I mean I mean well um she was simply at the wrong place at the wrong time.
It was also a controversial production, as its stories were partly based so like you know well um okay um okay uh well on real people and events, and several years passed well you know well uh so okay so uh I mean um before it was adapted from a play performed by the so well well so um well I mean uh well so Royal Shakespeare Company, due in part to the BBC's fear of litigation.
In 1964, a broad swathe was cut through this small uh I mean you know I mean okay you know I mean well okay I mean forest for electrical power lines, despite the area being surrounded by clear country and declared a protected area.
This is the most basic of the CDC family well like I mean I mean you know well okay so you know um of profiles hackedis a set of Java APIs um I mean so I mean well like I mean I mean like I mean tuned for low - footprint devices that have limited resources that do not need a graphical user interface system.
The first Bentley capable of running on both petrol (gasoline) and well like you know okay I mean like well okay um I mean biofuel (E85 ethanol), its 6. 0 litre W12 engine I mean okay uh um well so um well like okay was rated at 6, 000 rpm and at 1, 700 - 5, 600 rpm - using either fuel.
Robert Nugent Dunbar (died 1866), poet, lived many years in the Antilles and elsewhere in the West Indies.
As Austin confronts Dr. Evil, Dr. Evil gives him um um okay uh well uh you know you know uh okay a choice: save the world or Felicity, who is locked in a chamber with poison gas.
Cleveland has four trains per day, all but one run in the middle of the night.
The main problem was proof of guilt and thus the Redferns are about to depart with smugness.
Before the founding of Russellville, a small town located on the well so like uh okay like so well like you know Arkansas River, called Norristown, served as the county seat from 1830 - 1840.
Russell admitted that he molested Susan when she was uh I mean um like like you know uh okay well so a teenager and had consensual sex with her as well so so you know like so like well you know well an adult. As Susan was growing up she faced many hard times.
The building was then turned into a railway heritage centre okay okay like okay you know like like I mean uh like in 1979 by the Butetown Historic Railway Society and okay okay like uh okay like so so okay uh by 1994 started to run steam hauled passenger services up 500m of track.
Sol Joel Park is a public park in Earley, I mean so I mean well uh um I mean so um so a suburb in east Reading, Berkshire, England, on the well uh like um um um so okay like I mean Wokingham Road was given to the Corporation of Reading in 1927 by Solomon Joel.
Poon is the executive chairman of his Hong Kong um um so so um um like I mean uh well listed vehicle Dickson Concepts, which owns companies including Harvey Nichols and S. T. Dupont.
After his father's death in 1945, and after extensive consultation uh uh so well um uh well you know so okay with a number of Shanghai's authoritative philatelic experts and philatelic literature um like like uh um like okay you know uh uh collectors, he compiled and supplemented his father's original like uh well I mean well you know um um like uh manuscripts and then translated the entire work from traditional Chinese to English.
Madison Smartt Bell (August 1, 1957 -) was born and raised in Tennessee.
The song, which describes the speaker's desire to retreat well well okay well you know okay um well okay okay from other people to the ocean, is among the most famous works so like well okay like so so like I mean you know of both artists and has been covered by many other notable performers.
Fisher and her mother appear together in' (2016), a documentary about their relationship that premiered at the 2016 Cannes Film Festival.
Because of fear to be delivered to Sowjetunion Backe hang himself in his cell on 6 April 1947.
H. P is also a character in the video game you know um uh so uh well uh uh like um Oh Sir! the insult simulator which is created by Vile Monarch.
The grandson of Tokugawa Yoshikatsu, the last lord so um you know uh like um you know you know uh okay of Owari han, he served as chamberlain during World War okay I mean I mean okay okay I mean like so okay okay II. Yoshihiro was famous for saving the recording of Emperor uh uh you know well I mean I mean you know you know uh so Hirohito's surrender address from destruction by army officials who wished to continue the war.
Priest returns to the city and confronts Monsignor Orelas, you know uh like so okay so I mean uh so well telling him of the burnt train containing the um like uh um like so so uh like like vampires' bodies, which he proves by throwing a vampire head onto the floor.
Carvalho then enrolled at the University of Hawaii on um uh like you know well well um um well so a full football athletic scholarship, where he earned a bachelor's degree in communications and public relations in 1983.
It can be easier to lose than you know okay well I mean like I mean okay so um like a flying disc, especially over long distances: its low profile you know um okay like okay like well so okay you know can make it hard to spot on the ground, and, in particular, it gets caught on tree branches more easily.
Champion of Torm, Dwarven Defender, Pale Master, Red Dragon Disciple, well uh so like I mean okay um so okay okay Shifter, and Weapon Master; and other new features such as uh like okay okay like okay so so so okay the ability to hire two henchman at once and the okay well okay well like okay uh so so well increase of the maximum attainable character level from 20 to 40.
However, in the end McDuff opted to use a uh like like I mean you know um so I mean so well piece of broomstick from his car, he choked Sullivan, and I mean um so um like like you know okay okay um then he and Green dumped her body in some bushes.
During Allama Azmi's stay in the UK, he received so um so uh you know like okay well I mean like an offer to manage the Asharafiya University, generated by Huzoor Hafiz - e - Millat.
The six episode series was filmed in Khoo's Paris kitchen, and began airing on British TV on 19 March 2012.
Some have later chambers that are flared out like a fan, others are shaped like leaves.
Forensic investigators entered the flat as police cordoned I mean like um um like uh well like like okay off the street outside; they recovered one small and two large bottles of vodka from her room.
The 2008 Patriot League Men's Basketball Tournament, a part of so um okay okay um so okay so um you know the 2007 - 08 NCAA Division I men's basketball season, you know um um I mean well so uh I mean well um took place on March 5, 2008 as a single - like uh um um so um uh you know like um elimination tournament, with games being played at the higher seeds' home courts.
The ABC affiliation for the Columbus - Tupelo - so um okay well so um so so um well West Point market will move to the of well so so so okay I mean so I mean okay uh WTVA; before this announcement, Comcast had planned to import an out - of - market ABC affiliate.
Wiebe co-founded the 'Cincinnati Poetry Review' in 1975, and the Cincinnati Writer's Project (CWP) in 1987.
They are known to lurk in crevices among rocky like you know like um you know I mean like like you know I mean debris, feeding on tiny, stray springtails and flies that are blown up the mountainside from lower altitudes.
Iron fittings were excavated on the eastern side of the you know I mean like you know um well well you know um like aforementioned grave, of which further excavation yielded a well - preserved lock.
In the 19th century an oficial archetectural survey declared the you know well so um I mean well like I mean well like spire unsafe and dangerous the Town Council were ordered to take it down or make it safe.
He has reportedly spent thousands to look like the you know well uh uh well like so um so like player. He also captured a little child who pretends to be Shanta's little brother.
In spite of that Russian alternative 2005 Final Festival well um like um you know okay well well like I mean was planned to be presentation of the CD, okay you know well so okay well um uh well okay release date was deelayed up to the May, 2006, um um you know like I mean okay like well I mean like because of the negotiatations with Sony / BMG about track On ne changera Rien by Pleymo.
Taylor Smith is an American basketball player who recently completed so you know okay okay you know you know okay well you know I mean an All - American college career at Stephen F. Austin State University.
He is known for his presence on YouTube um um well like um um I mean well well you know playing bass guitar and session work, performing with Grammy Award so well I mean so like so well I mean um you know - winning R&B artist, Ne - Yo on his fourth studio album.
Alves was in the Tony winning revival of okay okay um okay like so okay so well like 'Anything Goes' with Sutton Foster and Joel Grey. He most so so I mean like okay um I mean okay I mean well recently starred in the 2014 Broadway revival of 'On The Town'.
She was born in Honolulu, Hawaii, and is a graduate of Sarah Lawrence College.
Civil Affairs soldiers are responsible for executing five core CA okay okay um uh you know well like like uh like tasks, Civil Information Management, Foreign Humanitarian Assistance, Nation Assistance, Population and Resource Control, and Support to Civil Administration.
He is best known for writing about security issues you know you know like um you know like well well so well for the 'Washington Post' SecurityFix 'blog, which he founded um um you know you know like like you know um um okay in March 1995, with dozens of his blog articles being printed in the hardcopy' Washington Post' newspaper itself.
She first sells her body to a German okay so uh uh uh well uh so I mean so guard in return for food; she becomes fond of another guard, Karl (Gianni Garko).
Ultimately, they came to the conclusion that the (unnamed) um I mean okay well okay like so you know um uh choice was going to do something 'too glossy' and wanted you know like you know like you know I mean okay um uh uh to present something more nuanced & interesting, and reached out to renowned documentary filmmaker D. A. Pennebaker,.
Edward Richard O'Malley (March 13, 1863 -- May 30, 1935) I mean you know okay I mean okay so I mean so you know um was an American lawyer and politician who was New York well I mean okay um okay okay okay uh so okay Attorney General and as a justice of the New York Supreme Court.
Operating system designer Linus Torvalds has criticized the default file so like you know uh okay uh so I mean okay you know system of OS X, HFS Plus, saying it is uh okay well um you know okay I mean I mean well like 'probably the worst file - system ever', whose design is 'actively corrupting user data'.
M. H. Douglas born as Muhammad Hussain (Arabic / Persian / okay um I mean I mean uh um okay um you know so Urdu: محمد حسین) was a Stunt director, Action Director, Action Co-ordinator who choreographed fight and action scenes for many Bollywood Hits.
Father Came Too! is a British comedy film first released in well I mean well you know so well you know so um uh 1963, starring James Robertson Justice, Stanley Baxter, Leslie Phillips, Sally Smith, Ronnie Barker and Kenneth Cope.
In the summer of 2009, they were once again okay okay like uh you know um I mean you know you know well invited to perform at the Montreal Jazz Fest. In December, well uh like um like so okay so okay okay however, the members announced on their website they had decided to quit as a band.
The one hundredth running of the annual event was held okay I mean like um so um like well well uh in 2009; it was canceled twice due to World War I and lack of organizers in 1918 and 1919.
The Directorate - General for Energy and Transport (DG I mean like uh I mean okay okay um so well uh TREN), in operation since 1 January 2000, was created by um like you know uh so uh okay I mean okay okay merging the Directorate - General for Transport and the Directorate - General for Energy.
Wayne's Coffee is a Swedish - based coffee - uh I mean so you know um okay um you know uh like house chain with locations in several Scandinavian countries as well as futher out into the Baltic region.
At that time the Department of Defence was of relatively little so I mean uh so you know you know um okay I mean uh consequence in the Commonwealth government; each service (Navy, Army and so so you know uh well well well you know okay well Air Force) had its own separate department with its own minister.
It was the worst civilian aviation incident ever to take place I mean uh well like okay well so so um uh in Portugal until the crash of TAP Portugal Flight 425 in 1977.
David Pallett (born 8 February 1990) is an English darts player currently playing in Professional Darts Corporation events.
Sayner is also home to one of the nation's oldest uh well like you know okay I mean um well uh well summer camps, Camp Highlands for Boys, founded in like so you know okay you know okay I mean like like you know 1904, and located on the northeast end of Plum Lake.
She is the Foreign Minister of Somalia, having okay so well you know uh um um like uh like been named to the position on 4 November 2012 by Prime Minister Abdi Farah Shirdon.
On 13 February 2012, 360 and Crystal Bale became engaged; the pair then separated on 24 December 2012.
Samuel Montagu & Co. Became a wholly owned subsidiary in uh okay you know I mean I mean like I mean I mean I mean like 1974, and on completion of the acquisition Midland okay like I mean so you know uh so uh well okay also gained a majority share in Guyerzeller Bank AG in Switzerland.
She married Nathaniel Henry Alcock, a radiologist in 1905, and okay um um well well well well uh well I mean moved to Canada, but he died of cancer and she returned well you know like uh I mean um so well like I mean to Britain and obtained a post at the Plant so you know um um uh well you know um I mean like Pathology Laboratory, Ministry of Agriculture, Kew Gardens, which later moved to Harpenden.
In his second season, he alternated between the I mean like like uh um I mean you know so so you know midfield and forward line, and with several dominant uh um so okay like okay I mean you know okay like performances, he finished runner up in the club best and fairest.
Echo Canyon Dam was built in 1969 - 70, so you know um um um well so um well like and is the farthest downstream dam on the Meadow Valley Wash.
But as the book progresses she becomes more like um uh like so um um like well you know and more violent, blaming Jess for her own deeds.
In 2005, trumpeter Rick Braun covered it on his um like I mean I mean um so uh so like so album 'Yours Truly' and in 2006, the song was covered by Thomas Anders for his swing album 'Songs Forever'.
As a result many tree snail species were hunted to like well uh uh like like I mean um you know um extinction within the first year and these predatory snails continue to represent a threat to the local snail fauna.
Many men took this day as a convenient opportunity to spend you know uh so like like like well I mean I mean well the day drinking in the local pub. As a result, you know well so okay I mean like okay so like you know the original aim of expressing respect and sympathy to women was totally lost.
Devil May Cry 'changed Eva's race from human to angelic, and the character is voiced by Sarah Lafleur.
The Spirit of Atlanta Drum and Bugle Corps is a nonprofit okay you know uh um like uh well so so you know 501 (c) (3) organization that has a Board of um you know so like okay well well so so you know Directors, corps director, and staff assigned to carry out the organization's mission.
Root exudates from AMF host plants grown in a liquid like um um okay so well uh okay I mean okay medium with and without phosphorus have been shown well I mean um I mean okay you know okay like uh well to affect hyphal growth. Spores of 'Gigaspora magarita' were grown in host plant exudates.
A common belief in this community is that you know okay so uh like well um well um uh true features would last longer (this is the meaning like um you know you know you know well okay um um you know of PERSISTENT), short persistence is nothing but noisy, though no mathematical justification is made.
Since 2003 he is full professor at ETH Zurich you know I mean so um okay uh I mean like so so and since 2009 he is the Director of the Institute for Mathematical Research at ETH.
After the break - up of Austria - Hungary in 1918, well I mean um so like so um okay like like the county continued to exist in Czechoslovakia, but it like well so uh um well well uh okay like was abolished in 1928 and replaced by a new territorial unit called the 'Slovak Land'.
Later, Hopkins began to pursue his interest in science, publishing uh okay um um so I mean I mean uh okay well a paper in 'The Entomologist' on the purple vapor ejected you know like okay like um um I mean I mean well okay by the bombardier beetle and taking a job as an analyst in a commercial laboratory.
Paramount Pictures Corporation (known professionally as Paramount Pictures and often okay well uh well like like um um I mean I mean referred to simply as Paramount) is an American film studio based uh well you know uh you know uh uh uh um I mean in Hollywood, California, that has been a subsidiary of the American media conglomerate Viacom since 1994.
Han Jung - soo (한정수) (born November 11, 1973 in um well um like you know I mean you know okay you know well Seoul) is a South Korean actor, best known okay um so um like um I mean well uh well for his roles in the television series 'The Slave Hunters' and 'Prosecutor Princess'.
He found that they were a hit worse I mean so uh um you know um uh um well like than the titanic, so he worked with a Dallas company like um I mean well um well uh so so well to develop the ICEE machine, which took him five years, replicating the consistency in slushy soft drinks.
There are 50 breeds and 80 types of animals in so um okay um uh well I mean uh I mean uh the game, including Pomeranians, lions, crocodiles, tigers, giraffes, hippos, well so like well uh uh um well uh well cheetahs, chimpanzees, gazelles, chickens, Beagles, Dilophosaurus, hyenas, Deinonychus, and Sika deer.
He liberated the central Serbian tribes from Bulgarian empire, concluded um okay so so like like um um you know okay a voluntary confederation with the chiefs of Bosnia / Bosna that brought them out of Croatia's control.
In addition to the adult entertainment industry, Dior also had uh um okay you know you know I mean well you know you know uh some roles in mainstream film and television, including guest well well like um um um you know okay uh um appearances in', 'Head Over Heels', and 'Veronica's Closet', as well as directing an episode of 'Xena'.
There is tension between Stephen and Mulligan, stemming from a cruel okay you know you know um you know uh so well okay you know remark Stephen has overheard Mulligan making about his recently okay um I mean well uh okay um I mean I mean so deceased mother and from the fact that Mulligan has invited an English student, Haines, to stay with them.
It celebrated its fiftieth anniversary in 2007 and in um like I mean okay uh uh uh like like okay July 2010 expressed an interest in converting to an academy.
It was Garlan that dressed in Lord Renly's armor okay you know well well you know so like um um um during the Battle of the Blackwater, and the sight uh um uh um like like like I mean well I mean of what seemed to be a dead man leading you know you know like uh you know like okay so well you know the Tyrell / Lannister host drove many of Stannis' men into panic.
With the backing of the occupying French, Romanian troops invaded Hungary, occupying Budapest on August 6, 1919.
Pugh was born in the British West Indies as uh uh um okay I mean you know um okay uh okay son of a Wesleyan minister, and came to Brisbane from London in 1855.
The Georgia Railroad was built by local contractors Fannin, you know well so you know like so well um okay like Grant & Co in 1845 giving Augusta a okay I mean um so well uh um I mean uh I mean rail link to Atlanta, which connected to the Tennessee River at Chattanooga, Tennessee, thus providing access to the Mississippi River.
The carrier, the USS Nimitz, was nuclear powered, but everything else, you know well like um so um uh I mean like uh including the Nimitz's strike aircraft, ran on a 50: 50 well you know you know you know like so uh like so so mix of petroleum and biofuel derived from cooking oil and algae.
The word 'story' may be used as a you know um uh um um um um I mean well uh synonym of 'narrative', it can also be used to refer to the sequence of events described in a narrative.
The Program is conducted by Jull Weber from Puerto Rico and Hony Estrella from the Dominican Republic.
The cover of the game features Steve Yzerman so okay you know well well like okay um so so and Scott Stevens, and Get Ready For This um so well like like like okay okay um well by 2 Unlimited is used as the okay like I mean uh like I mean well so uh okay game's main theme (for the PC version, the like uh like well okay like so well okay uh game music is done by game composer Jeff van Dyck).
Once reunited with Lucifer, it will become clear that she's so uh like well like well I mean you know okay so the one he takes after. Charlotte is fearless and like okay you know like you know um you know I mean um you know has a strong conviction for who she is and what she deserves.
Mountain Community Television Channel 15 (commonly known as MCTV um uh so you know you know okay I mean um um okay 15) is a small Public - access television cable TV um like okay uh um I mean um so like like station, founded by Diana J. Limjoco, its first Chairman, Exec. Director, Producer.
Julie Amero is a former substitute teacher who was like uh you know uh so so you know um like so previously convicted of four counts of risk of okay well uh so you know um like well um okay injury to a minor, or impairing the morals of well um well uh I mean you know uh well I mean you know a child until on June 6, 2007 she was granted a new trial.
She walked out on their wedding, and she currently okay well uh well like uh I mean well I mean so is single and holds intense anger towards Richard for ruining um uh like um you know um uh um like so their wedding, and also became furious to learn uh okay okay I mean so like um well um so she is pregnant, even though Richard told her he got a vasectomy.
During the Boer war 22, 000 troops were okay um so um uh like um uh so like treated for wounds inflicted during battle and the Medical Department of the army mobilized 151 staff and regimental units.
One of the doctors attending him was the neurosurgeon Hugh uh so like well um okay uh I mean like I mean Cairns who consequently began a long study of what he uh you know I mean well well like so so you know you know saw as the unnecessary loss of life by motorcycle dispatch riders through head injuries.
She sought a place for him to avoid like like well well like like okay so I mean um fighting in the Trojan War, disguising him as a woman in the court of Lycomedes, the king of Scyros.
Harry Binswanger was born and raised in Richmond, Virginia, so I mean so uh well okay I mean I mean um you know and is a scion of Binswanger Glass Co. , founded in 1872 by Samuel Binswanger.
HFC - 227ea contains no chlorine or bromine atoms, you know like okay well I mean so I mean you know okay so presenting no ozone depletion effect, but its global warming potential is quite high.
Modeling mark - recapture data is trending towards a more integrative okay well like I mean I mean so I mean well so so approach, which combines mark - recapture data with population dynamics models and other types of data.
Kaif is a celebrity spokesperson for a number of brands ( including uh I mean well well okay well um I mean you know you know Slice, Nakshatra, Lux, Panasonic and L'Oréal ), and is the first Bollywood actress to inspire a Barbie doll.
North American Area code 614 is the area code for like um uh um I mean so okay well um I mean the Columbus, Ohio metropolitan area; it is one of the original area codes established in 1947.
The Awards is an exciting annual program founded by Ghanaian DJ uh okay okay uh okay well um uh uh okay and Radio presenter, Merqury Quaye. To foster the development of okay I mean well okay so um well um I mean well the Ghana music industry by rewarding and celebrating Radio, Mobile and Club DJs.
Circa 1711, Hamilton's second child and first son James Hamilton was um uh you know I mean okay well like well I mean okay born; he went on to become a mayor of Philadelphia and a governor of the Pennsylvania colony.
The Arga is a river of Navarre, in Spain and is one of the tributaries of the river Ebro.
The Touchdown Club's longest - standing award -- first presented uh okay like um well like well like uh okay to Ohio State's Howard 'Hopalong' Cassady in 1955 uh so well well you know like um like uh um -- is given to the College Football Player of the Year.
Olivia Mcvitie, known as Liv Mcvitie is 19 years old and is one of liverpools top glamour models.
While writing 'The French Lieutenant's Woman', he was working on the okay uh you know um I mean you know okay so you know you know screenplay for the film adaptation of 'The Magus'; 'The uh like um uh like like uh I mean I mean okay Collector' had already been adapted as a film released in 1965, gaining him further popular attention.
Although mainly a novelest, he also wrote several plays, the most famous being 'Yellow Sands'.
Pratt first appeared on the 'BRW' Rich 200 in 2009, well um you know uh well you know I mean well I mean well following the death of his father earlier that year, and uh uh uh well I mean uh well so like uh debuted as the richest person in Australia with a net worth of 4. 3 billion.
As noted above, his former fiancée Garbo lobbied for so well you know I mean well so well um well well Gilbert to co-star with her, and he received a okay so you know uh I mean so so so okay so new seven - year contract with MGM as a uh I mean I mean well well you know I mean um um you know result, but the film failed to revive his career and he died three years later.
Had Kurtzman stayed with 'Mad', he said he would have urged um so like uh like well um you know I mean um Gaines to include advertising, which may have allowed for higher production values, such as color interiors.
The 1st century Greek rhetorician and historian Dionysius of Halicarnassus um you know uh okay um uh um um uh like indicates that the Roman institution of slavery began with like I mean so you know uh uh okay so okay like Romulus giving Roman fathers the right to sell their own like so you know okay you know well well um um okay children into slavery, and kept growing with the expansion of the Roman state.
She attended Saint Mary's High School in Phoenix, Arizona, and attended well okay um um so like well okay um you know the University of Arizona State, where she was the okay well I mean so uh well I mean I mean uh um starting pitcher her freshman year and helped to lead uh so um okay so okay like so well okay the Sun Devils to the 2011 NCAA Division I national softball title.
He certainly knew 60 foreign languages, but his contemporaries, friends and scientists, claimed he knew many more.
The main transmitter is now located on the ridge between Cullowhee uh uh like um you know like like you know uh uh and Waynesville, while there is a construction permit for you know well so uh I mean I mean well like like I mean booster station WWCU - FM1 in Cullowhee itself, which I mean like uh um you know well um I mean uh okay is somewhat blocked from the main signal by terrain shielding.
At the age of 13 he read Thomas's Elpis Israel you know you know uh I mean well you know I mean like like well and was subsequently baptised in 1853 at the age of 14 in the River Dee and joined the 'Baptised Believers'.
Winnie, whose Chinese name is Weili, was forced to I mean okay well you know you know well um well you know uh live with her Uncle and his two wives (New like you know so you know um I mean like I mean um uh Aunt and Old Aunt) and never felt as loved as her uncle's true daughter, Weili's cousin, Peanut.
According to Mnaseas, again cited in Athenaeus, Glaucus abducted Syme well I mean well okay uh well um um um um on a journey back from Asia, and had the island Syme named like you know okay I mean so okay you know like well okay after her; according to Aeschrion of Samos, Glaucus was the lover of the semi-historical Hydne.
Since the end of 'the browsers wars' there well well I mean uh okay okay okay you know I mean so have been new browsers coming onto the scence, uh I mean you know um uh I mean I mean uh you know um many of these are open source meaning that they okay okay I mean uh so I mean I mean uh okay uh tend to have faster development and are more supportive of new standards.
A chalice may be placed on an altar so I mean you know so uh I mean well well so well or on the ground and may contain wine, whisky, water, or other liquids.
Mark Rutherford Upper School is an upper school located like um you know well like so I mean uh okay um on Wentworth Drive in Bedford, England, named in honour okay um uh I mean you know so well so I mean okay of the writer William Hale White who used 'Mark Rutherford' as a pseudonym.
In each episode, Rachael prepares dishes from start to like so well you know like so okay so so you know finish in 30 minutes or less and offers tips on how to save time during cooking.
In 2012, Nieto was sponsored by The New like uh like so you know you know well you know um okay York Athletic Club and focused on making the Olympic well like so like so uh so okay well you know Team, training at the Olympic Training Center in Chula Vista, California.
Although he had planned an active post-presidency, in 1994 Reagan like you know okay well well you know you know like like well disclosed his diagnosis with Alzheimer's disease earlier that year, you know so uh you know like um you know okay I mean you know appearing publicly for the last time at the funeral of Richard Nixon.
In general it avoids human contact, but one fatality uh you know okay uh I mean I mean you know I mean well so is reported from a bite in 1983 when a Papuan woman was bitten and later died from an infection.
In the summer of 2010, a massive reconstruction you know okay well I mean you know um I mean okay well uh of the venue was started, new side um uh you know like like um so um like you know sectors with roof covers were built and the media you know well well well you know well um like um okay sectors were expanded in order to meet the UEFA guidelines for Champions League matches.
After graduation, Holly's desire for a challenge led her you know so I mean so uh um so like I mean like to dive into the exciting and ever - changing world of well um so okay um I mean um well I mean you know IT, where she worked with Fortune 500 companies nationwide, staffing their tech departments.
Shepherd was investigated for financial misappropriation and mishandling, during which okay well so um um well well you know like um time it was discovered that in addition to his okay okay so okay okay okay um uh like well overspending, Shepherd had given preference to neighborhoods and areas of you know so like um um you know um well you know you know the District in which he or his political cronies held financial interests.
He received a yellow card, upheld on appeal, in the quarter well well so uh like you know okay um um well - final match against Denmark; this meant that Nedvěd would miss I mean so like I mean like you know okay you know okay like the final if he received another yellow card in the semifinal against Greece.
That branch was completed in May 1900 but by I mean okay like like okay um uh um so like 1911, another line diverted traffic once served by the Columbia Southern and the town begin to decline.
A POJI corresponds to a Java standard interface and well you know like like well well you know I mean so like is usually used to interfaces that are used in the JEE context to provide services.
Produced by Pawan Kalyan and Sharath Marar jointly under their you know like uh well I mean okay so like well I mean banners Pawan Kalyan Creative Works and Northstar Entertainment Pvt. Ltd I mean so you know um you know okay you know you know so okay. In association with Eros International, it is so uh I mean so okay so um uh you know so the sequel of Kalyan earlier film 'Gabbar Singh' (2012).
Unlike at Truk, when the fast carrier force achieved I mean uh uh um you know I mean I mean you know okay um surprise and Japanese air forces could not muster a counter-attack, the well so so okay uh well so okay like you know enemy knew that the Americans were coming; this time a uh you know I mean uh um you know you know you know um um Japanese air attack force would contest US Navy ambitions.
It was then sold by Gompers to the American War Mothers, like like like well I mean um you know well I mean so also known as the Gold Star Mothers because their uh uh well like um you know I mean so well I mean display of a flag with a blue star for a like okay well I mean so um so like you know so son on active service and a gold star for a son who had been killed in action.
Kraven, realizing how useful Gog can be, decides to uh like well well well well so you know okay uh use him in a plot to conquer the Savage Land; after like you know I mean so uh so you know okay like you know kidnapping the visiting Gwen Stacy from a camp in the like okay so um like I mean um you know okay you know Savage Land, Kraven and Gog battle the heroes Ka - Zar and Spider - Man.
The sole church of the Parish of Westville, I mean so so you know like well you know you know like you know St Elizabeth's Anglican Church is an Anglican Church okay you know okay uh like like you know like um uh within the Diocese of Natal and furthermore under the Church of the Province of Southern Africa.
Khrushchev had been rapidly promoted by Kaganovich okay like I mean so you know so so um I mean okay through various senior posts until 1929 when he moved to Moscow to continue his education, which he never completed.
The Commandant then becomes interested in Lisa, and he I mean like uh so I mean so well so uh well is amazed by her broken spirit and whatever he does okay well so like uh I mean okay I mean I mean you know to torture her does not demoralise her as she you know you know well well like you know um okay so okay is already mentally dead, the Commantant becomes angry and burns her best friend in a pit of lime.
The Albuquerque Museum, New Mexico Museum of Natural well I mean like well um okay like I mean so okay History and Science, National Atomic Museum, and Explora! are located just to the west of Old Town.
The body was of pressed steel, incorporating a okay so okay uh like uh you know well like uh box - section chassis with torsion - bar suspension um I mean well I mean well you know like like I mean you know on all wheels (independent at the front) and internal gear - and - pinion steering.
The first export Hawk 50 flew on 17 May um um okay uh I mean uh okay I mean like I mean 1976, this variant had been specifically designed for the dual you know uh I mean um um well like um you know um - role of lightweight fighter and advanced trainer; it had a greater weapons capacity than the T. 1.
Mahon became the club's chairman in 1892, overseeing the ground move well you know I mean well you know I mean well okay so so and remained a board member after resigning from the post in 1895.
The fifth floor is off limits to hotel guests, it also does not have a button on the elevator panel.
He was the lead singer and songwriter for Junkhouse, like well um you know well so you know you know okay uh one of Canada's most successful alternative rock bands I mean so I mean I mean uh so you know you know you know so in the 1990s, and also collaborated with Stephen Fearing well so like you know you know I mean so so like I mean and Colin Linden in the folk 'supergroup' Blackie and the Rodeo Kings.
During the 1950s, he worked steadily in movies I mean so like um I mean so okay well uh well and television, and in the early 1960s, he majored in music at the Carnegie Institute of Technology.
In the worst case, this may lead to a like I mean um like um like like so like okay cascading series of shut downs and a major regional blackout, uh so like like like uh you know uh well okay such as occurred in the US Northeast blackouts of you know you know you know so well I mean um you know um well 1965, 1977, 2003, and major blackouts in other US regions in 1996 and 2011.
Napa Gamay is not related to the famous Gamay of like I mean like like okay well well well okay like Beaujolais, and the name is being phased out and will not be allowed on California wine labels after 2007.
GM believed in the standardization of its products, that uh so okay uh well okay so you know okay okay were sold to either individuals or to the corporations of like uh well okay like um you know you know well uh an entire industry, while the railroads at the I mean you know you know so uh okay okay uh you know okay time, still had a veritable, 'handicraft' industry of motive power (locomotive) design and construction.
In 1774, the courthouse was the site of local uh you know um um like okay so okay so well preparation for the first assembly of the Virginia well uh okay you know you know you know well okay um like Convention and it considered grievances against British rule and the uh um I mean like well um okay well uh I mean 'Hanover Resolves' adopted at the meeting also supported the Boston Tea Party.
It is the cleanest village in Kerala, and it can be accessed from both MC Road and NH 47.
They accused the elected government of massive corruption, abuse of well okay I mean okay I mean so I mean like you know okay power for their own advantage, and charged several cabinet members, including Chatichai, with 'unusual wealth'.
The Red River Rebellion of 1869 broke out, resulting in the well so so um you know so uh I mean uh um 'Manitoba Act' and that province's entry into the Canadian Confederation.
Other nearby towns are Sorano, Pitigliano, Acquapendente and Orvieto, with Onano to the northwest.
People gather at tea houses to chat, socialize, and enjoy um uh like like um you know you know well well like tea, and young people often meet at tea houses for dates.
Vonda N. McIntyre, daughter of H. Neel and um you know so um okay uh I mean like so um Vonda B. Keith McIntyre, spent her early childhood on like okay I mean like I mean uh you know uh like you know the east coast of the United States and in The you know you know I mean like so like um you know well well Hague, Netherlands, before her family settled in Seattle in the early 1960s.
Freight service on the Gladstone Branch is limited, but there like um so uh um you know like like okay well is some, especially in Berkeley Heights. There the usual I mean you know uh like like okay okay like you know uh once a week freight train (Norfolk Southern), stops at Rehels chemical plant.
San Francisco enacted the same ban, and similar ones have uh like okay so um I mean I mean well um okay been proposed or considered in other cities or states across the country.
Stephanie Lynn 'Stevie' Nicks (born May 26, 1948) is an I mean well like so you know um um you know okay like American singer - songwriter who is best known for her you know so well um well like uh well uh well work with Fleetwood Mac, and for her chart - topping solo career.
It included the entire party and many of the fruit I mean like um um I mean so you know uh uh uh vendors. Several people died, due to a fatal blow to the head, from one of Roderick Humphery's watermelons.
It was formed during several episodes of quaternary I mean like well okay like um so well like well glaciation when sea levels were much lower - the analysis of stalactites okay so okay well well um you know well you know um found in Great Blue Hole shows that formation took place I mean so uh um well I mean well I mean you know you know 153, 000, 66, 000, 60, 000, and 15, 000 years ago.
Joseph Christopher Carter (born March 7, 1960) is a you know I mean so um um well okay I mean like uh former outfielder and first baseman in Major League Baseball who played from to.
The G20 and its counterparts replaced the original Chevrolet well uh like okay okay well like you know uh um Corvair Greenbrier Van in the late 60s the model line well I mean um uh so well well I mean I mean uh evolved until it was replaced in 1996 by the Chevrolet Express.
Luljeta Bitri (born June 27, 1976) better known by her I mean okay okay you know you know okay uh uh okay um stage name Luli Bitri, is an Albanian Actress, often cited for okay uh you know like uh uh uh so um well her striking presence and ability to breathe authentic life into the roles she plays.
The Brickley Engine is a patented proposal for the uh so um well I mean okay I mean I mean you know you know design of an internal combustion engine which in one uh well you know so you know um you know okay well like embodiment uses opposing pistons driving a central linkage mechanism which turns the crankshaft with a single connecting rod.
About 20 % of the cases of polyhydramnios are associated uh um you know I mean you know uh uh um okay um with fetal anomalies that impairs the ability of the fetus like I mean so well I mean so like well like you know to swallow (because the fetus normally swallows amniotic fluid and absorbs it through its intestinal villi).
When Mackinac College closed in 1970, TV evangelist so I mean like like so so well like well okay Rex Humbard purchased the building as part of a nondenominational Bible well um um okay well uh like so so well college, then began using the theater and other buildings as a vacation resort.
He describes these as relatively arbitrary choices, mediated you know like okay I mean you know uh you know okay well uh by cultural norms and traditions, identifying 'masculinity versus feminity' well okay um well I mean you know you know uh well I mean as one of five basic dimensions in his theory of cultural dimensions.
This duo, Foster & Lloyd, received a recording contract with so uh like like well like like so so well RCA Records Nashville that year; between 1986 and 1990, they um like you know you know okay I mean you know um uh okay would record three studio albums and charted nine singles on the country charts.
He kept a journal that was published in 1807, the first I mean um like so I mean I mean um you know well okay published journal from the expedition; in it, he coined the term 'Corps of Discovery'.
The Machu Picchu arboreal chinchilla rat, 'Cuscomys oblativus', so well um well um okay so so okay like is a large species of South American chinchilla rats, known you know uh so um you know like so uh well I mean from remains found in 1912, buried alongside people in ancient Inca tombs at Machu Picchu in Peru.
Ultimately it is revealed that the murderer was um okay uh um um I mean like I mean okay I mean indeed acting under the influence of Jacko Argyle, and uh okay uh well um so so I mean you know I mean that the failure of Jacko's (carefully planned) alibi was, in you know um so um uh so you know like well like hindsight, an ironic stroke of fate when the police failed to locate the absent Calgary.
Born in San Antonio, Texas in 1954, his I mean well uh so well you know like you know like I mean family moved to the Chicago suburb of Highland Park in 1964.
Private Badel Hernández Guzmán, from the town of uh okay like um okay um well you know okay okay Humacao, Puerto Rico, was assigned to Company I, 65th Infantry Regiment, 3d Infantry Division.
Their musical journey started very early in life as uh I mean I mean so okay uh well um uh you know both started singing at Sunday school and through basic education so okay okay okay well like I mean well uh well and also performing in various high schools and participating um so okay like okay I mean I mean uh so okay at occasions in their birth region, the duo temporarily moved to Accra where they eventually met.
After leaving St. George, I - 15 continues northeast and like okay okay I mean um um okay so um um passes through the northern part of the city of you know uh like I mean well so um um well um Washington, with interchanges at Green Springs Drive, Washington Parkway, and State Street (SR - 9).
The chassis were then bodied by coach - builders such as 'Million well like so okay like well well like uh like Guillet' in Paris and the exclusive finished models were badged as 'Rougier'.
It was more of a hit and run tank it could do 50kph easy.
Bolt Thrower announced that as they were satisfied well so okay I mean like well I mean like like I mean with the 'Those Once Loyal' album, they will be like like I mean like uh so like I mean so so indefinitely postponing the recording of another LP, as their goal was always to stop after releasing 'the perfect Bolt Thrower album'.
SU - 122 were used in numerous battles on um uh okay um you know well like well um well the Eastern Front including Battle of Kursk (Battle of um uh like so so you know uh um uh okay Prokhorovka, they also took part in recapturing of Orel and in the subsequent pursuit) and Fourth Battle of Kharkov.
Rapid growth of industry drastically changed the city itself - like well okay uh so well well you know uh okay by the early 1960s the population exceeded the 100, 000 mark you know okay well um okay um um uh you know you know (three times bigger than the pre-World War II population), well you know you know uh I mean you know like okay well so and by 1970 it became the largest city in the Vologda Oblast ahead of Vologda itself.
Skarbek showed her penchant for stratagem when she and well okay well you know uh so um you know uh uh Kowerski were arrested by the Gestapo in January 1941; and you know like like so so like like okay um you know she won their release, feigning symptoms of pulmonary tuberculosis by biting her tongue until it bled.
In 2011, he played for the Lake Elsinore Storm of uh well so I mean okay okay like you know so I mean the Class A-Advanced California League setting single - season club okay um okay um well like okay uh okay uh records with 22 home runs and 111 RBIs, and was named a postseason All - Star.
According to Watanabe, the Soka Gakkai has uh like well like okay I mean like um okay I mean rocked established notions and hierarchies in Japan from so uh okay okay um I mean uh um I mean okay its earliest years when Makiguchi questioned the imperial I mean well uh you know um well uh like so um system along with established institutions such as public education, the military, and clerical authority.
Shi Qian stole the innkeeper's mother hen and was well like uh I mean um okay you know so I mean um caught by the Zhus but Yang Xiong and Shi Xiu escaped.
The Virginia classics are a traveling softball team in the so you know okay you know okay I mean so so okay you know Hampton roads area of Virginia there a 4 year softball team.
Udonis Johneal Haslem (born June 9, 1980) is um uh I mean uh well you know you know uh okay like an American professional basketball player who is currently a free agent in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Brandon Pirri (born April 10, 1991) is a Canadian professional ice like okay okay um um I mean uh well I mean well hockey centre, currently playing in the Chicago Blackhawks organization.
The Bears looked to improve upon their 6 -- you know so um you know you know I mean well okay so well 10 record from 2015; however, they suffered a I mean uh like you know so okay okay so like um second consecutive 0 -- 3 start, and you know well like uh um so okay uh so well were plagued by injuries to 11 of their 22 starting players by week 13.
Within months of his first arrest, Pérez was involved in uh you know well like um so um I mean well you know a trashed - hotel - room incident; he and two um I mean I mean like you know okay okay well uh like members of Selena y Los Dinos were intoxicated so like okay so well okay I mean uh um so and began wrestling in a room, breaking the door and punching holes in the walls.
The book is the longest running coin price guide; the first edition, dated 1947, went on sale November 1946.
Liberty Hall also went by the name of Alfred um you know I mean I mean uh like um you know I mean uh Hardy & Son Blacksmith Shop, was a small brick building located on Route 79 in the small section of Morganville.
Males arrive earlier than females at breeding sites to uh you know uh uh well you know um so um so establish territories because defending territories with more nesting sites and food usually attract more females.
The County Hall is a 16 - storey office block well okay like well well well well okay okay so owned by Cork County Council and housing its administrative headquarters, uh so um uh like you know um you know um like the building is located in Carrigrohane Road in the city of Cork.
Dewey - Hagborg's 'Totem' (2010) was a site - well okay like uh you know okay um uh like well specific multimedia sculpture: an idol designed to explore the okay okay okay so so um like I mean like so implications of language and artificial intelligence using machine learning technology.
Later, Liz tells Jack not interfere in her relationship um um um well okay so well like okay like with Carol, as she believes she has the perfect relationship with well like um like like I mean um okay so uh him and reveals that she is imitating well okay I mean I mean like like well well like um her life as chef Ina Garten of the Food Network show 'Barefoot Contessa'.
During this second explosion instead of taking cover Tara scrambles so so uh like well um um so well uh for her pain pills and Wolfe seeing this later confronts her about being an addict, though she swears she is fine.
On June 6, 2010 a weak tornado touched down and damaged well well um you know okay you know okay um I mean so the Fermi 2 generator building and forced an automatic shutdown leaving like I mean so you know okay so so I mean you know so over 30, 000 people without power in the area.
In the 'Yellow Emperor's Inner Canon', there are 9 kind um so I mean I mean I mean okay okay like you know like of needles, the needle most common used is 7th which is seen in any acupuncture clinic now.
Various elements and obstacles are introduced as one moves on you know you know okay well okay well um uh like I mean to new levels, which means that the complexity and level well you know well so I mean you know okay okay uh okay of puzzle solving required gradually increases as they progress through the game.
John E. Kellerd played 'Hamlet' for 102 performances so um um I mean so well I mean uh like well in 1912 - 13, arguably Some disclaim Kellerd's record um uh um like you know like so uh well so because he played other parts in repertory during the run.
The majority of victims seeking advice are female and okay okay okay uh like you know you know I mean uh so aged between 18 and 23; it can have harmful okay so you know you know uh uh so um like um effects on a girl's education and development, and may expose girls to social isolation or abuse.
Cravat (1935 -- 1954) was an American record - setting Thoroughbred like so like uh like um so you know you know I mean racehorse who won races on both dirt and turf okay uh well like like like um well so um that today are Grade 1 events and in the uh well like I mean okay I mean I mean I mean um like U. S. Triple Crown series, finished second in the Preakness Stakes and third in the Belmont Stakes.
Masood was known to police due to a number of prior criminal um okay you know uh okay I mean you know well I mean uh convictions, the oldest conviction was criminal damage in you know I mean well um okay well uh like I mean so 1983 and the most recent was knife possession in December 2003.
The following season he went on to play twentyone like okay you know you know like you know um you know okay uh games, scoring fifteen goals for the North well okay well you know uh I mean like okay so you know Wales club before signing an eighteen month contract with The New Saints on 19 January 2010.
Currently there are very few Jews in Kosovo, according to Čeda Prlinčević, the leader of Pristina's small Jewish community.
Data input required intermediate processing via punched paper tape like you know okay like well well okay uh okay um or card and separate input to a repetitive, labor intensive task, removed from user control and error - prone.
The Nevada City Downtown Historic District is a historic district you know uh so I mean I mean uh you know well okay uh in Nevada City, California that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
It is easy to get involved in the okay so well uh okay so okay well um well fiesta even not knowing the language and to so uh so I mean okay you know um well uh you know live the Carnival and on Saturday everyone wears a um um okay um you know well I mean um okay okay costume, which many times is related to the most polemical news.
He won a pair of tune - up fights, then like so uh I mean you know um I mean okay like well faced contender Oba Carr in February 1999 where Carr beat him on a 10 - round unanimous decision.
To assist in garnering public support for her projects, well okay um um uh you know so well uh like she founded and was president of the Michigan Parks Association, a group well um like okay I mean uh well like I mean uh that was instrumental in passing a 100 million dollar state bond issue for parks and recreation in 1969.
The 2008/09 season saw the addition of a team from I mean um okay like uh you know um so well okay Logan, Queensland, the first team from South - East Queensland in over 10 years.
Various types of ceremonial pipes have been used like um so like uh so um like well I mean by multiple Native American cultures, with the style of um like like like well well like so you know I mean pipe, materials smoked, and ceremonies being unique to the distinct religions of those nations.
It was built in 1837 and closed down ten years okay so okay uh like um like I mean um uh later, but during the American Civil War the furnace came into use again.
In 1919 her family moved to Chicago and she you know uh so uh okay so you know well you know well began studying piano; in the 1920s she began taking gigs in clubs and broadcast on radio.
The majority of LBP does not have a clear cause but I mean you know you know like well um I mean okay uh okay is believed to be the result of non-serious muscle or skeletal problems such as sprains or strains.
It featured live performances of Pakistani singers Ali Azmat, okay like you know uh well you know uh um I mean you know Faakhir Mehmood, Ali Zafar alongside Overload band. The Crowd was sold out and spectators enjoyed the closing ceremony.
The red - staining inocybe was first described by like uh like I mean well okay okay you know okay okay Axel Gudbrand Blytt in 1904 as 'Inocybe erubescens', though uh like so um so you know um I mean um well was widely known for many years as 'I. Patouillardii', named okay like you know okay so I mean you know so um you know by Italian Giacomo Bresadola in 1905 after the French botanist Narcisse Théophile Patouillard.
Designed by WZMH Architects, the building is listed as being so like like well you know okay so well well so 28 stories tall, though the tower / observation deck extends above okay um well um well you know so um you know well the 28 office floors (claimed to be approximately 44 stories in total).
Third, Haplogroup C4 is the predominant male lineage among the like so you know you know like like well uh I mean okay indigenous Australians and Haplogroup C5, which is found at an extremely low frequency in South Asia.
Calvin Hill (born January 2, 1947in the Turners Station okay you know um um so uh I mean um so you know neighborhood of Dundalk, Maryland) was a running back with so I mean you know okay like well I mean well okay I mean a 12 year National Football League career from 1969 to 1981.
He studied at the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts so okay you know like so like um well so like in Philadelphia, then joined a United States government survey expedition on the Pacific coast.
The family was then exiled and briefly gathered in Portugal, I mean like okay uh you know I mean you know I mean like so where her parents decided to separate; she and her siblings went you know well um um I mean I mean well like um you know with their mother to Switzerland while their father remained in Portugal.
The 5th Animation Nation festival will be held from um you know you know I mean so like you know so okay okay 24 October to 2 November 2008 at Alliance Française you know uh I mean like I mean so uh um okay you know de Singapour and the National Museum of Singapore's Gallery Theatre.
The complex was opened in 1965 and the larger, ice so so like I mean like uh okay so so you know hockey arena has a seating capacity of 7, 000 people.
The availability of timber also influenced the style of architecture with I mean like um I mean okay okay um you know well I mean timber buildings prevailing in Scandinavia, and the availability of timber methods of roof construction across Europe.
Leslie Lemke was prematurely born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin with glaucoma, cerebral palsy, and brain damage.
Marathon County (UWMC), part of the University of Wisconsin Colleges, uh okay so um well I mean uh uh like well is a two - year campus of the University of I mean I mean um so uh you know I mean well so um Wisconsin System located near downtown Wausau, Wisconsin, United States, adjacent to Marathon Park.
Tatarkiewicz educated generations of Polish philosophers, estheticians and well okay you know you know uh well I mean like okay uh art historians, as well as interested laymen, and posthumously well you know so um I mean um um like so um continues to do so through his famous three - volume 'History you know I mean well well like uh well you know like you know of Philosophy' ( Polish: 'Historia filozofii' ) and numerous other works.
In 1947, archaeologist John Goggin described the three periods um okay okay uh I mean well like uh like um after examining shell mounds on Matecumbe Key, Gordon Pass near modern - um okay you know so I mean you know I mean okay um like day Naples, and south of Lake Okeechobee near modern - day Belle Glade.
Use a of variety of delivery methods and learning um um so you know like so I mean um um well approaches, including lecture, discussion, hands - on activities, projects, cases, um well I mean well well like I mean um okay well internet - based interaction, etc. These should be accessible okay I mean I mean well uh uh you know uh okay like to students with a wide range of abilities, backgrounds, and previous experiences.
In the', Gaudapada established Advaita or non-dualism on a philosophical you know you know um uh okay I mean so I mean I mean okay basis purely on rational grounds ( 'upapatti' ) - independent of scriptural revelation.
They received an at - large bid in the 2011 NCAA um so well okay okay you know so so well um Men's Division I Basketball Tournament where they were upset in the second round by Richmond.
This was the 56th running of the Daytona 500, the most prestigious race in all of NASCAR.
Khurram tries to return back to the camp okay well like you know you know uh uh I mean uh okay from the battle but takes long time to reach as I mean well well you know you know okay um okay so like he forgets his way and Mumtaz Mahal dies while giving birth to her nineteenth child.
Using regular troops, then with help of the intelligence service, the allied like uh like so like you know okay um okay well forces faced him on the road to Amba Alagi, and specifically, in proximity of Cherù.
V - ships is one of the world's largest like like um so um so you know okay so I mean ship management companies operated in Monaco and is the okay uh so um I mean you know okay um so okay current Operator of the QE2, on behalf of Nackeal the company will over see the refit of the ship.
Major mistakes, such as a rider going off - I mean okay okay like so um I mean uh okay well pattern, result in disqualification, also called a 'no score,' which okay um okay I mean okay um um okay like like prevents the horse from earning any award, even if it is the only horse in the class.
As a stopgap measure, the Israelis recommended rebooting I mean like like so uh uh well I mean okay you know the system's computers regularly, however, Army officials did not understand how often they needed to do so.
Ray inadvertently recalls a beloved corporate mascot from I mean well I mean like so uh so so well um his childhood -- 'something that could never, ever possibly destroy us' you know I mean okay okay okay uh you know okay like you know -- and the destructor arrives in the form of a giant Stay Puft Marshmallow Man and attacks the city.
The Nazis forbade her to sing the song and well well well um uh well you know like well uh perform on stage ever again, after this the song went over to the Allied side, where it also became popular.
Millenia Singapore is a commercial and business area in the uh I mean uh okay so so I mean so I mean um Downtown Core and sits of land reclaimed in the 1970s from Marina Bay.
He was allowed to return to South Africa in 1919, so uh like um like so so well well I mean to the house his daughter, Emily Booth, had built some so I mean well you know I mean I mean well well you know so considerable distance from Cape Town, which discouraged him from any active involvement in African affairs.
After it worked twice, the Iowa Hawkeyes blocked the uh well um okay like like you know um um I mean third attempt; the resulting great field position led to Iowa so um you know you know okay okay like uh um okay taking the lead, breaking a 20 -- 20 tie on route to a 30 -- 27 win.
The British government suspected that Rhodes knew that the so okay like so you know you know um um like so gold was depleted and that Rhodes' primary aim was to settle I mean so like like so I mean like I mean um uh Mashonaland and Matabeleland all along, and after that and well well um um uh I mean I mean so okay you know the Jameson Raid on the Transvaal he was not trusted to the same extent.
The 1965 National Football League Championship game was the 33rd championship you know well um you know I mean um you know uh uh uh game for the NFL, played on January 2, 1966, at Lambeau Field in Green Bay, Wisconsin.
There is an exceptional marble fireplace, as well as a marble you know I mean okay um okay okay so I mean I mean um - topped bar counter, and altogether 50 different types of uh like you know like so you know like uh uh like marble are used, with paired marble Corinthian pilasters supporting so I mean okay so like okay uh I mean I mean well the opulent ceiling, and even the chimney and the saloon walls are lined with marble.
Roosevelt decided to seat the all - white you know well uh uh uh I mean okay okay so well delegation, and he ran a 'lily - white' campaign in the South in 1912.
Later in the same year he purchased the 'Herald & um well uh like um well um I mean okay um Tribune' in Jonesborough, Tennessee and was a delegate to uh uh uh um uh well so you know um like the Republican National Convention in 1880, 1884, 1896, 1900, and 1904.
Nedunj Cheliyan III is referred to as the most uh okay like okay okay like I mean um you know like popular warrior among the Early Pandyas, winning a battle at Talaialanganam against like well you know so like okay uh like so um a coalition of forces from Cholas and Cheras and five other kingdoms.
It has an elevation gain of and is normally open from June through mid-November.
In the 1980s and 1990s, the program was known uh okay uh so you know uh okay okay uh well as The Walt Disney World Very Merry Christmas Parade or the Walt Disney World Christmas Day Parade.
Although not allowed out of Samsun, Americans like um well like I mean like um well so you know okay relief worker Gertude Athony observed the nearby village of Kadıköy I mean you know so you know so like uh like you know you know being systematically looted and its residents as well as so uh um uh uh well um okay you know like those from other affected villages fled to Samsun for refuge.
Newlands School FCJ, Middlesbrough is a mixed Catholic, state school in Middlesbrough, North East England.
Wendy Schaal (born July 2, 1954) is an American so I mean well okay like so uh I mean uh I mean actress and voice actress who is best known as uh okay um okay like uh um like okay like the voice of Francine Smith in the TV series 'American Dad!'.
