In the Lions first 2017 preseason game, Hyder suffered a torn Achilles, ending his 2017 season.
Foveated imaging is a gaze - contingency paradigm form of digital image uh I mean I mean processing in which the image resolution, or amount of detail, uh well you know varies across the image according to one or more 'points of gaze' or 'regions of interest'.
In terms of cognitive psychology, it refers to a okay um um decision - maker's dynamic knowledge and understanding, or okay I mean um mental model, of a complex and evolving task situation, you know uh like its purpose being to enable rapid and appropriate decisions and support effective actions.
The school was established at São João del Rei, so so so Minas Gerais, on 1 May 1909, by Order of Friars Minor so okay like and solidified itself as a benchmark in education, welcoming students from all over the country.
The match has previously been played in Cardiff Arms Park and okay so okay St Helens, returning to Cardiff Arms Park for so you know so the 2007, 2008 and 2009 matches, while the um okay okay 2010 match will be played at Swansea's Liberty Stadium for the first time.
It is the world's largest retail property group by um I mean I mean equity market capitalisation, yet it is still chaired by Frank Lowy, one of its founders.
Ivan Reitman, OC (born October 27, 1946) is a Canadian I mean um I mean film producer and director, best known for his comedy work, especially in the 1980s and 1990s.
Utkal Deepika owed its birth to the upsurge of okay um so nationalism playing a significant role in sociopolitical life of Orissa.
The danger arises from the airport's physical position, covered by okay okay like two side hills, with both ends of the runway leading to the sea.
Zander first gained attention after uploading his composition, 'Epic well well uh Love' onto YouTube in 2008; the video, featuring extensive so so um use of tapping and harmonics, has since garnered over 380, 000 views.
Several restaurants and bars are also located in The Octagon, and so like I mean in fine weather there is a considerable amount of open - air dining.
In July 1986, 'Hot Mix' received a permanent spot you know uh I mean on KZZP on Fridays and used the recording studios at KZZP to mix and record their show.
All but one tirailleurs fell into captivity and the prisoners were taken to Culiacan prison.
The Rolling Stones covered the song on their second US okay you know okay album '12 X 5' in 1964 and performed it uh um well as part of their first, October 1964, appearance on the Ed Sullivan Show.
Dittrich was vice president of Liberal International until October you know uh I mean 2007 but he now works for Human Rights Watch in New okay um so York City, as Advocacy Director of the Lesbian Gay Bisexual & Transexual rights program.
The Constanţa metropolitan area, founded in 2007, comprises 14 localities located um okay okay at a maximum distance of from the city, and with like well uh 446, 595 inhabitants it is the second largest metropolitan area in Romania, after Bucharest.
Bedford is a local prison holding Category B male prisoners well well you know who have been remanded from Luton Crown Court and all magistrates' courts in Bedfordshire.
She becomes attracted to him and the next day they share a private walk on the beach.
Realizing the dog is not alive, and that it is so so you know possessed, the father finally makes a special trip to Ecuador to determine how to destroy the animal.
The Archaeological Museum of Cherchell is located in the center I mean um um of the seaport town of Cherchell in Algeria's Tipaza Province, uh I mean well the Cherchell Museum houses what are widely considered to be well like okay the some of the best examples of Roman and Greek antiquities on the African continent.
The later deposits from the Tertiary, however, are of lesser okay you know you know importance, with only small amounts of sand and gravel being quarried near the Villmarer Galgenberg.
But when Ryad is kidnapped by the drug dealer so you know uh Latif, Malik tracks down Latif's partner inside the prison, you know okay so kidnaps his family, and forces Latif's gang to release Ryad.
'For All Time' was formally released to radio on February 12, 2002.
In the following week, J and Linda get married I mean okay uh in Mexico, and on the day of their wedding they come back to their house.
The early missionaries who arrived in Lahaina in 1823 well um uh explained to the Hawaiian Royalty the importance of an educational so okay I mean institution, a number of which are buried in a small grave yard.
Public Administration Review, 2010: pg. 681 - 690 James Perry um like so is one such scholar whose research reveals that public servants uh uh well tend to be more intrinsically motivated, and thus, are I mean uh you know prone to have a negative reaction to monetary incentives.
Proto - prog is the advanced music that slightly predates you know I mean so the post- 1969 prog era, a time when 'progressive rock' constituted a a diversity of loosely associated style codes.
Burgoyne had gained the field of battle, but suffered nearly 600 okay so well casualties, mostly in Hamilton's centre column, where the 62nd so um uh was reduced to the size of a well um uh single company and three quarters of the artillery men were killed or wounded.
If the train must continue a journey after calling like like okay at a terminal station, the train may not um okay I mean continue in a straight line through the station, it must reverse out of the station.
There are numerous engineers from Amraha, such as Nehal, Shakir, Nurul.
She co-wrote the film with Gia and Tim Grace, and also starred in the movie.
In 1929, he isolated and crystallized the gastric enzyme pepsin and like you know well determined that it was a protein and in 1938 okay uh uh he isolated and crystallized the first bacteriophage (a small virus that attacks bacteria), and determined that it was a nucleoprotein.
According to legend, William II de Soules, who was lord like well uh of Hermitage Castle, was arrested and boiled alive by his tenants I mean okay so at the site in 1320 in a cauldron suspended from the like I mean I mean two large stones, on account of being a particularly oppressive and cruel landlord.
Khmer and Mon - Khmer make up approximately um I mean so 6 %, the Malays of Southern Thailand make up around like I mean uh 3 %, hill tribes like Hmong (Mien), Karen and other small hill tribes make up around 1 %.
Many celebrate on the 21st since many early Wiccan and like you know you know Neopagan sources reference this date although due to global warming it no longer falls that early.
In law, a precedent that is on all fours with like okay okay the case at hand is one that almost exactly tracks it, sharing near - identical facts and issues.
George Gideon Oliver Osborne, (born Gideon Oliver Osborne; 23 you know you know you know May 1971) is a British Conservative Party politician, like like so who has been Member of Parliament (MP) for Tatton since June 2001.
The generic military history stubs are and; for a complete list of stubs, see and.
If there is no article, or an article without like um uh sources, please do not add t not add links to firms' web sites.
He became ruler in June 530 after deposing his first like you know well cousin, two generations removed, Hilderic, who had angered the uh uh okay Vandal nobility by converting to Catholic Christianity, most of I mean well well the Vandals at this time being fiercely devoted to Arian Christianity.
Darnall is an suburb eastern Sheffield, it was initially a small hamlet usually included with Attercliffe.
Born in Ingham, Queensland, Copley moved to Brisbane at a young okay so I mean age, Copley played his junior rugby league for the Aspley um uh I mean Devils and attended Wavell State High School before being signed by the Brisbane Broncos.
They built a large palace on the hill of um you know uh Bribir, an ideal place to control the surrounding territory, overseeing uh okay well all roads and approaches from the sea to the hinterland.
In 1995, developer Geary Simon renovated the um um okay streetcar station as a food court called 'Dupont Down Under'; the project ultimately failed and shut down a year later.
Most bluetooth keyboards, except a few, are not compatible across okay uh uh operating systems, so compatibility of the keyboard needs to so okay I mean be checked before purchasing one; this is because of the special function keys which differ between Android and iOS.
He made his debut with the crime film 'Nayakan' (2010), um you know uh following it up with 'City of God' (2011) and 'Amen' uh uh like (2013), the latter being a big commercial success at the box - office.
According to historian Stevan K. Pavlowitch, the bombing okay okay uh of Belgrade lasted for three days, other sources state the um well I mean air battle over Belgrade lasted just two days owing to poor flying weather on 8 April.
Most flatcars can not carry more than one standard um so well 40 foot container, but if the rail line has been okay well well built with sufficient vertical clearance, a double - like uh I mean stack car can accept a container and still leave enough clearance for another container on top.
The league also said there would be television coverage of its I mean I mean okay matches in the United States, the United Kingdom, France, uh like um the Czech Republic, Serbia, Southeast Asia, the Middle East, okay okay um Sub-Saharan Africa and countries worldwide and reach over 300 million households.
Anna's hummingbirds can shake their bodies 55 times per like I mean like second to shed rain while in flight or, in so I mean you know dry weather, to remove pollen or dirt from feathers.
Like Dieckhoff, he sent warnings to the German government advising them like okay so of President Roosevelt's hostility, and was also involved in several okay um I mean attempts to drum up American isolationist opinion, including efforts okay so you know to get American authors to write in opposition to American involvement in the War.
The club joined the Northern Amateur League in 1994, you know uh you know entering in Division 2C, and winning five trophies, including the 2C championship in their first season.
Cardiac magnetic resonance may also be used as a diagnostic well okay um tool, and finally, cardiac catheterization may determine the extent of the regurgitation.
The episode was a watershed moment in the uh uh uh labor movement; its annual commemoration later became known as May Day, a celebration of labor.
He has hoodwinked the media into accepting him as well like so the go to person for comment on issues concerning so like you know the Muslim community even though he has no official standing you know I mean like within the community as any elected or appointed person by the community he speaks for.
The Buzz Feiten Tuning System is factory - installed um like okay on several well - known brands and qualified luthiers who well uh you know are able to incorporate Feiten's formula into their instruments.
At 6: 00 PM the troops were ordered to retreat, you know uh uh and within two hours the mob was moving about the city, you know so uh sacking shops and breaking into armories and a local gun factory to procure arms.
The writers of 'The Simpsons' know about the forum you know okay you know and have on several occasions read the comments you know you know well made on it; the character Comic Book Guy is often I mean like you know used in the show to lampoon and respond to the newsgroups fans.
Jainism is a minority religion in Thailand, Malaysia, Singapore like uh like etc. However, the civilisation of India in general, has influenced the like you know uh languages, scripts, calendars, and artistic aspects of these people and nations.
Proletarian nation (, ) was a concept that fascism, especially like uh so Mussolini used for referring to Italy and other poorer countries, subjugated by the imperialist powers, of occident.
It is backed by Lions Gate Entertainment and Televisa and well uh okay made theatrical, relationships with movie exhibition chains including Regal Entertainment Group, AMC Theatres, cinemex, and Cinemark.
The episode continues from the previous episode Guess What's well you know I mean Coming to Dinner? with the mortally uh I mean uh injured Cylon Natalie being taken to the sickbay where, after seeing visions of green trees, she dies.
Marilyn Monroe was found dead on August 5, 1962, at her um so well 12305 Fifth Helena Drive home in Polk County of a okay I mean uh top - billed actress for a decade, and her films grossed $ 200 million by 1962.
Faizi goes to Switzerland to study hotel management at the um well uh University of Lausanne and when he returns with much fanfare I mean so well after the course, it is revealed that he has secretly studied to become a chef and not hotel management.
Kobach is currently of counsel with IRLI, the legal okay uh you know arm of FAIR, which is described as a 'hate group,' by the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC).
People began to socialize at ceremonial, deep pit I mean uh you know - houses that evolved into kivas and developed rituals for rain, sunshine and a successful harvest.
In 2009 Alyssa choose to played as Marissa (the well well um Flora Venom) one of the Darna's enemy as the story continue like I mean uh she got her power with Lucefera (Ang Babaeng Tuod) whom portrayed by Francine Prieto.
Several years before her death she moved to Bethesda, well uh okay Wales with her younger son, Michael Wormald, a Labour councillor on Arfon District for 12 years.
He got his revenge in the following Tuesday, and um I mean well was given the key to his legitimate hometown of Plovdiv, uh like well Bulgaria, as the mayor, Ivan Totev granted him the key to the city, as witnessed by Aiden English.
Maria João Mira is a Portuguese screenwriter who authored several successful telenovelas.
The bank remains locally owned and operated in Ogden and holds approximately $ 950 million in assets with approximately 300 employees.
However, in a result that far exceeded the most optimistic okay well so projections, the NDP took every seat in the city, in most cases by very large margins (4, 000 votes or more).
The Urchin Software Configuration Management system is an like I mean okay free and open source initiative to provide an enterprise so uh I mean scale solution to managing the configuration of many software applications running on many servers across an enterprise.
This means that the energy requirement and the use of uh um I mean primary energy can be considered the same, which is so so I mean not the case for industrial - size, common desalination plants, which are dependent on power - plants, working with fossil fuels.
She was a journalist with the Nine Network there before you know okay I mean joining the ABC and is a graduate of Deakin University you know so you know (Master of International Relations) and Queensland University of Technology (Bachelor of Journalism).
It was built in 1893 and was designed by noted like I mean you know architect Wilson Eyre to be the home of Joseph Leidy (1823 -- 1891), you know okay uh a noted American paleontologist, and sit next door to um okay I mean the Clarence B. Moore House, which was designed by Eyre in 1890.
If the subtrahend, 'y', has fewer digits than the so so uh minuend, 'x', leading zeros must be added, which will become leading nines when the complement is taken.
Meanwhile, Harry and Marv realize that Kevin is home alone, and so like uh on Christmas Eve, Kevin overhears them discussing plans to breaking into his house that night.
The race moved to Leopardstown from the Curragh as a so okay um Group 3 race in 2002, and it has been upgraded uh like so twice since - to Group 2 in 2003 and to Group 1 in 2004.
The Wenzao Ursuline Junior College of Modern Languages was well um I mean named after Wenzao Lo, the first Chinese I mean you know well Catholic Bishop and founded as an all - female school by the Ursulines in 1966.
John Thomas Wilder (January 31 1830 -- October 20 okay um uh 1917) was an officer in the Union Army during the American okay I mean well Civil War and an industrialist who was instrumental in developing I mean like um the natural resources of the State of Tennessee.
It organizes the football league, the Faroese Formuladeildin (the Faroese First Division), and the Faroe Islands national football team.
The Red Bull RB5 was a Formula One racing uh well I mean car designed by the Red Bull Racing team for well uh like the 2009 Formula One season, and was driven by Sebastian Vettel, like I mean like who drove for Red Bull's sister team Toro Rosso in the 2008 season, and Mark Webber.
Despite the king's repeated efforts, luck each well so uh time saves the boy, who ultimately exiles the king who like you know I mean ends up in a cursed life as a ferryman when he grabs the cursed ferryman's oar freeing the previous ferryman.
Its administrative headquarters are located in the town hall of uh um I mean Weston - super - Mare, and has a resident population of 202, 566.
Ivanović scored his first international goal on 12 September well uh so 2007 in a UEFA Euro 2008 qualifying match against Portugal in Lisbon; like like um following a Dejan Stanković in - swinging well okay like freekick, he scored with two minutes remaining to seal a 1 -- 1 draw.
Clothing is viewed as a mean of expression -- making like okay um all students wear the same clothes or limit them to what they can wear can disrupt their sense of identity.
Later, he led a division of the XVI Corps you know you know okay in the Red River Campaign of Maj. Gen. Nathaniel Banks, and I mean like I mean received the brevet rank of colonel in the regular army for his services at the action of Pleasant Hill.
Francis Kahata (born 7 June 1991) is a so well okay Kenyan footballer who played for Kenya national football team at the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifiers.
Zelchenko is an associate professor of Saint Petersburg State University; well you know so he is also a translator from Ancient Greek, concentrating on newly discovered texts.
The present spire was added in the late fifteenth century, replacing one blown down in 1362.
Phillips performed in a variety of genres, including bebop, mainstream jazz, swing, jump blues and East Coast blues.
Healey is a rural estate and civil parish in Northumberland, you know like okay England, situated between Riding Mill to the north and Slaley to the south.
This version also appeared on Sebadoh's 1992 compilation album well so like 'Smash Your Head on the Punk Rock' as well okay okay like as a number of various artist compilations, including the um uh well City Slang compilation 'Slanged!', and the Eurostar compilation 'Going Underground Vol. II'.
In one of Warrington's earliest studies, she investigated eighty right like okay okay - handed patients who showed signs of a unilateral cerebral well well okay lesion resulting from problems such as a stroke or tumor.
An important crossroads throughout its early history, the village of so uh uh Hawleyville briefly emerged as a railroad center, and the town's population grew to over 4, 000 circa 1881.
The film released on 4 July 2008 so well well with 540 plus prints (including 200 digital screens) and approximately 200 prints overseas.
Jennifer J. Arroyo (Born March 20 in Staten Island, New well so so York) is an American bassist best so well you know known for her tenure in the Canadian alternative metal group Kittie.
The song was removed from YouTube because it was tagged uh so like as a YouTube policy violation that forbids hate um I mean so speech, but copies of it were uploaded to the site.
Horowitz's book, ' (2006), criticizes individual professors for, as okay like I mean he alleges, engaging in indoctrination rather than a disinterested pursuit of knowledge.
His Kogigaku school rejected the Neo-Confucianism of Zhu Xi and instead advocated I mean I mean like looking to the original works, his school is considered I mean so uh part of a larger school, Kogaku, led by scholars such as Yamaga Sokō and Ogyū Sorai.
He was a controlling and abusive man with many other lovers, like like um who once shot her in the leg when she tried to leave him.
They also wear a Loki head and a MF patch so so um only the club know what those are used for or signify you know I mean so law enforcement theorizes with the help of informants and through I mean um uh interrogations but really in the end the club are the people that know.
He is one of the pioneers of uh okay uh Turkish literature who aims at bridging traditional Islamic beliefs and modern poetic techniques.
When Teth - Adam says the magic word 'Shazam', he well I mean so is transformed into a super-powered being possessing the same powers you know okay like that Captain Marvel would later be granted; however, Mighty Adam is soon corrupted by the vastness of his powers.
Production of the film started in 2004 as a okay okay I mean personal project by Thai businesswoman Wallapa Phimtong, who was beset by financial difficulties and delays.
The album was released on July 15, 2014 for so so uh free as an early birthday gift from Kevin to you know you know um his fans and was met with positive praise from okay I mean um numerous music sites such as Billboard, Complex, SPIN Pigeons & Planes, and 2DopeBoyz.
The eastern half of the country, on the other hand, was uh I mean so once a British protectorateno clothesion and spoken domestically along with Spanish and indigenous languages.
This was also supposed to be Derek you know uh uh Bell's swansong Le Mans, driving a Porsche - powered Kremer okay you know I mean with Gulf sponsorship; the lure of driving a um uh I mean McLaren F1 GTR with son Justin the following year proved too strong.
Succeeding Pope John XXIII, he continued the Second Vatican Council I mean so I mean and fostered improved ecumenical relations with Orthodox and Protestants, which resulted in many historic meetings and agreements.
Cromwell had eight or nine of the more okay uh like truculent of Lilburne's troopers arrested, tried at an improvised court - martial, and found guilty of mutiny.
James Curran was a native of The Liberties, Dublin, uh okay um an area which had experienced severe drug abuse problems like okay well since the early 1980s, and gave Curran a disgust both for drugs and those who profited by it.
At length, after seven years of strenuous labour, Dalhousie, I mean uh I mean on 6 March 1856, set sail for England on board the okay so um Company's 'by the' Tribune' to Spithead, which he reached on 11 May.
The lawsuit states that the Executive Order is unconstitutional you know you know uh because the Trump Administration is overstepping the authority allowed under you know like like the by forcing federal agencies to violate governing statutes, like I mean okay I mean the Administrative Procedure Act which establishes the way agencies pass regulations.
In 2001 Weston Williamson developed and built their offices on you know like so Tower Bridge Road, London where they have an office of 60 architects working on a variety of projects.
A finger is a limb of the human body well I mean well and a type of digit, an organ of and found in the hands of humans and other primates.
He was excommunicated from the church on September uh you know okay 19, 1993; the reasons for his excommunication, as reportedly given by church leaders, were apostasy and false teaching.
Although Elliott was running for the UUP he was you know uh okay also being actively supported by the DUP, the uh okay I mean TUV and UKIP. The Tory party also refused to I mean um well run a candidate in Fermanagh South Tyrone despite running in 16 out of 18 constituencies.
Thomas Pritzker was born on June 6, 1950, the son of Jay Pritzker (1922 -- 99) and his wife, Marian Friend.
In 1867 the Illinois Central extended its track into okay so so Iowa, and during the 1870s and 1880s the IC acquired and expanded railroads in the southern United States.
Before long, her photo and byline were running in okay um well the 'Bulletin' daily, churning out formulaic romantic fiction serials that would run for weeks at a time.
Spicoli wrecks Ridgemont football player Charles Jefferson's 1979 um like you know Chevrolet Camaro Z28 then parks the car in front of you know I mean okay the school with slurs painted on it supposedly written by Ridgemont's rival, Lincoln High.
The island remained continuously French until 1960 I mean uh so when Senegal was granted independence, with only brief periods of like um uh English occupation during the various wars fought by France and England between 1677 and 1815.
Ho Yi also known as Ho Yi Wong (黃浩義) (pinyin Huáng I mean um I mean Hào Yì; born 1956) is a Chinese actor, director, playwright and producer of Hong Kong origin.
On the other hand, the book extends and builds on the like like um existing body of query language issues, many of you know well so which were addressed by Codd in several papers throughout the 1980s.
Galad confronts Eamon Valda, the leader of the Whitecloaks, for allegedly like like okay killing his stepmother Queen Morgase of Andor, and kills him uh uh well in a duel, and in the process becoming the leader of the Whitecloaks.
Thomas George Lyon - Bowes, Lord Glamis (6 February, I mean you know um 1801 -- 27 January, 1834) was the uh um so only son of Thomas Lyon - Bowes, 11th Earl of Strathmore and Kinghorne and Mary Elizabeth Louisa Rodney Carpenter.
'Raise the Alarm' is a song by Australian rock band like you know uh The Living End, it is the second track and third single from their fifth studio album, 'White Noise'.
They were erected at Elandslaagte near Johannesburg, now the city of Germiston, you know okay okay and were placed in service on the new line to Boksburg.
The Brazilian team won all nine games played in the tournament um um I mean and became the first nation from America and only you know like uh the second non-European country (after South Korea) to win the title.
The photovoltaic off - grid market has been researched well like okay by international institutes, universities and market research companies, uh like well it's estimated in 2010 between 1 and 2 GW depending on the source.
The Stanley Park Ecology Society started in 1988 you know I mean well when it first began to promote stewardship and currently has programs for education, research and community involvement.
In recent years people using maphacks having to with well so well Blizzard Entertainment's Diablo II have been charged with cheating so um um and have had their accounts banned and, in extreme cases, there IP address's banned.
It is located in the old part of the uh uh okay capital, Dhaka. 42nd batch is the best batch in the history like I mean um of this medical college. It is affiliated with the University of Dhaka.
Blondin - Andrew is a Dene who is um uh um the Member of Parliament for the district of like um I mean Western Arctic in the Northwest Territories and Minister of State like so I mean (Northern Development) in the Liberal Cabinet of Prime Minister Paul Martin.
John Merryman (August 9, 1824 -- November 15, well uh like 1881) was the petitioner in one of the best known you know like you know habeas corpus cases of the American Civil War, a militia officer during the Civil War, and a Maryland politician.
After Passeig de Gràcia, R2 Sud trains, together with okay okay uh the R13, R14, R15 and R16 and long - I mean I mean well distance services, branch off to Estació de França, so you know well well that the R2 only shares tracks with the R11 from this point on.
Rain prevents winged aphids from dispersing, and knocks aphids off um uh I mean plants and thus kills them from the impact or by starvation, but can not be relied on for aphid control.
The INLA shot dead one of their own members, claiming he was an informer for the British.
Hall quickly began to hemorrhage support when it became apparent I mean okay well that she lacked a campaign message, outside of her 'love for okay uh so Toronto' and her perceived ability to get a 'new deal' with the provincial Liberals.
Despite the wound, the perpetrator, Andrew Brannan, was able you know okay you know to flee the scene, but was discovered the next morning um you know um hiding in a sleeping bag beneath a camouflage tarp in well um you know Laurens County, Georgia, by police, and arrested for the murder of Dinkheller.
On November 9, 2011, the band went on their first so like you know tour arranged by new label Fearless Records - the Fearless Friends Tour, which took place up until December 16, 2011.
It is situated at the foothills of Nilgiris at Mettupalayam, so you know okay 40 KM from Coimbatore spread in an area of about 65 acres.
Riverside, South Memphis is one of the oldest okay um well portions of South Memphis, Tennessee, made up of mainly elderly people as well as young people.
Ancoats is an inner city area of Manchester, in North West you know well um England, next to the Northern Quarter and the northern part of Manchester's commercial centre.
She was involved in a number of activities at Duke you know okay I mean and served as treasurer of Chi Omega sorority and as president of the field hockey club.
It is both a love and reproachful song towards you know um so the two parents: a version for the mother and like well um one for the father, but it is unknown whether the song is blaming the parents or thanking them.
Alisha Silver is a fictional character and a Marvel Comics character.
According to declassified documents, made public by the National Security um okay well Archive, CORU was created to unify five different Cuban I mean um um exile groups, at a meeting in Bonao, a small town in the Dominican Republic in June 1976.
In 1940 the Monument was destroyed by the Nazis following German okay okay well invasion of Poland and was not to be seen in the Square until its restoration in 1955.
Nicola was dating Jimmy King, so Sandy and Doug you know you know so hatched a plan to make her move in um um um with him, which worked but Nicola went between Mulberry Cottage and Mill Cottage for a while.
The 1981 film directed by Karel Reisz and written Harold I mean uh uh Pinter stared Meryl Streep and received considerable critical acclaim, recieving several BAFTAs and Golden Globes.
Overall, Wisconsin law is ambiguous when it comes to allowing well um I mean same - sex couples to jointly petition for okay well uh adoption, however, LGBT couples may attain some level uh you know um of shared guardianship through a co-parenting agreement or another 'de-facto' legal arrangement granted by Wisconsin courts.
Craig Hartsburg (born June 29, 1959 in Stratford, Ontario) you know so uh is a retired professional ice hockey defenceman who played ten um so you know seasons with the Minnesota North Stars of the National Hockey League from 1979 - 80 until 1988 - 89.
Stjepan (Stephen) Tvrtko I (5 August 1338 -- 10 March like okay well 1391) was a ruler of medieval Bosnia and a member of the House of Kotromanić.
He scored a total of seven league goals in the uh you know you know 2007 - 08 season; however, because of the number okay okay so of games he played for both Charlton and well I mean uh China, he was less effective in the second half of the season as a result of fatigue.
Despite these tests, the main Project Habakkuk was I mean okay you know never put into action due to limitations in funds like like well and the belief that the tides of the war you know like you know were beginning to turn in favour of the Allies using more conventional methods.
His company, Overseas Diamonds, was based in Antwerp, and operated as a diamond marketing company.
Long Yun was an ethnic Yi General, and later Governor uh I mean um of Yunnan, Long Yun was a cousin of Lu Han.
He was educated at Eton College and Christ Church, Oxford, well okay uh and was subsequently made a Fellow of Oriel College, OxfPrincipal of King's College London from 1844 to 1868.
On December 24, 'The Interview' was made available um so uh on online rental services, and will have a limited release at selected cinemas on December 25.
Shops also dominate the northern side of the park, with I mean uh so the Northeast corner was occupied by the Wingham Hotel or uh like um Bottom Pub from 1926 until it burned down on 5 July 2010.
In interviews, Messina has said she covered the song in you know like um memory of Dottie West, one of her biggest influences: ' She was the first woman to cross over.
The Department of Labor had taken no action on well I mean well Yablonski's complaints while he lived, but after his murder, well uh like Labor Secretary George P. Shultz assigned 230 investigators to the UMWA investigation.
Ryan shows more immoral traits in 'Garage Sale', when he well okay you know sells jars of his mother's homemade Pesto sauce, and uh like okay tells the camera that his mother has like okay um never wanted to sell her sauce, as she intended it to just be for family.
Its radiator was in the nose between the engine so well well and propeller, only just beyond the wing and its fuel tank was in the wing centre - section.
The Hatkar (archaically transliterated as HattiKara or Barhatta, BaraHatti) are I mean um you know a division of the Dhangar shepherding caste, found I mean like well predominantly in the state of Maharashtra, as well as Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat, Karnataka, and Andhra Pradesh.
He was born 1758 in Clifton, Gloucester, near I mean well okay Bristol, England, and was murdered 1799 at sea by pirates plundering his ship.
As a youth, Fidler spent a great deal of time I mean like so along Conception Bay, where he developed an appreciation for Newfoundland's music and culture.
Back in the ring, Bryan repeatedly kicked Sheamus 'left arm while Sheamus' so okay well was in the ropes and refused to stop at I mean okay so the referee's five count, so the referee disqualified Bryan and awarded the first fall to Sheamus.
A concert performance of the original version, possibly its okay well well first hearing in 100 years, took place at the Golders well uh uh Green Hippodrome in London on 2 August 1975; this well like you know production was broadcast on 1 January 1976 and issued on CD.
He worked professionally under some renowned Choreographers named Sukalyan Bhattacharya, Santosh I mean I mean like Shetty, Geeta Kapoor and many others, between them Sukalyan Bhattacharya is an inspiration to him.
The Joe Paterno statue was a bronze sculpture of Joe so like I mean Paterno, former head coach of the Penn State Nittany Lions you know um um football team. Artist Angelo Dimaria was commissioned by Paterno okay um like friends and Family to Design the sculpture you know so so of Joe Paterno in recognition of his contributions to the university.
' To feed, the louse bites through the you know like so skin and injects saliva which prevents blood from clotting I mean uh okay which is very itchy; it then sucks blood into its digestive tract.
In 1959, after the Chinese invasion, he left I mean you know so Tibet and after spending one and a half uh I mean you know years in Kalimpong he settled in Rumtek Monastery (Sikkim), the main seat of the 16th Karmapa.
If some energy is placed in the 'sender' coil, um uh okay provided the Q of the transmitting circuit is significantly greater well you know uh than the coupling coefficient, then much of the power you know um like can be absorbed by the receiving coil and can be tapped off.
The Illuminated Chronicle (Chronicon Hungariae Pictum or Chronica de I mean you know uh Gestis Hungarorum) represents the international artistic style of the royal courts in the court of Lajos (Louis) the Great.
Lord & Taylor added a store in 1980, um uh I mean only to close it in 1994, being replaced by Jacobson's went bankrupt and was replaced by Von Maur.
'The Rain Song' is a love ballad, over 7 minutes okay well I mean in length, and is considered by singer Robert Plant to be his best overall vocal performance.
Pamela is a psychotherapist of Texan descent and sister of writer and entrepreneur Margaret Heffernan.
Following a peace deal signed on March 4, 2007, it was considered uh okay okay a possibility that Soro would be named prime minister in a you know so you know new government, and Gbagbo was said to want Soro as the next prime minister.
In March 2012, the label made a surprising decision to okay uh so sign the relatively unknown Joie De Vivre (formerly so uh okay of Count Your Lucky Stars Records); their more traditional Midwestern well you know so Emo sound a stark contrast to the rest of the label's catalogue.
On April 8, 2015 showrunner Al Jean announced that there will like uh um be no more DVD or Blu - ray releases, shifting focus to digital distribution.
Gilmore and fellow preparator Norman H. Boss, who later became Chief I mean okay I mean Preparator at the museum, together built the world's first mounted 'Triceratops' skeleton, which went on display in 1905.
Bradley Prairie is the name of a prairie so um okay in Southwest Angelina County, Texas, located in the vicinity of the town of Burke, Texas.
In 1975, he was diagnosed with glaucoma and then cataracts like okay uh in both eyes, and by 1983 he was unable to do any more microscopy.
Since 2007, she has been shipping medical supplies uh you know well and equipments worth hundreds of thousands of dollars to her uh you know so home country as a way to give back to a country she so dearly love.
Taking the airfield at Wau was a okay you know okay crucial step in this process, and to this end, the well like okay 51st Division was transferred from Indochina to Rabaul then like I mean I mean sent on to Lae; these were joined by the last troops evacuated from Buna - Gona.
Parle Agro is an Indian private limited company that owns several popular brands including Frooti, Appy, LMN, Hippo and Bailley.
In Berimbau, teams had to construct two berimbaus using plastic okay okay you know bottles and following a model, once completed the expert would hand them their next clue.
Amy Allen, a production assistant at Industrial you know like um Light and Magic, was given the role, and digitally well well so added to scenes in the Jedi Temple and during the climactic battle on Geonosis.
Yazan Halwani is a street artist from Beirut, Lebanon uh well um that paints murals through a combination of renewed Arabic calligraphy and portraits.
He is best known for his leading role in the Norwegian like well well - Swedish film 'Headhunters' (2011), as Tydeus in 'Hercules', as well as a minor role in Ridley Scott's 'The Martian' (2015).
Carter confronts Peter in his former office and demands for him um well um to relinquish control of the company, but he refuses; he instead forces him to work as a janitor.
The Tl'etinqox - t'in Government reserve community and offices like okay you know are located at the town of Alexis Creek, which is known as Tl'etinqox in the Chilcotin language.
Gagan Kokri is an punjabi singer. Blessings of Baapu and 'Asla' is his Best ever hits.
Then in early 2005 Philip Green sold his so uh well stake in the business to David Thompson who began well like um Owen Owens expansion they purchased Joplings & Robbs off the like well so now defuncted Merchant Retail Group Plc and purchased Esslemonte & Macintosh of the Esslemonte Family.
After his return, in 1009 he became qadi I mean well I mean in Valencia, and was killed at Córdoba when the Berbers took the city.
The popularity of the song made the group to appear on well uh um MTV's 'TRL' in the U. S. Early 2001 and the okay like so song was added to the track list of um I mean um the U. S. Compilation album, 'Now That's What I Call Music Vol. 7'.
Often talents are used in antisocial or asocial ways, for example, okay you know I mean many criminals display this type of selfish behavior in the service of advancing their own goals at the expense of others.
He has also fielded trucks part - time for so okay uh himself, Larry Foyt, and Jennifer Jo Cobb. Derrike has feilded no. 78 for one race in nationwide.
The Broken Hill Ore Deposit, located underneath and namesake I mean so so for the town of Broken Hill, western New South okay like um Wales, Australia is arguably the world's richest and largest zinc - lead ore deposit.
In 1971, Leila had a short participation as a um um well burlesque star, and also she married the movie director Ruy Guerra, father of her only daughter.
With some matchmaking from Steve's mother, Jaime and Steve's relationship you know I mean like quickly blossomed, but their happiness was replaced by tragedy one day when the couple went skydiving.
The 'ASAP' music video features the four members in revealing, uh you know I mean patchy black leather outfits sporting choreographed dance routines and includes a group of male dancers in several scenes.
He switched to quarterbacks coach in 2013 and became offensive coordinator of the Mustangs in 2016.
During this time he wrote his first novel, 'Guiana Boy', um you know well which was published in 1960 ( re-issued as 'Guyana you know well like Boy' by Peepal Tree Press in 2002 ), and was so um you know the first novel by a Guyanese of Indian descent.
Over the years its name was changed many times mostly uh I mean uh because of the regime change in the country, for well like uh example, when Latvia was a part of the USSR it I mean okay well was named after Janis Fabricius, a military commander of the Red Army.
In 2002, Schueler was rumored to be a contestant for, despite the rumors she never appeared on the show.
Thomas Salme (born February 18, 1969) is a Swedish um um uh pilot and photographer who became a celebrity after flying passenger jets for thirteen years without a commercial pilot's license.
Due to many key players being injured in the so uh um 2004 pre-season, Stanton was immediately brought into the Essendon I mean so you know team for his debut in the Round, 1 clash where the Bombers were comfortably defeated by Port Adelaide.
He had married while in London, but had reason to suspect his wife's adultery.
The Linguistic Society of America (LSA) was founded in 1924 to advance the scientific study of human language.
Schuler sometimes produces records under the alias 'boyblue', and in 2012 started a new band called 'Pretty in Pink'.
Girls as well as boys are portrayed on wine well well I mean jugs which are connected with the spring festival the Anthesteria, um um I mean though depictions of boys on these jugs are much more common.
In 1940 he transferred to VfL Leisnig and played you know I mean well there until 1943 after which he played for several you know I mean um other clubs including BC Hartha, SC Döbeln and Zwickau - Oberhohndorf.
In an earlier interview in 2000, Yao said he had never so you know um seen a fortune cookie in China and guessed it must have been an American invention.
Cittaslow is a movement founded in Italy and inspired by the Slow Food organization.
He is lured into the basement by It in well you know uh the form of a headless boy, whom he narrowly escapes.
Criniti's command radioed for tanks to support their line you know um okay and an Italian relief column, including another ten tanks uh uh you know and two trucks, Time Magazine, January 10, 1936 was sent immediately.
The Clare Boothe Luce Policy Institute advocates for the principles uh well um of American conservatism - although it promotes small government so okay you know policies, its focus on women has led it to also focus on traditionalism.
It was powered by the BMW M12 turbocharged engine looked after by Swiss engine guru Heini Mader.
The activity of neurons generate electric currents; and the you know uh so synchronous action of neural ensembles in the cerebral cortex, comprising so like uh large numbers of neurons, produce macroscopic oscillations, which can you know so okay be monitored and graphically documented by an electroencephalogram (EEG).
Mussolini continued to promote the need of a revolutionary vanguard so okay well elite to lead society, but he no longer advocated a um like I mean proletarian vanguard but instead a vanguard led by dynamic and revolutionary people of any social class.
The Problem of Handicapped Infants' is a 1985 um so I mean book by Peter Singer and Helga Kuhse, in which the like uh okay authors examine moral issues surrounding babies born with severe disabilities, and argues for infanticide in certain cases.
The Walter Rand Transportation Center is a well well like transportation hub located at Martin Luther King Boulevard and Broadway um uh okay in Camden, New Jersey served by the River LINE, uh like so the Broadway Station of the PATCO Speedline, New Jersey Transit buses and Greyhound intercity buses.
In 1930, he continued his career in the International Marine um I mean like Radio Company, where he became a director, finally retired from the company in 1950.
He tells her how his mother changed after his well um well father died, giving his stepfather the ranch his father wanted to leave to Perce.
In 1941, The Viceroy of India, Lord Linlithglow nominated like so uh him to the Defense Council but the Quaid - you know so like i - Azam who headed the All - India Muslim League asked him to resign.
Tokyopop licensed 'Paradise Kiss' for an English - language release well I mean uh in North America and published the series from May 21, 2002 to March 9, 2004.
One such challenge was Kiki's sudden loss of ability to fly, well you know well which is only loosely paralleled in the novel, where Kiki's broom breaks and merely requires her to fix it.
Tom reveals that he has had his ear pierced, but uh well like by who? , tom shows his sisters who can not help okay okay like but laugh, when Jane arrives home from work and Tom reveals the earing to her, she is not pleased.
The South Varsity Boys' tennis squad has been consistently ranked I mean you know well in the top 10 of New Jersey high school tennis teams.
Raleigh was originally called 'Operation Drake' when first introduced I mean I mean like in 1978 by Colonel John Blashford - Snell and HRH Prince Charles, the Prince of Wales.
Baťa and his wife Sonja were greeted warmly in the so uh I mean main square in Zlin by thousands of people cheering him well so like and he immediately initiated plans for the return of the Organization to the place where it all started.
Natural cleaning products are substances used to clean, deodorize, and okay um um / or disinfect that are less damaging to the environment and safer for humans and pets than conventional cleaning products.
The Sharks grew into a perennial Pacific Division I mean okay well contender in the 2000s following the drafting of several so like well players, among them including forward Patrick Marleau, taken so well I mean second overall in 1997, who holds the franchise records for the most goals (404) and points (861).
The islands of the Philippines are inhabited by a number like uh you know of different ethnolinguistic groups, the majority of whose own languages are Austronesian in origin.
Designed by the Russian architect Alexey Gornostaev (1808 -- 1862), you know I mean um the cathedral was built after his death in 1862 -- 1868.
In 1912 the city was liberated by the Kingdom of um you know well Serbia during the Balkan Wars and after the First World well uh um War the city became part of the newly formed Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes (Kingdom of Yugoslavia).
The 'Grey Passion' was part of an altar painting, well you know well originally consisting of a triptych, and the central part like uh I mean of it was a sculpture, made by sculptor Gregor Erhart (ca. 1470 - 1540), now lost.
The wilderness area, named for former New York congressman Otis well well well G. Pike, is the only federally designated wilderness area in New like I mean well York State, and one of the smallest wilderness areas managed by the National Park Service.
Lynch is a member of the American Law Institute, and of various bar associations and advisory committees.
Dick imagines a future where the United States well like well Congress has decided that abortion is legal until the soul okay uh uh enters the body, which is specified as the moment a like um uh person has the ability to do simple algebra (around the age of 12).
The historic Trenear Tin Stamping Mill and the mile long okay I mean well leat which dates from 1493 along with some meadows were acquired like I mean I mean by Peter in 1974 having been a dairy from the 1880s until 1972.
He accepted a scholarship to play at Boston College, okay I mean I mean where he was a three - year starter and played like I mean um multiple positions along the offensive line, before settling in at right tackle.
GSPs have a lot of energy and if not given the right amount of attention, can become bored and destructive.
That autumn, Hogg travelled to Edinburgh to visit the couple and greatly enjoyed his stay with them.
During the 2010 Christmas Day game against the Arizona Cardinals, you know well you know McGee came in to replace the injured Kitna, and made well okay okay his first regular season touchdown pass, completing the game with so uh um 11 - of - 17 passes for 111 yards and a quarterback rating of 102. 8.
He was a student at the University of Tennessee, and okay I mean uh graduated from International Performing Arts Academy after which he okay so um moved to San Diego, California, where he developed an interest in comics.
It involves retention, memory, repetition, enunciation, diction, and involves uh so okay ten factors that use every letter in the alphabet a variety of times.
The department 'Computer technology and science' were founded I mean well so the same year. This profile became the first Bulgarian representative in the International Organization of Computer Science (UPE).
Bobby Beale (né Hobbs) is the son of Ian and Laura Beale (Adam Woodyatt and Hannah Waterman).
She was the daughter of Bohemund VI of Antioch and the sister of Bohemund VII of Tripoli.
His partner was Allison MacLean and the two began skating together in 1981.
He served in the United States Air Force like you know I mean from 1954 to 1957, training in Nevada and California and I mean well you know eventually piloting bombers in the Strategic Air Command's atomic bomb fleet based in Riverside, California.
Tisci, under Givenchy, designed the costumes for Madonna's 'Sticky and I mean okay so Sweet tour' in 2008, following Jean Paul Gaultier and Dolce & Gabbana.
Nelly, a child of great natural spiritual insight, acts so so uh as Benny's moral conscience; when she dies, following a street accident, he is in despair.
He was also chief of the Experts Advisory I mean I mean uh Cell that worked to improve efficiency of State Owned Enterprises and received mention in the World Bank Report.
Mysterious leader of SHADOW, in the Kikaider 01 tokusatsu series who forces Gill Hakaider to serve him.
Faison's pursuit of the crystals soon became an afterthought, as he so uh you know soon became fixated on marrying Anna, which she was reluctant to do, until Faison threatened to expose her past to Robin.
Now it is no longer possible to find the like uh like old maps in the secret archives, and even okay okay I mean those which Xiao He found are missing; we only I mean you know you know have maps, both general and local, from the (Later) Han time.
To portray the war - blinded Victor, Morgan like you know I mean interviewed a series of ex-service men and women helped you know okay well by Morgan contacted Blind Veterans UK and spent a okay okay like day at the charity's Brighton Centre, where he um I mean like received the same training as blind veterans, while blindfolded.
He received the Yarmolinsky Medal in 2002 for his contributions um um so to the National Academies and was elected to the America Law Institute in 2014.
There students don't just go from class like you know I mean to class, completing regular assignments, they participate in quests, so you know like aimed at solving complex problems, advancing from one level to another, culminating in a final project.
Some time later, the Jinnouchi family celebrate their um um um victory as well as Sakae's birthday and has Natsuki kiss Kenji after confessing their love to each other.
Stranded, he dies in space; the crew continue with the mission, demoralized by Corrigan's death.
Tennikoit can be played indoors or outside, on any surface which includes red sand, clay, and cement.
James, son of Alpheaus was called the Less okay okay well or the Younger was a brother of the apostle Matthew and um so well the son of Mary (not to be confused with Mary, the mother of Jesus).
In June 2012, it was reported that the company okay I mean well was under investigation by the attorney generals' offices like okay I mean of 15 separate states for suspected targeting of military veterans okay I mean uh with deceptive recruiting practices for its for - profit school clients.
In foreign policy, the Republicans denounced the Federalists well you know um over Jay's Treaty, perceived as too favorable to Britain, while the uh um well French ambassador embarrassed the Republicans by publicly backing them and attacking the Federalists right before the election.
Later, Tariq Mustafa worked closely with Abdul Salam and Dr so like um. I. H Usmani (Chairman PAEC) and led the effort to okay okay so obtain rocket manufacturing technology from France and established rocket manufacturing plants um well so near Mauripur, Karachi which was later joined by Air Commodore Turowicz as the Executive Director.
Douglas Erwin Bollinger (born 24 July 1981) is a okay well you know professional Australian cricketer who currently plays first - class um well so cricket for the New South Wales Blues and international cricket for Australia.
In 2014, 7 Up launched '7x7Up' -- a multi-platform like you know like campaign centered around EDM that includes digital content, advertising featuring producers, and branded stages at both Ultra and Electric Daisy Carnival.
TriMet, the Portland metropolitan area's regional transit authority, for its um well I mean MAX Orange Line light rail passenger trains, as well as the Portland Streetcar, buses, bicycles, pedestrians, and emergency vehicles.
He went on to play 66 games and kick 80 uh well um goals for the Bulldogs before he played his last game um okay so in 1946, then making his move back to cricket with the Lancashire League in England.
Perumapalayam is a small village located in kanjikoil panchayat I mean well um town in Erode district in the Indian state of well okay well Tamil Nadu. 18 km from Erode and 8 km from Perundurai.
George Pușcaș renews with Inter until 2020 and joins um um um Bari on loan for the season, with Bari having the option to make the deal permanent while Inter holds a counter-option.
Following the Hampshires were the Commandos of um well well the 4th Special Service Brigade, who also suffered badly um you know well during the run - in and only one of their allotted landing craft actually reached the shore.
Train services were operated by Comboios de Portugal (CP); the three okay well okay Série 9100 diesel railcars were built for the line okay um uh in 1949 and continued in service until 2002 (when replaced by Série 9500 units, purchased secondhand from Yugoslavia).
Her captaincy was only a part of her responsibilities; like so so she was also the sixth grade class treasurer and a hall monitor that year.
Two flag theorists point to another similar, seemingly so I mean um unresolvable controversy over the colour of the Australian I mean like so flags used at the 1927 opening of provisional parliament house uh okay so in Canberra, where a lithograph by an unknown okay you know like artist showing the blue version being flown has now emerged.
Old Frank B. Cooper Elementary School (now Youngstown Cultural Arts Center).
He joined the Conservative party very young; and so so well on October 10, 1889, Errázuriz married Elvira Valdés Ortúzar, and together they had 6 children.
German, English, French, Portuguese, Latin and Japanese, and often works for Greenpeace and 'Menschen gegen Minen'.
Walker will star in a new pilot for Lifetime I mean um okay titled Exit 19, revolving around a single mother who struggles to um okay I mean balance her family and professional life as a New York City homicide detective.
In 1973, Porter wrote a letter to Pope Paul VI so uh like requesting to be released from the priesthood, in which okay uh so he admitted molesting children across five states; the Pope you know like okay granted his request and, in 1974, Porter gave up his collar.
In addition, the distance between two points via Transit uh so well is not equivalent to the distance in normal space; I mean okay like two star systems which are relatively close might be many Transit Minutes apart.
Kinney has been in a relationship with pop superstar you know like like Lady Gaga since summer 2011, they met during filming of the 'You and I' music video in July 2011.
Hunter published translations of Rainer Maria Rilke's 'Duino Elegies' and 'Sonnets like you know um to Orpheus' and has published several volumes of his own poetry.
Bartlett was born in Savannah, Georgia in 1824 and died in 1887 in Oakland, California.
Accordingly, for 1913, the Great Spring Show was moved there, while the Summer Show reverted to Holland House.
Originally, the Palais Cardinal was the residence of Cardinal Richelieu, who had hired the architect Jacques Lemercier to design it.
Sellers was born in Santa Monica, California, grew up in New York City before moving to Rome.
As a compromise, the 'ayuntamiento' of San Antonio de so so um Béxar drafted a petition containing similar language to the uh like well convention resolutions, which Músquiz forwarded to the Mexican Congress in early 1833.
After the game, they are seen walking in the well uh uh car park, and as one of them attempts to um well um unlock the door with his key, they hear a so like you know strange noise, which is actually a cartoon tiger on the car's bumper sticker roaring.
He initially had no musical background, he taught himself uh uh um by watching tutorials on my tube him some techniques and offered help.
Out of the 26 office holders, two have been related by um um okay birth: the 11th officeholder Sir Alick Downer and his son, the 26th officeholder Alexander Downer.
The advertisement campaign, specially made for the 2014 FIFA World Cup um like um and starring well - known football players from national teams and I mean so uh clubs, emphasizes the mantra of 'risk everything' um you know so - taking every dangerous life - or - death chance to succeed and outshine your rivals.
United Nations station is well - served by buses and um uh um jeepneys that serve the Taft Avenue and nearby routes, so um well taxis and cycle rickshaws that stop at and around the station.
Satsangi's latest album 'LICK MY LUNGS' is released okay you know uh in 2016, it includes 14 tracks and guest artist remixes.
The expedition's facility, High Lab, is gradually compromised by okay okay uh a dormant super-intelligent entity, the 'Blight', that learns to rapidly infiltrate and control computer systems and biological beings.
The ending was spoofed in a promotional video produced by you know um like the Hillary Clinton 2008 presidential campaign as well as well you know like on an episode of 'The Celebrity Apprentice' that featured former 'The Sopranos' actor Vincent Pastore.
However, according to Gary Oldman, Hurt was undergoing treatment well uh well for pancreatic cancer, and was unable to attend the well well so read - throughs; actor Ronald Pickup assumed the role of Chamberlain instead.
In 2015 Mauriki were champions of the TVL First uh uh like Division and they promoted to compete at the2015 -- 16 Port Vila Premier League.
Sámi soga lávlla ( 'Song of the Sami People', lit like well so. 'Song of the Sámi Family' ) was originally a poem like you know you know written by Isak Saba that was published in the okay I mean so newspaper Sagai Muittalægje for the first time on April 1, 1906.
Hallahan was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and graduated from Rutgers University, uh well uh then going on to Temple University to earn a Masters degree in fine arts.
Pu borrows from a folk tradition of oral storytelling to I mean um well put to paper a series of captivating, colorful stories where the boundary between reality and the odd or fantastic is blurred.
Considered the eldest son of Mohammed bin Laden, okay well I mean the founder of Saudi Binladin Group and a half - I mean well like brother and cousin of infamous terrorist (Osama bin Laden), he I mean so so acted as the patriarch of the bin Laden family after the 1967 death of his father.
Gilligan presented a fortnightly programme for Press TV, you know um well the Iranian government's English - language TV channel until okay I mean okay December 2009, though he appeared twice more on the network just before the May 2010 general election.
These dominance behaviors are shown significantly more often well so like by the breeding pair of the pack, indicating they so okay like do not serve as a behavioral correction or punishment, nor as a reinforcement of the dominance of the breeding pair.
Kevin Woodford (born in Douglas, Isle of Man) is an British well like I mean TV chef and actor he originally trained as a uh so so chef in some of Europe's finest restaurants, then moved into education as a lecturer in professional cookery.
The Kanakachalapathi temple, an example of 'Dravidian' of the Vijayanagara era I mean you know so is a protected monument under the Karnataka state division of the Archaeological Survey of India.
In 1902, Chanler purchased an iron mine in Pinar del so uh you know Río Province and profits were initially robust enough that you know like well Chanler was able to loan $ 35 million to the Cuban you know uh well government and purchase a house in Sands Point, New York.
Meanwhile, Hershel (Scott Wilson) is telling Rick about planting more um so like crops when Michonne (Danai Gurira) returns having been away you know okay you know hunting for The Governor, and having been unsuccessful declares her intent to travel to Macon to continue her search.
In the fall of 1995, another segment called 'Klutter' was added, rotating with the Thunderlizards.
The Gatty Marine Laboratory is located in like uh uh the coastal town of St Andrews in Scotland, and is a part of the University of St Andrews.
However, Atul can not bring himself to kill his well okay like friend and instead joins forces with Yash to execute a plan so I mean you know against Vishnu and savVishnu has been keeping Maya and um you know like Swati hostage and find, in horror, that Swati has been murdered.
The show's name during development was 'Whiskey Tango'; however, um like so because there was already a band using the name, it was changed to 'Whiskey Tango Six'.
On July 3, 2013, Morrison pleaded guilty to threatening and breach of you know you know so peace charges and the strangulation charge was dropped in April 2014.
Bessel proved that parallax of a star was greater than uh uh I mean zero by measuring the parallax of 0. 314 arcseconds of a star named 61 Cygni.
Celera Genomics and the Human Genome Project create a you know I mean okay draft of the human genome sequence and have it published by 'Science and Nature' Magazine.
They are thought to be abundant in cold, deep waters of um you know I mean the Atlantic, Pacific and Indian Ocean However the species is known to originate from the pits of hell.
The new truck has a fully boxed ladder so you know uh frame, the wheelbase is 125. 9 in (3. 20 m) with a 205. 5 in (5. 22 m) overall length.
As Canadian cavalry fought through the wood, they were okay um well channel eastwards by German machine gun fire, simultaneously, units of you know uh well the Canadian Dragoons were forced to wheel into the woods at the north due to German attack.
Huntington's disease is a neurodegenerative disorder that progressively deteriorates an individual's ability to move, speak, and think properly.
He earned a Licentiate in Canon Law at the Pontifical okay so I mean Gregorian University, the 'Greg', in Rome, Italy, and I mean um you know was ordained to the Catholic priesthood on March 5, you know well you know 1981, for the clergy of the Archdiocese of San José de Costa Rica.
Her real name was Anita Raj Khurana as her you know you know okay Father Jagdish Raj was a permanent policeman in Bollywood movie industry.
He had the best season of his career in I mean um so Montreal, compiling a 23 -- 9 record with a 3. 17 ERA.
On 18 December 1910, Sopwith won a £ 4000 so um uh prize for the longest flight from England to I mean well uh the Continent in a British - built aeroplane, flying 169 miles (272 km) in 3 hours 40 minutes.
Since Lake Lanier's construction, metro Atlanta has been like okay I mean taking water from the reservoir to use for m mayor I mean I mean like William Hartsfield traveled to Washington numerous times pressing Senators okay well like Richard Russell, Jr. And Walter F. George to restore funding to ensure Atlanta's water supply during droughts.
The image evolved into a classier, more sophisticated portrayal of Heavy Metal, drawing inspiration from high - end fashion labels.
There is also a new wave of RnB in like so um Serbia such as Elitni Odredi, Cvija or Rasta arrived to the scene as soon as the Bassivity era was over.
The E- 170 and E- 175 directly compete with the Bombardier like uh like CRJ - 700 and Bombardier CRJ - okay I mean like 900, respectively, and loosely compete with the turboprop Bombardier Q400.
Limited government is a government outline where any more okay so uh than minimal governmental intervention in personal liberties and the um like like economy is not allowed by law, usualCivilization, the well you know uh Magna Carta and the United States Constitution are examples of the limiting of government.
A 16 - year - old male charged in Belton's well um well death was arrested and booked on charges of first - degree murder and first - degree robbery.
Kim will be Lindsey Butterfield's (Sophie Austin) younger uh okay I mean sister and kelly Butterfield older sister she has been billed as volatile and will cause trouble for the Roscoe family.
The John Rylands Library and Manchester University Library, now the John well I mean um Rylands University Library, merged in 1972 and the special collections so well so built up by both libraries were concentrated in the Deansgate building.
The SFD runs at Basic Life Support emergency I mean um I mean medical services level with about half the firefighters well like you know being Certified First Responders and the others are basic Emergency Medical Technicians, and one firefighter is a Paramedic.
His seat was within Lanna's capital Chiang Mai, but he never held any true administrative power.
After Stalin's death he returned to Ukraine, and on 9 July 1958 the Cherkassy Regional Trial rehabilitated him.
He contends in multiple lawsuits that Nygard harming the environment around Clifton like okay you know Bay, Bahamas, where both have compounds, and has engaged in a smear campaign against him.
This article details the Bradford Bulls rugby league well okay I mean football club's 2006 season, the 11th season of the Super League era.
It was filmed in Carriacou in the Grenadines, where a complete town market was built and destroyed.
The film, released on 27 September 2013, faced problems well I mean so with piracy as half of the movie got leaked to the internet prior to its release.
As the value of the cowry was very much greater so um you know in West Africa than in the regions from which the uh you know I mean supply was obtained, the trade was extremely lucrative, and in okay well well some cases the gains are said to have been 500 %.
Keith Bell is credited with changing the atmosphere of uh um you know South and has helped the school reach academic excellence I mean um I mean over the other two high schools in the district as seen in the scores of the state standardized testing (OGT).
Wild Horse is a hamlet in southern Alberta in Cypress County, located on Highway 41, southwest of Medicine Hat.
Despite this, Buffy still doesn't believe that Warren deserved uh um so to die for killing Tara or Katrina, but she well okay like and Xander agree that Jonathan and Andrew don't deserve to die since they never killed anybody.
Bell attended the Volksschule in Cologne, followed by the like um okay Realprogymnasium in Cologne - Nippes and the Realgymnasien in Düsseldorf and Munich.
In 2015, he ran for the open mayor's seat when well okay well the interim mayor, Bill Sutton, did not seek re-election and won okay uh okay by a 16 % margin of victory in I mean okay um a race mostly characterized by the pace of residential growth.
She has worked with popular hip - hop artists such as I mean well well Nicki Minaj and Lil' Mama and is the daughter of Grand Tone of the Grand Masters of Funk.
In her ninth or tenth year she was sent with I mean uh you know her siblings to complete her education in Leiden, The Netherlands, where uh like I mean was taught classic and modern languages, art and literature, and showed especial inclinations toward philosophical studies.
Screenwriter of the original 'Hitman' film, Skip Woods wrote you know you know so the screenplay with Mike Finch and filming is said to take place in Berlin and Singapore this summer.
Jonathan Thirkield is an American poet, currently living in New York City.
Filip Višnjić (Serbian Cyrillic: Филип Вишњић) (1767 -- 1834) was a so um like popular Bosnian Serb poet and guslar (gusle player), known by I mean well so some as the 'Serbian Homer' both because he was blind and for his poetic gift.
In August 2012, Beasley was shot 3 times and drove himself to a hospital where he was released the following day.
He married actress Nicole Taylor Hart in 2000; their wedding okay you know you know was featured in the 2001 February issue of 'In Style' magazine.
Today, the station has only significance for the well um um regional traffic, it is the terminus of the Dresden S - Bahn.
The species has also been observed in Kashmir, though this is rare um you know like. Birds frequently establish themselves in areas with a suitable climate and can then colonize new areas nearby.
For the 2012 elections, the Iowa Legislature passed a plan you know um like that went into effect in 2013 for the 113th U. S. Congress.
Sometimes 'Daphnia' may be used in certain environments to um I mean I mean test the effects of toxins on an ecosystem, you know okay I mean which makes them' an indicator genus, particularly useful because of its short lifespan and reproductive capabilities.
A video for 'Breakfast in NYC', directed by Brian uh you know um Philip Davis was also produced to coincide so like so with the single release, and was made available on the Oppenheimer MySpace page.
His men and commanders were more experienced, and his tactics so I mean like simpler and easier for them to follow, and intelligence uh you know so on enemy dispositions considerably better thanks to the work of the aviators of No. 1 Squadron, Australian Flying Corps.
Salt Lake City lies between the Wasatch Range and the well okay um Mount Nebo, a triple peak rising above Nephi, um well you know Utah at the southern end of the range, is the highest peak of the Wasatch.
On December 3, 2009 he was waived and claimed by the Panthers on December 4, 2009.
He has taught at Harvard and Columbia University, and is now a professor emeritus at New York University.
The templar caste constitutes the military, and the khalai caste includes all other Protoss.
It is a member of various academic partnerships and alliances, um okay like such as the G20 Schools and the Global Alliance of Leading - Edge Schools.
In the meantime, and together sink a straggler from well uh I mean the convoy, and the escort is reinforced by the 2 additional Canadian corvettes HMCS 'Chambly' and HMCS 'Orillia'.
Seven times married, all of which ended in divorce well uh well and none of which lasted more than three years, she acquired so like like grand foreign titles but was maliciously treated and often exploited by several of her husbands.
All songs recorded by the Paradimes have been written by well so so Mark 'Guxy' Guy, and in spring 2012, the group released you know you know like their debut album, 'Genius by the Mile' and is currently playing live shows.
The 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami caused serious I mean uh um damage to various areas of the Pacific coast in like you know so northeast Japan, and Fukushima faced fears of meltdown of the reactors at the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant.
The king Savant Singh was a poet also and he I mean like um wrote under the name of Nagari Dās, as well as a devout um uh you know member of the Vallabhācārya sect, which worships the lord in his appearance on Earth as Krishna, the divine lover.
Yangyang was instrumental in introducing Western culture and the American um like uh lifestyle to millions of Chinese viewers and her you know well um role on 'Hello Hollywood' from 2009 - 2012 included live reporting for so um so red carpets, movie premieres, award shows and other major Hollywood events.
Lola Glaudini, born November 24, 1972 is an American actress born in New York City.
Upon discovering that the mentioned site was no longer accepting well um uh GIFs, Gould began watching flash animby the flashflashflahs jjjjjjjimprovement, he uh I mean you know abandoned the program and moved to Macromedia Flash in November 2002.
Of the 259 Hall Class locomotives built, 11 have I mean I mean um been preserved with no. 4979 being one of several Halls salvaged from Woodhams' Scrapyard.
After graduating, he opened his gallery at 44a Charlotte so uh like Road in Shoreditch, and worked with many of the artists so um well of the YBA movement including Tracey Emin, Sarah Lucas and Gavin Turk.
Amon Sûl is the elvish (Sindarin) name for Weathertop, the you know I mean okay hill on the East - West road in Eriador, about midway between the Shire and Rivendell.
Having left school at 16 and drifted through various like so okay jobs including a labourer, mortuary technician, artist's model and um like okay theatrical agency assistant, Arnott became an actor with I mean well um the Red Ladder Company in Leeds and appeared as a mummy in the film 'The Mummy'.
Several verbs can use classifiers or not, with no you know I mean okay change in meaning: 'ne' eat', 'pada' hold', and 'li' lie'.
Power MOSFETs have a different structure than the lateral MOSFET: okay well well as with all power devices, their structure is vertical and not planar.
The members of White Zombie claimed to have been more uh I mean uh pleased with the production of 'Soul - Crusher' than any other okay okay well previous recording and praised Wharton Tiers for giving them creative freedom during the recording process.
Aquaculture started in New Zealand in the I mean okay like late 1960s, growing, on average, 13 percent per year between 1985 and 2005.
Severe flooding of the Saguenay's tributary rivers from July 18 well so well to 21, 1996, devastated the region in one of Canada's costliest natural disasters, the Saguenay Flood.
A student in the theatrical arts at the University okay like well of Abuja, and a master's degree graduate in well you know uh Directing at the New York Film Academy (NYFA), well like um she made her first film, ', starring Omotola Jalade - Ekeinde and Genevieve Nnaji in 2010.
He played SEC Prosecutor Jeff Malone in the fourth um I mean I mean season of 'Suits', and he was cast as the angel Amenadiel in the Fox series 'Lucifer'.
A comprehensive study on the contemporary industrial environment in Indian well um um economy in the globalisaton context was first of kind like so I mean in the country. The book in this area is two volumes so you know so published with the co operation of 25 scholars okay I mean uh from the academic world of the country is a globally accepted work.
She has a 'sturdy' build as said by her grandfather like you know okay who she was close with before his passing and she is also a talented bass player.
Then, Byron went into his boxing stance again and um you know you know as the Ambassador was about to do uh I mean well the same, Byron punches it again and it let go of its defence.
Although a number of earlier scholars have argued for well okay well a borrowing from Latin 'symbola', the prevalent view today is um like okay that Old English 'symbel', Old Saxon 'symbal' Heliand', line 3340: 'sittan at sumble'.
Facing this threat, Queen Min secretly requested military intervention from I mean uh um China's Qing dynasty, and after three days the revolt I mean like um was suppressed by 1500 troops of the Chinese garrison based in Seoul led by General Yuan Shikai.
The airfield at Duxford is now home to a large well so I mean number of remarkable and unique aircraft, possibly one of the most significant collections in the UK.
Hampton Normal and Agricultural Institute in Virginia was of like like okay national importance, as was Tuskegee Normal School for Colored like you know you know Teachers, founded in 1881 by Hampton alumnus Booker T. Washington (1856 -- 1915).
Public school students in Kindergarten through twelfth grade attend the so uh I mean Toms River Regional Schools, a regional public school system uh um so primarily in Toms River Township that also serves students from Beachwood, Pine Beach and South Toms River.
It achieved 39, 000 PPV buys, the lowest since the um so I mean introduction of the WWE Network earlier in okay uh so the year, down from the previous year's 181, 000 buys.
Fear of contracting the disease caused thousands to flee you know okay you know the city and trade virtually stopped as people so like um were fearful of coming to the city or interacting with its inhabitants.
Barber became the manager in 1861 and took over operation of the mills in 1880.
Coritiba is the first club from the south of uh I mean so Brazil to have won a national title - the 1973 um you know well Torneio do Povo and to have competed in the so um so two main continental competitions; the Copa Libertadores and the Copa Sudamericana.
In vertebrate nervous systems very few neurons are 'identified' in I mean I mean like this sense -- in humans, there are believed to be I mean so okay none -- but in simpler nervous systems, some or all neurons may be thus unique.
This portion of Depeche Mode history is particularly memorable to fans, due I mean uh like to the fact that Andrew Fletcher was unable like um okay to continue with the increasingly grueling travel and tour schedule, and, um well uh citing 'mental instability' left the before the third leg was to start.
At this point, she starts to become seriously disturbed believing Warhol, and Girodias are controlling her.
In 1967, the Ngondoma Dam was constructed on the river I mean uh you know 67km northwest of the Kwekwe by air, and 54km southwest so like okay of Kadoma by air, to supply water to Empress Nickel Mine and Ngondoma Irrigation Scheme.
The sutra promotes the Bodhisattva ideal as a difficult, okay I mean so strictly monastic path suited only for the few and does not mention any other central Mahayana doctrines.
Israel Gregg (February 20, 1775 - June 20, 1847) was okay um um captain of the Enterprise in 1814 during two voyages from you know uh well Louisville to Pittsburgh, demonstrating for the first time that steamboat commerce was practical on the Ohio River.
Khalifa has a tattoo of the opening line of uh you know um the Lebanese National Anthem and another of the Lebanese Forces so okay I mean Cross; the latter she got in 2012 after a you know you know okay bombing in Lebanon, claiming it was to 'show solidarity with my father's political views'.
During the last five years of his career, Davidson took like uh um 170 Test wickets at 19. 25 in 32 Tests, and you know like okay after his departure, Australia struggled to bowl out their opposition, winning only one Test series in the next four years.
Greenway married in July 2006 to Jennifer Capista, a former you know so okay track and field athlete at Iowa, the couple had a daughter, Maddyn, in summer 2007.
Baramati is considered to be one of the future domestic airports well I mean I mean in the region, with the runway being extended in length to accommodate larger aircraft.
Meanwhile Whatzat and Garcia die during an escape attempt and also you know like I mean learn from Mrs. Glass that Whatzat name was Charlie Moore.
According to the U. S. Census Bureau, the county you know so okay has a total area of, of which is I mean um you know land and (1. 05 %) is water. T he county okay um um is located some sixty miles north of the geographic center of Texas.
In 2011 Gluck wrote and directed a short, 'A um um I mean Lesson in Love', which follows a young Hasidic couple who venture so I mean well out of their segregated community to escape its laws of modesty in order to battle their infidelity.
Some of notable Ministers serving within this region um like you know are Rev. Mwamba, Rev. Karanja, Rev. Nduwamungu and Rev. Zachary Gioko.
He made an independent Western, 'The Sundowners' (1950) and did 'Bunco Squad' (1951) at RKO.
Park usually plays in a penalty killing role and so uh I mean is considered an above - average skater he also served as like so um the Islanders alternate captain in the 2008 -- 09 season.
The best strategy is also to keep a four - of like uh so - a - kind and try to throw a um so okay Yahtzee, even after the first throw. The player should not keep a three - of - a - kind.
Before leaving, John told Winston to warn everyone that well I mean um he will kill anyone who comes to find him well um okay before he flee past the watchful eyes of assassins in New York City.
Ghostie was among the rapists mentioned above in 'Marabou Stork Nightmares'.
In early January of 2011, Flipsyde announced that they you know so uh were regrouping but this time with only three members, Paige having like like like chosen to continue pursuing her solo career and no longer tour with the band.
Its present form, in the style of a you know okay like French Renaissance château, dates from the 19th century, although at its core is a 14th - century tower house.
Dr. Murali Sivaramakrishnan is a poet, writer, painter well so um and critic -- a specialist in Indian aesthetics and literary theory.
The paramedic training consist of two major parts: schooling um you know so and internship, almost evenly divided into two one - year terms.
Capones Island Lighthouse is a historic lighthouse located in like you know you know Capones Grande Island off the coast of San Antonio, Pundaquit in the province of Zambales, in the Philippines.
It is rare for a revolution to involve um you know so as much as 1 percent of a country's population; like so you know the French, Russian, and Romanian revolutions may have passed the 1 percent mark.
A mayor and council were selected by the so you know okay richer merchants and landowners; the mayor was titled the 'Sovereign so so you know of Naas' and carried a ceremonial mace until the post was abolished in 1840.
Kuchar is Slavic surname meaning 'Cook' and is pronounced 'koo - khar'.
Clareification evolved gradually in the mid-late 1990s as a newsletter of the um like I mean Union of Clare Students which was padded out um so so with comedy articles, and gradually turned into a uh um okay weekly 8 page comedy paper with only the occasional piece of real news.
Calcium - binding proteins are proteins that participate in calcium so uh I mean cell signalling pathways by binding to Ca 2 +, um uh okay the calcium ion that plays an important role in many cellular processes.
There are two tones, High (H) and Low (L), I mean um you know and automatic downstep, where a H following a so like you know L is always pronounced on a lower pitch than the preceding H, within the same phonological phrase.
Pawnship was a common form of collateral in so okay you know West Africa, which involved the pledge of a person okay um um ( or a member of the person's family ) to service to a person providing credit.
Some time later he began to occasionally present a I mean you know uh different style show than what he'd become known for, a séance based performance entitled 'Epitaph'.
A young girl, Rydia, is the only survivor I mean well um and summons an earthquake in anger, separating Cecil and Kain.
The coyotes had been mutated by the FAYZ so that uh um okay they are now more intelligent and can speak I mean well so. They take lana to the darkness who orders her to teach the coyotes human ways.
The arena was built as a new home for the Lightning um you know okay to replace the Thunderdome in St. Petersburg, Florida, which has since so I mean so changed its name to Tropicana Field and is currently home to Major League Baseball's Tampa Bay Rays.
US official historian Samuel Morison wrote in his 1949 account that well okay okay the RAAF Hudson's crew failed to report the sighting until after I mean well like they had landed and even had tea; this claim made international headlines and was repeated by many subsequent historians.
It is who originally created the edits that Devanampriya uh so uh insinuated were created by JJ in his numbers 1, 2 and 4 at the top of this page.
He did his schooling at Sherwood College, well okay you know Nainital, before enrolling at the Prince of Wales Royal Military okay you know so College in Dehradun and later joined the Royal Military College, Sandhurst.
The 'Dalpat Vilas' is the surviving fragment of so uh like a historical manuscript and is the earliest known Rajput source of Mughal - Rajput relations.
The Union Rescue Mission in Los Angeles served 2, 500 you know okay you know meals in Brenden's name, and his neighbors made 200 sandwiches in his honor.
This victory put an end to the war of um I mean um succession and by the Treaty of Guérande, in 1365, the king I mean so um of France recognized John of Montfort as duke of Brittany.
He composed the chorale cantata in Leipzig for the uh like well Sunday, the Sunday before Lent, and first performed it on 11 February 1725.
Extra unused cards in your hand are points, and uh well like you can knock when it's your turn with 7 or you know um so less points, in lieu of drawing, and stop the you know okay uh current hand, every one shows their hand at the time and adds up their points.
Arriva London has gained the contract for route 67 from 27 April 2013 and 230 from 22 June 2013.
The company was specialized in producing armored fighting so I mean well vehicles. Vehicles included EE - T1 Osório, EE - 9 Cascavel, EE - 11 Urutu.
In 1750 Tobias was appointed bishop of Tyre and um uh um Vice-Patriarch and at the death of Simon Awad, Tobias succeeded at being elected patriarch on February 28, 1756.
Fidgeon's wife, Patrice, is associate editor of 'New Idea' um uh so magazine; he had a step - daughter, Kate, two you know I mean you know children Adam and Jodie and four grandchildren Chelsea, Georgia, Ella and Emily.
Hindu King in Islamic India' (OUP, 2003); scholars you know okay so from the institute had collaborated with Laine on information you know uh um by for his the book about the founder I mean so okay of the Maratha Empire, Shivaji, which the group had viewed as being insulting to Shivaji.
Few WikiKnights are ready on day one, ancient scripts so so I mean tell of apprentices who foolishly challenged a WikiDragon and barely escaped to tell about their misadventure.
Samuel Pearson 'Terry' Goddard III (born January 29, you know okay you know 1947) was the Attorney General of Arizona, from 2003 to you know well okay 2011, who also served as Mayor of Phoenix, Arizona, from 1984 to 1990.
In the summer of 1969 riots again erupted so like well after an Omaha police officer fatally shot a teenager um okay I mean named Vivian Strong in the Logan Fontenelle Projects so like uh leading to three days of rioting that effectively destroyed the Near North Omaha business area.
After studies at Hofstra University, he worked for New York so okay I mean Telephone before he was elected to the New York State Assembly uh I mean like to represent the 16th District in Northwest Nassau County in 1986.
Benford began Executive producing Independent films in 2007 then in um um you know 2009 Vassal Benford expanded his companies and began producing, scoring, and distributing feature films.
Camp Stanley is slated to close by 2016 in line you know I mean okay with the ongoing draw - down and realignment of American forces in South Korea.
Bernard Hunt and Bobby Locke led the um um well qualifiers at 137; the qualifying score was 149 and 96 players advanced to the opening round on Wednesday.
Furthermore, the existence of immune complexes provides another well well uh explanation for seronegative disease (i. E. False - negative antibody uh like like tests of blood and cerebrospinal fluid), as studies like well um have shown that substantial numbers of seronegative Lyme patients have antibodies bound up in these complexes.
St Enoch became the passenger terminus for the Glasgow uh well I mean and South Western Railway, but other companies made little use well well like of it; however the general goods terminal at College you know you know I mean became important, and goods and mineral traffic were the dominant traffic of the through route.
The mute throws down a rope to allow him I mean okay uh to escape and as his memory recovers he and the mute start a journey to an unknown location.
It's going to be a big favourite in the so I mean so live set - we shot the video last week well like well and invited a bunch of our friends and fans I mean you know okay down to be in it and they were all singing along after the first listen.
The ICW - ATC became the 'India China Division ATC' (ICD - you know well um ATC), while the Eastern Sector, carrying out the Hump well like you know operation, was redesignated the 'Assam Wing', and the Western Sector support organization became the 'India Wing'.
Two of the boatmen are hanged but Morse does not believe that they were the perpetrators.
He was known for his concern for international relations and I mean okay uh is attributed for introducing coffee production as the basis of El Salvador's economy.
Hewish was awarded the Nobel Prize, along with like I mean um Martin Ryle, without the inclusion of Bell as a co-recipient, you know like like which stoked controversy and was roundly condemned by Hewish's fellow astronomer Sir Fred Hoyle.
Founded in 1928, it plays in the 3ª - Group okay well uh 18, holding home games at 'Estadio Salto del Caballo', with a seating capacity of 5, 300.
Ordained in 1873, he emigrated to Kobe three years later After so like well a three year curacy in Liverpool Who's Who (Ibid) and okay okay well spent the rest of his ministry there, amongst other achievements well okay well translating The Imitation of Christ by Thomas à Kempis into the vernacular.
The suit was abandoned by Caldwell and uh like uh according to Scott, she was never served with papers for the suit.
In Game Four, Vásquez substituted for starting point guard Mike uh okay okay Conley, who had gotten into foul trouble, during his 13 I mean um okay minutes of playing time, he had nine points and two assists as Memphis won, 104 -- 86.
Ralph Greenleaf (born 3 November 1899 in Monmouth, Illinois, um well like died 15 March 1950) was an American professional pool um uh like player, a twenty - time World Pocket Billiards Champion, whose ability and charisma dominated the sport during his heyday.
Some film sources have said that the film um you know so was co-directed by Lou Place and co-produced by Roger Corman and Samuel Z. Arkoff.
Bayport was a station stop along the Montauk Branch you know uh um and the first depot opened around March 1869 and razed around 1903.
PERMIS is a policy based authorisation system that implements the so um um NIST standard RBAC and provides a privilege management infrastructure using I mean I mean um encryption technologies (X. 509 attribute certificates) to maintain users' attributes.
In chemistry, esters are chemical compounds that are derived I mean I mean you know from an inorganic acid or organic acid in well uh okay which at least one - OH (hydroxyl) group is replaced by an - O - alkyl (alkoxy) group.
'Tino' founded the 'Rächer Basel', a Halbstarken group which didn't persist for a long time.
It has been designated as a Site of uh you know well Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) and is stewarded by the Coventry and District Natural History and Scientific Society.
Morality ( from the Latin 'manner, character, proper behavior' so you know so ) is the differentiation of intentions, decisions and actions you know like uh between those that are distinguished as proper and those that are improper.
On October 17, 2008, Johnson joined ESPN / ABC as a like I mean so studio analyst for two seasons, until he received an offer to become head coach of the New Jersey Nets.
They enjoy the company of Peter Pan but seem malevolent um so um towards everybody else, including the fairies, and show a you know like okay particular dislike of Wendy, who is Peter's 'special' female interest.
Lily Smith (neé Nash) made her first appearance on uh um like 30 November 2001 following her birth, played by Harriet Tapley and Simone Medici.
The premises were rebuilt and integrated in 1910 - well well well 20 to a design by Sir Reginald Blomfield and became um so you know a popular place of assignation for Londoners for many generations.
The journal is now published by Sage Publications on behalf of so well okay the CILIP who assumed the ownership of the title in 2002 you know so okay following the merger of IIS with the Library Association to form CILIP.
This season will mark the show's debut on the like you know uh FX network as well as the debut of Jon Anik as the show's host.
Freitas competed for his native country and won a so um I mean silver medal at the Pan American Games in Mar del okay so well Plata, and afterwards turned into a professional boxer on July 14, 1995, against Adriano Jose Soares.
The company's largest shareholder is the world's third largest well okay okay company by revenue, ExxonMobil is also the second largest publicly traded company by market capitalization.
It's believed that Bangor Blues pre-date virtually every other well uh okay product in the roofing market, so it is fitting well so like that a local company should take proud ownership of this prestigious brand.
Direct metal laser sintering (DMLS) is an additive metal like so well fabrication (sintering) technology developed by EOS of Munich, Germany, um well okay often confused with the similar technical processes, selective laser sintering (SLS) or selective laser melting (SLM).
Research indicates that Palata is from a Slavic language, well uh okay and refers to the spears (there is a you know you know uh better, liturgical word) that are crossed and planted in the ground, to indicate the presence of a church.
Trøgstad is a municipality in the county of Østfold, Norway and was established January 1, 1838 (see formannskapsdistrikt).
Lester had a half - sister and three half - brothers you know I mean like one who is Craig Patrick, noted assistant coach 1980 U you know so like. S Olympic Hockey team and former General Manager of the Pittsburgh Penguins.
Allen was born in Lawton, Oklahoma, where he was um so you know heavily involved with Speech and Drama and directed the senior play as a sophomore.
After the Partition of India, the family migrated okay like so to Ahmedabad, India where he joined the Post and Telegraph Department.
Church government is presbyterial in nature; the Bible is the church's only rule of faith and practice.
Kevin Fitzgerald Corrigan (born March 27, 1969) is an American well uh well actor best known for his portrayal of 'Uncle Eddie' on the sitcom 'Grounded For Life'.
Zile Huma was born into a filmi and musical well well well family in Pre-Partition India as the youngest of the three uh uh well children of famed singer / actress Madam Noor Jehan and filmmaker Syed Shaukat Hussain Rizvi.
In the fourth chapter, 'Origins', Socarides suggested that serial uh so okay killer and cannibal Jeffrey Dahmer was an extreme example of a common homosexual type.
Levi was elected as a Fellow of the American I mean I mean well Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2001 and was president of the American Political Science Association for 2004 - 05.
Hamilton had made callous remarks regarding Burr, believing his honor had been offended, Burr had challenged Hamilton to a duel.
At 14 she joined the adult movie before so you know uh that she work at the Salon of her young auntie.
The track will be teal with the bottom being neon yellow; the supports will be white.
'My Sweet Lord' is a song by English musician like I mean okay and former Beatle George Harrison that was released in November 1970 on his triple album 'All Things Must Pass'.
He married Mary, the daughter of James Atkinson of Newcastle well you know okay and his eldest son, James Henry Hollis Bradford, later well like I mean changed his surname to Atkinson in compliance with the will of one Ralph Atkinson.
Dr. Wood's teaching and research focuses on how communication is effected by gender, culture, personal relationships, and feminist theories.
A reopening is scheduled for June 2018 featuring the um like like premiere of a new musical, 'Moulin Rouge!', based on okay I mean I mean the film by Baz Luhrmann, prior to a possible Broadway run.
Tunisia has a very diverse population of people I mean okay I mean coming from all around the world though the vast majority um I mean I mean are Arab / Berber (98 %) followed by European (1 %) and Jewish (1 %).
Primary Education in Zambia is the foundation of every uh so um one who gets into school, going from grade 1 okay I mean so - 7 with students then expected to pass the exams um um well set by the Examination Council of Zambia at the end of the grade 7 school year.
Born in Lyon, Ballanche was seventeen when his well I mean I mean imagination was marked for life by the horrors of the okay uh I mean Revolution when in 1793 the city's royalist revolt against you know you know so the authority of the revolutionary Convention ended with guillotining or summary execution of about 700 people.
Portugal has qualified for thirteen individual quota places, I mean you know uh six in men's events and seven in women's events, based well um um on the results at the 2014 Canoe Sprint European Championships.
Jayah served 27 years as the principal of Zahira college, until so uh uh his retirement in 1948, which is generally considered as the golden age of the Zahira College.
He founded the Sanatan Dharma Maha Sabha in 1952, which grew into the major Hindu organisation in Trinidad and Tobago.
'Queen of the Night' is a song by Whitney okay uh well Houston, and was the fifth and final single released from the 'The Bodyguard' soundtrack album.
As he is rebuked for his foiled plan, the well you know um Frenchmen launch the rabbit out of the castle by means of a catapult.
This can be shown dramatically when a molecule is adsorbed on a well so okay surface - the STM image may appear to have either I mean I mean um INCREASED or DECREASED height at that feature, although the geometry alone is certainly an INCREASED height.
Roaring Lion achieved fame for his linguistic prowess, and well okay so many of his 'war calypsos' (essentially insult songs) presage so well uh the lyrics of similar hip hop songs by over 50 years.
Robert 'Bob' Hastie (27 July 1861 -- 9 April 1914) was I mean okay uh an Australian politician who was a member of the um well well Legislative Assembly of Western Australia from 1901 to 1905.
All male bodybuilders work towards achieving a physique similar to well okay like that of Jan Be, who is also known for his you know okay uh witty 'Janter', whereas female competitors attempt to become Jan's sister who is described as both 'lethal' and 'delicious'.
The nitride ion (N 3 −) is isoelectronic with I mean uh uh the oxide anion, O 2 −, and the like you know well fluoride anion, F − and has an ionic radius estimated to be 140 pm.
Blanche of Lancaster (March 25, 1345 -- September so I mean uh 12, 1369 Bolingbroke Castle) was an English noblewoman, daughter of okay well okay Henry of Grosmont, 1st Duke of Lancaster by his wife Isabel de Beaumont.
In 1990, John Cofran, using census records, so well uh said that she was born as Ada C. McCord, you know well you know in Memphis, Tennessee in late 1830, the daughter of an Irish merchant Richard McCord and his wife Catherine.
Johnson gave birth to her second child, a okay like um girl, in May 2007, whom she named Clover, and announced plans to have a third child within two years.
In the summer of 1785 Hülsen attended the university of Halle, to study theology, but instead occupied himself with Classical philology.
He has established 20 science companies during his career, and was twice elected 'Cambridge Businessman of the Year'.
The Shaiva ascetic worldview emphasizes a radical separation so uh well from the mainstream social world and complete commitment to liberation um well well from Samsara, the cycle of birth and death, while Vaishnavas um okay um emphasize remaining engaged in the non-sadhu social world through compassionate service.
The popular notion of black clothing is likely rooted so like uh in artistic convention; early drawings of ninja were showed I mean okay um them dressed in black in order to portray a sense of invisibility.
His first action was to move against the um uh like barbarian tribes that had been gathered by Aurelian for okay I mean well his Eastern campaign, and which had plundered the Eastern Roman provinces after Aurelian had been murdered and the campaign cancelled.
West Virginia Route 971 is a short north - south state highway in Wyoming County, West Virginia.
He wrote almost 800 poems, seven theatrical plays and some I mean uh like prose. Many og the writings were of high quality and aimed okay I mean you know to criticize the Establishment or advocate diverse social and cultural issues.
A variation of this song is also used at uh okay you know Disney World's Magic Kingdom 'HalloWishes' fireworks show, and in parades at you know I mean uh Disneyland Paris Resort and Hong Kong Disneyland during the Halloween season.
Antony 'Ratt' Crowther is a former designer, programmer and musician okay okay so of Commodore 64 games, during the 1980s, working for Alligata, Gremlin Graphics and later Crowther's own company, Wizard Development.
When Admiral Yi is portrayed as a boy, he you know well uh is shown to be a weak, shy, and so I mean um lonely boy when in fact he showed leadership and creativity at an early age.
The case also attracted international attention and Gerard Croiset, so uh I mean a parapsychologist (and reputed psychic) from the Netherlands, was um well I mean brought to Australia, causing a media frenzy; however, his um you know well story changed from day to day and offered no clues.
The study of mathematics as a subject in its own right begins well uh like in the 6th century BC with the Pythagoreans, who coined um um well the term 'mathematics' from the ancient Greek 'μάθημα' ( 'mathema' ), meaning 'subject of instruction'.
There were rumours of a few scenes of love between so you know okay Alauddin and Padmini in this film, which led to so I mean well protests from a Rajput caste organization called Shri Rajput Karni Sena, whose members accused Bhansali of distorting history.
Phonology also encompasses variations in pronunciation that help to explain patterns in the pronunciation of words.
After losing Kettle Hill, Linares's men still so I mean so on San Juan Hill began to fire on the so like I mean Rough Riders' newly won position on the summit, using both okay okay like small arms and time - fused artillery shells, causing several casualties.
He served as Master of Roxbury High School from 1919 you know you know uh to 1924 and Jr. Master from 1924 to like I mean like 1926, head of department from 1926 to 29, so you know uh and professor from 1929 to 1934 at Boston Technical College.
The Battle of Wizards' is a simple turn based strategy um you know well game where the player (s) take the role of wizards who vie with one another to rule the game.
The Guardia Civil is a Spanish military police and civilian so okay uh police force founded in 1844 by Queen Isabel II uh well so of Spain after the First Carlist War to okay so you know assure the occupation within the newly created borders at the Pyrenees.
After the treaty was signed, Shanti Bahini insurgents formally laid I mean so uh down their arms and received monetary compensation from the um um you know government and more than 50, 000 displaced people were able to return to their homes.
After impressing for Portadown Henry got the chance to okay so okay move to Royal Antwerp FC however due to so okay um homesickness McStay ended his contract with the Belgian club at like um so the end of January 2008 and went in search of a new start in Britain.
In 1936, the 106 Aero Squadron was consolidated with uh um okay the 106th Observation Squadron of the Alabama National guard which I mean well well had been founded as the 135th Observation Squadron by former WWI ace, James Armand Meissner on 21 January 1922.
After serving a tour in the U. S like you know I mean. Army, he returned to New York in 1953 and uh well you know started writing, first for 'Women's Wear Daily 'and then for the' Chicago Tribune'.
Wright was born in London, England and died in Ryde, Sydney, New South Wales.
Most of the volunteers left between 1999 and 2001, and I mean um like by mid- 2002 the support portion of ePeople was removed.
However, previously mated females are driven by a different like so you know reason, the fact that they are less likely to be attractive to males.
'Someday' is a song by Canadian rock band Nickelback, you know uh you know released by Nickelback in August 2003 as the uh like um lead single from their 2003 album 'The Long Road'.
When a relative of Andrew Butler, Preston Brooks, heard I mean uh um of it, he felt that Sumner's behavior merited less like um um than a duel and so beat him senseless on the floor of the Senate with a wooden walking cane.
Xavier Rudd grew up in Torquay, Victoria, where he attended St Joseph's College, Geelong.
The week after that he went back to being called I mean okay okay Johnny Devine as well as betraying his fellow X Division so well so stars and accompanying Team 3D to the ring for matches, leading to Ray and Devon giving him the nickname 'Brother Devine'.
It is her first single for Republic Nashville, and served okay like like as the lead - off single fromher album 'Eleven', which was released on October 11, 2011.
Statewide board examinations are conducted at the end of the so uh like period of secondary education and students who qualify are allowed to okay you know I mean pursue a two - year pre-university course; after which students become eligible to pursue under - graduate degrees.
They followed the trail to 'Peg - leg' Jim so okay like Wilson's ranch on Eagle Creek the evening of May 31 where they spent the night.
John R. Cooper (born 1947), is a Republican member okay well uh of the Arkansas State Senate and a retiree from American Telephone and Telegraph in Jonesboro, Arkansas.
Located in Chanakyapuri, New Delhi, CRIS was established as a uh like so registered society in 1986 by the Ministry of Railways of India, um uh like as an umbrella organization for all computer activities on Indian Railways (IR).
A Cryocooler is a standalone cooler of table - top like you know like size which is used to cool some particular application to cryogenic temperatures.
Several religions have prospered simultaneously and at different periods okay uh like of time and elements of Hinduism, Buddhism, Jainism and Islam can be found in the city.
In September 2014, Jean Sulpice participated in the Epicure Culinary okay well uh Festival in Zürich and in June 2014, he took part you know so so in a culinary workshop, organized by Uncle Ben's, with parents and children.
Yeovil Country Park, which includes Ninesprings, is one of several open spaces with educational, cultural and sporting facilities.
A song belongs on the list below 'only' like like you know if the song is notably about Portland, although the song may um like you know additionally be notable for other reasons too; therefore, this list okay well well does not include notable songs that merely mention Portland in passing.
Reckless was educated at Marlborough College, before He graduating um um like in PPE from Christ Church, Oxford; before receiving an MBA from Columbia Business School.
Apprenticed to the hatter's trade, he moved to um uh I mean Danbury, Connecticut, in 1887 and was employed as a journeyman hatter.
For example, mixtapes can contain original beats with like um you know samples in them that have not been cleared, so uh I mean however there is generally no legal recourse because the you know well well mixtape is free and so no profit is being made from the work.
Koshinski was part of the team that created the you know um you know new FM all - sports format and had success against so so okay WGR - 550 AM until Adelphia sold the station to WGR's owner, Entercom Communications, in 2004.
For a better understanding we have to realise that until well you know like the mid 20th century houses were heated by open fires um uh like in chimneys or by stoves, and the lack of I mean you know okay isolation made many a house very draughty and cold during winter.
He turned professional in 1982, joining Peugeot, before like I mean okay moving on to Fangor, before joining the American team 7 um well um - Eleven and later team Motorola, where he rode with Lance Armstrong.
The crystals operated in the shortwave radio range, and were I mean uh uh developed to detect both white and ultraviolet light.
In 1962, she co-founded Siliconix, one of Silicon Valley's first semiconductor uh like you know houses and is the only woman included in the 'Semiconductor Family Tree'.
The first post-war model was the 1948 Mark V available so I mean okay with either 2. 5 - or 3. 5 - litre you know I mean well engines, and it had a more streamlined appearance than I mean uh I mean pre-war models, but more important was the change to independent front suspension and hydraulic brakes.
Suraj reaches the place where Amar and Suraj used you know I mean I mean to go and Amar who felt the voice of his friend calling him rushed to the place.
A group of friends looking for the ultimate high try their so uh so hands at a ouija board, they don't realize at first that like um so they have summonned a jinn, who can only be free well well uh once the people who summoned him are dead.
One of the reasons for his early popularity was you know um I mean his post-match courtesy to the fans; after each match, he so uh um would walk to every corner of the ground and applaud the Liverpool supporters.
The town is home to Halstead Cricket Club which okay like so fields three teams in the Marshall Hatchick Two Counties Championship.
This temple is an Irratai sannithi temple ie. There are two moolavars.
With the death of Kerins in June 1944, okay well uh the IRA no longer had a Chief of Staff, okay I mean um there was no longer a GHQ, or even so I mean well an IRA Army Council, there wasn't even a band of men to lead and call the IRA.
The spouse of a jonkheer is not named okay so I mean jonkvrouw but 'Madam', abbreviated as 'Mrs.' ( with the use of her husband's name ).
The sixth, seventh, and eighth Gurus did not write well uh um religious verses, however the ninth Guru, Guru Tegh Bahadur did like so I mean and the tenth Guru, Guru Gobind Singh included Guru Tegh Bahadur's writings into Guru Granth Sahib Ji.
He studied law in Cortland, New York, and was admitted to the bar in 1893.
Thus a tipping point may be passed um uh you know without any immediately obvious consequences, nor any acceleration of the warming process.
The scientific explanation for the incident, attested by Indian academics, I mean uh um was that the material was pulled up from the offering you know um um bowls by Hindu worshipper at a temple in south I mean uh well New Delhi made an offering of milk to a statue of Ganesha.
In fact few villagers would step out of their houses okay okay well. Apparantly, the leopard was so bold that it would bang uh so okay down doors, leap through windows, or claw through the mud or thatch walls of huts.
Gene Cornish (born May 14th, 1945) is an original member of like you know well the popular' 60s blue - eyed soul band the Rascals.
Later, after Homer was told of his existence and sought well like um out and found him; he lost his entire fortune um I mean you know and became a homeless person when he unwisely asked well you know like Homer to design his new model car for him.
The princess later forgave him for taking her to um uh like the dragon, but the memory of tying her to the so um uh stake, awaiting death with her eyes open and dry, uh I mean so still sometimes disturbs his dreams... That she was rescued and survived only eases the horror a little.
The band's first album, 'Only the Dead See the End okay I mean you know of the War', was produced by Alex Skolnick of Testament and was made available on March 9, 2010.
Gareth Craig Snell (born 1 January 1986) is a British Labour you know well okay Co-operative politician, who was elected the Member of Parliament well uh I mean (MP) for Stoke - on - Trent Central at the 2017 Stoke - on - Trent Central by - election.
The Ambashtha Community in India is spread thin into various well I mean um states, and their easiest identification is by the last (surname) name.
Victor never knew his father and is anxious to obtain uh well so the information from his mother but she never recognises um well um him when he visits and so he asks Denny to pose as him and ask her questions.
Immediately the insects and they're queen established a nest well okay like in the mine, after this the insects well like like began to abduct any nearby humans, presumably for food.
The path descends an incline to the River Ribble, okay um you know where once a stationary steam engine hauled waggons up the hill.
After a number of preliminary meetings Payne Best and I mean uh um Stevens met with Major Walter Schellenberg of the Foreign Intelligence (Counter-Espionage), who was masquerading as a 'Hauptmann (Captain) Schämmel'.
Although Pinky and the Brain plan to conquer the world, I mean like you know they do not show much; in a Christmas so um you know special Pinky even wrote to Santa that Brain had the world's best interests at heart.
However the Liberals were suffering from heightened internal tensions, like I mean well and John Olsen had successfully challenged Dean Brown like um like for the Liberal leadership in 1996 and had been um um I mean Premier of South Australia for around 12 months on election day.
By the time he was 18, he claimed he hag um uh so year the second outing of Eight Women was far more um uh you know successful as it won the Hachette Prix you know like well du Quai des Orfevres for Best Play in 1961.
Hajj Nematollah (1871 -- February 28, 1919) was born in you know uh you know Jeyhounabad, Iran and is considered one of the greatest leaders okay okay okay and mystics in Kurdish and Ahl - e Haqq history.
Curtis Moffat (1887 1949) was a pioneering abstract so um uh photographer, painter, and is considered an iconic pivotal figure in Modernist interior design.
Lydia is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera 'EastEnders', played by Marlaine Gordon between 1995 and 1996.
The is the only BMT Broadway service that does not I mean so okay stop here, since it bypasses using the center express tracks um uh I mean on its way to / from its northern terminus at 57th Street.
At the start of the War of Spanish Succession um so you know Portugal had allied with France, as part of this treaty the French had guaranteed the Portuguese naval protection.
Nikolaos Doxaras (1710 - 1775) was a Greek painter, of the Heptanese School, born in the Ionian islands.
The village has four pubs, The popular, Miners Arms, like uh well The Horse and Jockey and the Robin Hood, two Working uh uh I mean Men's Clubs one of which has been converted into a community centre called The Brig.
State Highway 1 crosses the Manawatu Plain, passing the city I mean you know like of Palmerston North about 20 km west okay okay well of it, passing through the town of Foxton, before reaching the end of the plain at the town of Levin.
The video caused Fujimori's remaining support to collapse, and immediately okay um okay he announced the firing of Montesinos, dissolution of the like you know um intelligence service and new elections -- in which he would not run.
The program consisted of two orbiters and two landers like okay you know -- these were the first two spacecraft to successfully land on Mars.
Fairhaven is a small seaside town on the south coast, uh like like bordering the Acushnet River to the west and Buzzards Bay to the south.
Among the competitors in the Juvenile was the like um like highly regarded California champion Bertrando, future Eclipse Award winner, who uh I mean well came into the Breeders' Cup having won the Grade I Norfolk Stakes and the Del Mar Futurity.
There are several amenities in the village okay so um such as the local GAA pitch and two pubs, and is home to renowned fiddle player Connie O'Connell.
Nick Holden (born 15 May 1987 in St. Albert, Alberta) well I mean uh is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who um well um made his debut in the NHL with the Columbus Blue Jackets during the 2010 -- 11 NHL season.
All forms of English refer to U. S. Citizens as um uh you know 'Americans', a term deriving from 'America'; in the English context, it so you know okay came to refer to inhabitants of British North America, and then the United States.
Pope Innocent I even agreed to it, provided they be done um um I mean in private, but the pagan priests said it could only be done uh um like publicly in the Roman forum, and the idea was abandoned.
Stanley Walter Pawloski (born September 6, 1931 in I mean you know um Wanamie, Pennsylvania) is an American former Major League Baseball second um so um baseman who played in two games for the Cleveland Indians during the 1955 Cleveland Indians season.
Stan, Francine and Hayley find themselves in the goo, and okay uh uh Francine blames Stan, until they realize that 'Steve', who um uh um was missing, put them in the goo as, like I mean you know so Stan, he wanted time away from the rest of the family.
It was established in 1858 by the Spanish colonial uh uh I mean authorities as the Jardín Botánico, which has been claimed like so um as Asia's first botanical garden, although it was predated by well well like others such as the Acharya Jagadish Chandra Bose Indian Botanic Garden.
Men's sports include basketball, cross country, golf, soccer and I mean so okay track & field; while women's sports include basketball, cross country, golf, soccer, track & field and volleyball.
Danzig defeated Justin Buchholz on February 6, 2010, at UFC 109 so uh you know by unanimous decision with all three judges scoring it so okay um 29 -- 28 for Danzig, snapping his three - fight losing streak.
During the 90s, LaCazio sang occasional backup I mean so you know for artists from Corey Hart to Purple Mountain Matinee and made an album, 'Eat Life', that was released June 23rd, 2009.
Ian Wallace (born September 29, 1946 in Bury, England, died February um like um 22, 2007 in Los Angeles) was a rock drummer and like okay okay session musician, best known as a member of progressive rock group King Crimson from 1971 - 1972.
The Panthers went 1 - 15, winning only their opener, I mean so I mean thus setting the record for most consecutive losses during a like you know uh single season in NFL history, which has since been broken by the 2008 Detroit Lions.
The Georgetown University School of Nursing and Health Studies like I mean I mean (NHS) has, since its founding in 1903, been at okay um well the forefront of education in the health care field, offering many programs unique to America's elite institutions.
Upon moving to New York City in 2004 from um I mean so Nashville, Jim found a position at Marvel Comics handling publicity and PR so uh like for publishing while managing press and panels at conventions.
The six aircraft crew were Spanish employees of Airbus like uh okay Defence and Space, four of them were killed and two were seriously injured.
Art and Industry', coauthored with Joseph Anderson, which gave the first English language account of Japanese film.
Joshua Givens, an interpreter, was widely suspected of being dishonest, okay like uh and was accused of forcing some to sign and tricking others into thinking they were signing against the agreement.
It may receive government funds, however, it's board must be independent.
It is the 'Home Of The Lloyd Loom,' a reference to wicker furniture maker Lloyd / Flanders.
Since the vehicles are battery powered, there's no need for um uh uh electrification along the track, instead the vehicles recharge when parked at the stations.
The earthquake originated in the Southern Appalachian Seismic Zone (SASZ), um like I mean among the most active seismic areas in the Southeastern United well uh um States and one capable of producing moderately strong earthquakes, a few of which cause damage.
Carl - Heinz Birnbacher (26 May 1910 in Villach okay you know okay -- 5 December 1991) was a German naval officer uh I mean um during World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross of Nazi Germany.
Graham Upton (born 30 April 1944) was the Vice-Chancellor of Oxford Brookes University, from September 1997 to August 2007.
In an interview with 'Billboard', Ameriie discussed two album so I mean um tracks, 'Sodom & G' and 'Run for Cover': '(' Run for you know okay um Cover' is ) kind of like a metaphor (for) self suppression.
A lyric video was released on February 1, 2017, featuring Grande okay okay okay in an oversized down jacket dancing and singing in front of a row of spotlights.
He landed to claim it as salvage, having detected no like so I mean life - signs aboard, but replies that 'the crew like um I mean objected', even though there was nothing alive on the planet.
Eventually she decided to go to Europe where she spent a uh I mean well number of months studying with Sara Charles - Cahier before launching a highly successful European singing tour.
In the 2001 Singapore General Election, Chee led another uh I mean so team that lost, garnering only 20. 2 % of the votes in Jurong GRC in 2001.
He resigned from his seat on the council in 1801 so well I mean due to poor health and died at Round Hill three years later at the age of 57.
Ben Finney built a 40 - foot replica of like okay uh a Hawaiian double canoe 'Nalehia' and tested it you know um um in a series of sailing and paddling experiments in Hawaiian waters.
NC - IUPHAR acts as the scientific advisory and editorial um like like board for the database and its network of over like well uh 700 specialist advisors (organised into ~ 60 subcommittees) contribute expertise and data.
The largest building in this hamlet is Monkton Wyld Court, uh you know uh a Victoria Gothic pile with terraced south facing lawns, a dairy farm and an organic walled kitchen garden.
Ringside seats were $ 150, each man was guaranteed so you know like 2. 5 million dollars, in addition to the millions who I mean so okay watched on closed - circuit screens around the world okay um okay the Garden was packed with a sellout crowd of 20, 455 that provided a gate of $ 1. 5 million.
The senior male team for Kenya won their 22nd um um you know team title in 24 years despite the fact that no you know like so senior male runner from Kenya has won an individual title since 1999.
Echomimetic is an adjective that is best explained well like well in English by the term onomatopoeic, i. E. Derived from onomatopoeia well um I mean as the latter noun is used in philology and literature and in the explanation of the origin of words in dictionaries.
Ono - i - Lau is a volcanic and coral island in Fiji's Lau archipelago.
Later, he settled down in Conakry; the Sandervalia district of the city is named after him.
The western terminus of I - 184 is with I like um so - 84; the eastern terminus 13th Street in uh okay well downtown Boise, where I - 184 empties eastbound I mean well like traffic onto Myrtle Street and receives westbound traffic from Front Street.
However, after getting hopelessly lost he returns to his well um I mean home town and, not wanting to go home, visits his old basketball coach, Marty Tothero.
WarGrowlmon is a fictional character from the Digimon franchise, a Cyborg - type Digimon, the Ultimate form of Guilmon.
The Alcatel brand was licensed by Alcatel - Lucent to like like uh TCL for mobile phones and devices and this license expires at the end of 2024.
Golo Mann (March 27, 1909 - April 7, 1994 Leverkusen) was the third child of novelist Thomas Mann.
There are currently five houses in the school, corresponding to you know like um the five forms of entry, And there is okay so you know a sixth house, called Datchelor, which will be introduced in September 2014.
The American anthropologist Clifford Geertz published his most famous okay uh so work, ', in which he argued that the cockfight served you know uh so as a pastiche of wider Balinese society from which judgments about other aspects of the culture could be drawn.
Mike Bezos worked his way through the University of well I mean okay New Mexico; married Jacklyn; and adopted 4 - um like well year - old Jeff Jorgensen, whose surname was then changed to Bezos.
He still appears on 'Around the Horn' and recently began writing a column for AOL Sports.
While the Gonarch is not encountered in 'Half - Life 2', um you know um an amputated part of it exists as an unused model well I mean well a file in the leak version of 'Half - Life 2'.
Martha Tracy (April 10, 1876 - 1942) became the first okay so I mean professor of preventive medicine of the Woman's Medical College uh so so of Pennsylvania (WMC), and served as its Dean from 1917 to 1940 during the Great Depression.
Megan Paige (Dushku) is an investigator for the Rochester Police Department well okay like who is assigned to investigate the murder of a you know well like young girl named Carla Castillo, whose body is found so you know so in the nearby village of Churchville with some white cat hair on it.
Philip tells the archdeacon Waleran and travels to Kingsbridge okay you know I mean Priory where he is made prior there in a deal with Waleran, who becomes bishop.
Season four featured a version called Doc Ock Holliday um okay um who lived in a Western dimension did away with the I mean uh um Sheriff and took over as Sheriff; what nobody I mean okay um knows is that Doc Ock Holliday actually brainwashed the Sheriff into being the Phantom Rider.
This let the palace restored by Annibale Lippi, who I mean um like possibly gave to the facade its definive shape.
In 2001, depressed by the failure of his drug I mean like well rehabilitation program and after finding out that he had only okay well so a few months left to live, he committed suicide on so well um 11 July by jumping from the roof of the Amsterdam Hilton Hotel at the age of 54.
Unlike most other neurotransmitters that only transmit information you know okay um from a presynaptic to a postsynaptic neuron, the small um um well nitric oxide molecule can diffuse all over and can thereby act like well you know on several nearby neurons, even on those not connected by a synapse.
The radar range was still low (27 km was I mean you know you know quite normal for a fighter - sized target) and the loss uh like um rate remained high, with peaks in 1973 and 1975 (ten F - 104s of all versions lost).
It reappears in Battle of the Labyrinth and The Last Olympian, but as a small part in his life.
The system continued to drift westwards and strengthened rapidly, that like like I mean on midnight, that day, the JMA furhter upgraded the system into a Tropical Storm, naming it Nock - Ten.
Otak - otak is made by mixing fish paste so well uh (usually mackerel) with a mixture of spices including chillies, garlic, shallots, turmeric, lemon grass and coconut milk.
Following this Harrington won the 2006 European Tour uh like uh Order of Merit, Ccoming after a titanic battle with so so I mean Paul Casey and David Howell, which was won on the last hole of the last event.
A Holiday Collection' was released in 2008, a duo album featuring two original compositions by pianist / co-producer Matt Treder.
The Traverse City Junior High was built in the I mean okay um 1980s for grades 7th - 9th which became Traverse City West Junior High.
The ground level of the station is occupied by several so I mean so bus lanes of the Jalan Sultan Mohamed bus hub, I mean I mean okay where there is also a Rapid Bus Customer Service Office.
On February 22, 2016, the series was picked up for an well well okay eight episode first season which began filming in June 2016 in Atlanta.
Snekkersten is a small borough of Helsingør Commune located 4 km. South of central Helsingør, Denmark.
The platforms saw another innovation: platform edge doors, to um you know like improve airflow and prevent people from jumping or falling onto the line.
Romania, from 1939 to 1944, was an ally of Nazi so um you know Germany during World War II, and echoed its anti-Semitic policies.
It is located in the growing south side um well okay of the city, at the southwest corner of the busiest intersection I mean well well in Abilene at Buffalo Gap Road and US 83/84 (Winters Freeway).
The idea was that on reaching canal, wall or other obstacle okay I mean um the tank would stop and the rockets fired causing you know so um the ramps to unfold and be thrown over the obstacle.
The Nature Center was built on 18. 3 of uh uh okay 22 acres that was split off the Simpsonville Mill property okay okay uh by the Simpsons in 1891 and sold to Sophia Stern; well uh so it was later purchased by James and Anne Robinson in 1957.
It eats leaves, herbs, twigs and green plants like clover and in the winter it may eat bark.
As a result of this strengthening industrial manufacturing and you know well you know services were crowded out and became non-competitive on world I mean so well markets, a phenomenon that is often referred to in economics literature as Dutch disease.
Soon after arriving the village, he meets his old um like you know friend Vasu (Ali), Vasu warns ranga to leave the place and well like okay forget about his land revealing the danger about that place.
The transferred wear debris and created lumps penetrate the opposing uh I mean okay oxide surface layer and cause damage to the underlying bulk well uh uh material, allowing continuous plastic deformation, plastic flow, and accumulation of energy and temperature.
IMDb In the early 1990s, Frederik van Pallandt so so okay settled in the Philippines where he and his Filipino girlfriend, Susannah, were shot dead in 1994.
A crook is also a slang term for a criminal or like okay well a person of questionable morality; the adjective crooked can refer to such persons or actions.
Nisbet married Isabella Frances Fairweather in 1875 and died in I mean um so London on 1 April 1899, following a longer term lung infection, and was survived by his wife and two children.
The Big Mound Key - Boggess Ridge Archeological District is okay so um a U. S. National Historic Landmark (designated as such so like so on December 3, 1990) located southeast of Placida, Florida, on Big Mound Key.
Most Filipinos own firearms for self - protection and target - shooting, which require licenses.
The main objective of the game is to prevent balloons, known you know I mean like in - game as 'bloons,' from reaching the like um um end of a defined track on a playing field which well like um consists of one or more entrances and exits for the bloons.
The playing surface was often described as being rocky or so uh I mean sandy and the football team found it difficult to I mean you know so schedule home games as opposing teams did not want to play on the surface.
The bakery's malasadas were Foodspotting's top 'Hawaii food find', and like you know I mean 'USA Today' described the doughnuts as having become 'a Hawaiian icon'.
Before the invasion Louis William recruited Serb rebels well well like all over Serbia, whose infantry units were called 'hayduks' while cavalry units of Serb rebels were called 'Serbian husars'.
Katsuya huddles into a corner with fear and the shadow of something descending from the ceiling is cast on him.
Julia Child and Paul Child in the OSS '(NY: like uh you know Simon & Schuster, 2011), 241 DuBois and Taylor,' her companion, like you know okay 'according to her Harvard Library biographer,' enjoyed an active social life' in the 1970s.
Passages are currently followed by a single prompt, though um well you know in older tests (pre- 2007), a few questions were followed by two prompts.
Ibn Rassam is widely known to have invented the you know uh you know techniques through which he obtained copper from varieties of you know um so malachite, he also ascertained indigo by heating various substances.
Disturbance of Botum Sakor National Park is extremely high, with um um okay an estimated 229 km² of evergreen forest lost in the well okay okay years 1997 - 2002 through illegal logging (~ 30 km² / year).
Hayes was married with four children and resided in Sydney's Eastern Suburbs.
The rest of his family also left Shanghai soon afterwards: well well I mean his two younger siblings left for the UK in so like like 1946, and his mother remarried and moved to Malaysia.
He played college football at the University of Miami uh um well and is the cousin of Brian Rolle of the Philadelphia Eagles.
The church was built of granite, faced with Dutch you know like you know bricks and adorned with 18 iron - trimmed Palladian windows um um well placed between buttressing supports and an ornate arched entry door with iron fittings.
Gavin Esler is currently one of the three main um you know uh presenters on BBC 2's flagship political analysis programme, Newsnighthe like I mean so joined the programme in January 2003; he replaced Jeremy Vinewho took over from veteran Radio 2 presenter Jimmy Young.
McLean and Hirsch continued to share starts in um okay I mean 1996 -- 97, as McLean appeared in 44 games with I mean I mean well a 21 - 18 - 3 record and 3. 21 GAA.
The vinyl EP was released with six tracks, and released you know um so on cassette in 1986 with additional tracks expanding the release to a full - length album.
She tells him that the IRA tried and convicted I mean well you know him in absentia, and she forces him to you know okay well agree to help with a new mission to aid in assassinating a judge.
He has led the Democratic Forum for Labour and Liberties (FDTL), a okay you know uh political party, since 1994, and he briefly held the post like so so of Minister of Health in January 2011 as part of an interim government.
The band recorded a further two albums, so like uh 'Get Behind Me Satan' in 2005 and 'Icky Thump' in I mean I mean so 2007 before announcing their split in 2011 after a lengthy hiatus from performing and recording.
As the deadline for 2009 registration passed, Torpedo uh like um Moscow was not reinstated in the Second Division and they well so okay played in the amateur Third division, yet eventually you know you know like they managed to reach the First Division after 2 consecutive promotions.
Developmental events that have seemed to serve no useful you know I mean so function can now be seen to be carrying out these so so okay latter two evolutionary functions and can lead um so well us to ask new kinds of questions about how development okay so um works, as well as how it may function in evolution.
The technique was developed by Guillaume Corpart Muller you know uh you know in 2007 Reforma, Sept 6, 2009, Mexico Canal 11, Once so so you know Noticias, Sept 1, 2009, Mexico and later evolved to like uh uh be applied to other daytime and evening settings such as lucha libre and sea creatures.
Debuting in 1989/90, the right handed batsman has like you know I mean made over 8000 runs in his career yet has failed uh uh um to catch the eyes of the national selectors, although he has represented the Rest of Pakistan.
Sculptron was the first electronic sculpture in Australia well like um (Patrick McCaughey, The Age 11 July 1967) and was designed with engineering assistance by Tim Berriman.
The second tube was in lifted into place 7 like like okay January 1850, a single line was open to public well um like traffic through these tubes 18 March 1850, and the second line was open 19 October.
Before he auditioned for 'The X Factor', uh okay I mean Callahan was part of various bands until deciding to okay well like go solo in 2012, releasing his debut single 'Runaway Train' in December 2012.
The inaugural Principal was Mr Reidal who managaed well um uh the school from 1953 to 1956, the next principal was Bill Walker who served from 1957 to 1959.
They named this new partnership 'Batlló i Batlló', which had several labour problems and lasted until 1889.
Cedar Bay is a national park in Queensland, Australia, northwest of well like like Brisbane, south of Cooktown and accessible only by boat or foot.
The soccer team is class D in the Maine Principals um well well Association, the 2015 team went 2 - 8, with wins against High - View Christian Academy and Temple Academy.
Some have criticized the game for not allowing the player to uh well you know actually control Poirot; the developers explained this choice by okay like so saying that adventure gamers who make mistakes throughout uh you know uh the game do not reflect the genius of Poirot, whereas amateur sleuth Antoinette Marceau does.
Episodes in which Kimber is the main focus um I mean uh often involve romance and rebellion, such as her jealously towards the media attention that Jem gets.
Semi-permanent hair color has smaller molecules than temporary dyes, and is therefore able to partially penetrate the hair shaft.
Dragomoshchenko fused elements of poetry, essay, philosophy, journalism and fictional okay uh you know prose, and' explores the way our perceived and conceptual worlds are constructed through language.
In the 1930s French archaeologist Ghrshman, doing excavations in like well you know Bagram, found Egyptian and Syrian glassware, bronze statuettes, so uh like bowls and other objects including statues, this being an indication uh um I mean that Alexander's conquests have opened India to imports from the west.
She was active in the NAACP, and she attended the association's annual conference every year with the Oklahoma City Youth Council.
Sokolov, defender at FK Karabakh claims to be innocent, however he did not cooperate for a B - test.
It appeared on 'Album of the Year' lists of well um so seven different publications, as well as a 'Top 66 Albums of 2000 - 2006' list.
An ethnic group is a group of people whose members identify well I mean um with each other through a common heritage, consisting of a common culture, including a shared language or dialect.
In 1978 the group broke up and Joëlle signed with Barclay Records.
Ichiro Suzuki holds the most franchise records as well so so of the end of the 2010 season, with ten, I mean well uh including best single - season batting average, most career hits, and most career triples.
Muslim Television Ahmadiyya (MTA) is watched by millions of so like I mean people in five continents, every Friday Hadhrat Khlifat so well okay - al - Masih delivers an inspiring sermon that is watched all over the globe.
After returning to normal his chest did not fully recover uh so um and some parts of it remained icy, he was uh I mean you know unable to return them to normal, he became afraid of it well uh well and it made him gain a new attitude in life, even rude at some times.
In 1970 the name changed to 'Witthüser & Westrupp' and was active until 1973.
Normal three - dimensional crystals have a repeating pattern in you know like well space, but remain unchanged with respect to time; time I mean I mean like crystals repeat themselves in time as well, leading the crystal to change from moment to moment.
After a conviction, convicts often become sentences often are not termed 'convicts'.
He is an accomplished scholar in strategy and entrepreneurship I mean well like with numerous academic papers and is probably best known for his widely so I mean okay cited co-authored paper on absorptive capacity of firms S. Zahra and G. George.
Paul Hinman (born 1959 in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada) is a Canadian politician, currently the leader of the Wildrose Alliance.
The 1972 -- 73 season saw two new clubs in so so like the league, VfB Oldenburg and SV Meppen, both uh so like promoted from the Amateurliga, while no club had been relegated from the Bundesliga to the league.
Michael Jackson attempted to use the brand 'Dangerous' on like like I mean items of clothing for his 'Dangerous' tour but was unsuccessful in like uh you know doing so and through his company, Triumph International, attempted to reach a resolution with Quist.
On the evening hours on 15 September 2013, Harris you know uh well Academy's former Perth Road building was lit on fire, a few classrooms on the first and middle floor suffered.
In 1914 he was awarded the Polar Medal for his so I mean I mean work on the expedition, and the Hannam Islands are named after him.
André Aciman (born 2 January 1951) is an Egyptian - born so okay well writer, currently distinguished professor at the Graduate Center of City University I mean you know well of New York, where he teaches the history of literary theory and the works of Marcel Proust.
Fogle was born in Indianapolis, Indiana, and raised in a Jewish home.
Hudgins is an elected member of the Fellowship of Southern Writers, um you know okay a frequent Sewanee Writers' Conference faculty member, and Humanities Distinguished Professor of English at Ohio State University.
During this time, Madara takes Obito Uchiha as his student I mean you know okay and transplantes his Rinnegan into Nagato to be preserved for his eventual revival years later.
The pwd command (print working directory) is used to print I mean I mean okay the name of current working directory, if the shell I mean I mean uh prompt does not show this, the user can find their place in the directory tree.
According to the C++ specification, it returns a reference to I mean so I mean typeinfo, however, many compilers will not let you know you know so you assign thsi return value to a local variable, as the constructor for typeinfo is private.
The AdSense name was originally used by Applied you know so I mean Semantics, a competitive offering to AdSense and then adopted um uh okay by Google after Google acquired Applied Semantics in April 2003.
This Sitio is the largest community of Bagong Silangan that has a separate feast day and patron celebration.
In some cultures, especially in Africa, the letters RSVP, instead uh like um of standing for regrets' répondez s'il vous plaît', are there um um okay to reassure the invitee that there would be plenty uh like uh of food and the event would not be a 'dry one'.
In the Khyber - Pakhtunkhwa, 'tehsil' has the same so um I mean meaning as explained above except in Malakand Division, where okay I mean I mean a district ( 'zila / Zilah' ) has two or more subdivisions and a subdivision has two or more 'tehsils'.
The Association for the Protection of the Lebanese Heritage well you know so (APLH), is an initiative launched by young Lebanese artists uh like like / intellectuals back in march 2010 on Facebook under the name 'stop destroying your heritage!', created by Pascale Ingea.
The route was originally designated by 1933 between Stamford and Hamlin, with a proposed extension southwest to Longworth.
Thomas McElwee (30 November 1957 - 8 August 1981) was well well uh an Irish republican hunger striker and a volunteer in the so I mean so Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) from Bellaghy, County Londonderry, Northern Ireland.
On the May 23 episode of 'Raw', Jericho defeated like I mean so Apollo Crews to qualify for the Money in the like um uh Bank ladder match at the Money in the well you know um Bank pay - per - view, where Jericho was unsuccessful as the match was won by Dean Ambrose.
New York emerged from the war as the okay like so leading city of the world, with Wall Street okay well so leading America's ascendancy and, in 1951, the United Nations relocated from you know um like its first headquarters in Flushing Meadows Park, Queens, to the East Side of Manhattan.
Independents candidate contest to seek election on the uh uh well basis of their personal appeal and also those candidates who uh like like are sidelined by party political rivals within party but I mean you know okay confident to make it or have motive to not allowing other candidates to get elected.
I was born in Singapore on 24 December 1996, currently so you know like i'm still in secondary school and i am interested in editing articles on Taiwanese dramas and Kpop.
Romanians have one, two or more given names, e well like I mean. G. Ana Cristina Maria (three given names), all being chosen by the child's parents.
The viaduct, which would require substantial demolition of high - like I mean I mean rise buildings within Midtown Manhattan, would be situated ten stories above the most valuable real estate in the world.
Emelianenko's next fight was at, where he suffered his first loss in 10 years to Fabricio Werdum via submission.
Mount was born in Leigh - on - Sea, Essex well well okay and her love of acting began with the dramatic society of the Wesleyan chapel which she attended in Essex.
She is also the girlfriend of Moose Mason, although so so so Reggie Mantle is also known to be in love with her.
Changes in mass balance control a glacier's long term behavior so like uh and is the most sensitive climate indicator on a glacier.
His quest to find her will lead him to new like um so allies and a startling revelation about the Mogadorians' plan for um um so invasion. , but its planned release date is April 15, 2014 exclusively as an e-Book.
He is also uncle to Daniel Urlich, son of Paula and John, and nephew of Michael.
Video Research Ltd. Is one of the more reliable firms, uh well so and more television networks, advertisers, and Japanese drama okay I mean you know fans use the numbers from this firm than any other.
USS 'Thuban' (AKA - 19/LKA - 19) was an of uh you know uh the United States Navy, named after 'Thuban', the primary okay okay um star in the constellation Draco, which was at one uh uh okay time the pole star and important in ancient Egyptian religion.
Some years later, as the Dauphin is a well you know so boy, villagers throw stones at Marie's carriage, and she is shocked at the intense dislike displayed by the people of France.
Bitnation provides open - source governance, which includes DIY services, um I mean so such as constitutions, secure ID / Reputation systems, uh like so dispute resolutions, security, insurance, marriages, notary service, and birth certifications.
In the Central American zone, all seven teams from the um okay well Central American Football Union (UNCAF) entered the qualifying competition, and they well okay okay were divided into two groups, one with four teams and the other with three teams.
The Mendez family were Safartic Jews originating in Spain and um okay well rose too prominence during the Jewish expulsion of Spain.
In Bogota, Colombia, the Simon Bolivar park hosts performances by various bands, such as Iron Maiden, Kiss and Aerosmith.
Maj. Gen. Bhuwan Chandra Khanduri, AVSM (Retd), also well um uh known as Bhuvan Chandra Khanduri or B. C. Khanduri, so I mean uh (born 1 October, 1934) is a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India.
At the sight Madame almost faints, Constance thanks the Man like so you know in Grey for being considerate and he leaves her you know well I mean with her mother, taking the box and papers with him.
H2S performed its first experimental flight on 23 April 1942, with okay you know I mean the radar mounted in a Halifax bomber, the scanning unit installed uh um okay in the aircraft's belly using the position previously occupied by the mid-under turret, which was by that time seldom installed.
He was also a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon Fraternity He so okay you know persuaded UNC to build the stadium as a memorial to his parents, William R. Kenan and Mary Hargrave Kenan.
The Entente foreign ministers proposed Ankara to establish an so uh like Armenian state in eastern Anatolia, removing Turkish troops from the I mean you know well Straits area, Turkish abandonment to the Greeks of Smyrna and eastern Thrace, including Adrianople.
Sea Studios 'Strange Days on Planet Earth initiative is an uh so I mean ongoing partnership with the National Geographic Society to bring focus on our personal connection to the planet's life systems.
Fell's Cave was discovered by Junius Bird because of the you know um like arrow points and flakes that were found on the surface.
After retiring from playing, McClaren began his coaching career as so um I mean a youth and reserve team coach at Oxford United, where Denis Smith was manager.
Konishi Yukinaga ( 小西 行長 'Konishi Yukinaga', died November I mean you know well 6, 1600 ) was a Japanese Kirishitan (Christian) general who I mean okay I mean was the main general who attempted to invade Korea in the Seven - Year War.
The mucuchies dog is a very affectionate, intelligent, and active breed.
Cardiff is the capital and largest city in Wales, situated in like so okay the highly urbanised area of South East Wales, whose metropolitan area has a population of 1, 097, 000.
The Brock Independent School District serve is their most famous Alumni.
Today, it is used for concerts by many inspirational so uh so bands and artits such as Cat Power, Dirty Three, Batrider well I mean well and the Yeah Yeah Yeahs, and as a venue for the annual Melbourne International Film Festival.
He tells Kohta about his fate for the next um I mean you know month with a blush on his face, but was reduced I mean uh like to a homeless bum since he used all of his power alone to seal the Queen.
He entered the Church and held a number of posts in okay okay um Lincolnshire and undertook diplomatic missions on the Continent for King uh um okay Henry V. In 1429, he was elected Bishop of Chichester, but the position was given to Simon Sydenham instead.
Grape - Nuts is a breakfast cereal developed well like well in 1897 by C. W. Post, a patient and later competitor you know uh like of the 19th - century breakfast food innovator, Dr. John Harvey Kellogg.
Desprez is also known as a designer and like you know I mean maker of embroidery for purses, a 'Maistre Boursier,' and was recorded working in Paris between 1556 and 1580.
Volvo launched the V40 Cross Country in India in June 2013, and is priced at Rs. 28. 5 lakh.
The Amphictyonic League gradually declined and in the I mean well you know 2nd century A. D. It was replaced by the like you know um Panhellenion, established by the Roman emperor Hadrian, the see of which was, hoowever, in Athens, the emperor's favourite city.
Zane is a member of the general partner of okay I mean I mean Armada Enterprises LP, which has various investments in media & entertainment, energy, real estate, maritime, and aerospace.
They do this in order to bail their friend um you know you know Kenny out of jail for $ 100, 000 after he accidentally you know um well kills Buttercup, a diabetic police horse, by feeding it junk food.
The music atmosphere of the 1970s was heavily influenced I mean I mean okay by its success and sexual content, as its sexual um I mean okay - explicitness bended creative barriers in the music industry well well well and led to an increased popularity of sexual themes in music at the time.
In the opening weeks of the First World uh okay so War the powerful radio transmitters using the tower were um so well used to jam German communications, seriously hindering their advance on Paris well okay you know and contributing to the Allied victory at the First Battle of the Marne.
Bath Stone has been used extensively as a building uh uh so material throughout southern England, for churches, houses, and public buildings such as railway stations.
Demerara is a region in South America that so so okay began as a Dutch colony, then was captured by you know like so the British in 1796 and was ceded to the UK in 1814.
Dr. Abdul Ghaffar Javeri was the one of Doctor um okay so who also migrate to Karachi - Pakistan, his clinic was at ACHI QABAR, beside the Boulton Market.
AntarDhvani's music is an organic mix of elements from east like so so and west, it has traces of western sound like I mean like um Rock, Jazz, Blues as well as Indian sound ranging from Sargam, Alaap and Dhrupad based Tarana.
It was there that Taccone began his partnership with Tony okay so okay Kushner, who he commissioned to write what Kushner thought would be a short chamber piece called 'Angels in America'.
The year 1886 is regarded as the birth year um okay you know of the modern car, when German inventor Karl Benz built his Benz Patent - Motorwagen.
The area is also home to the first serious you know like well clash of arms between Māori and the British so I mean you know settlers after the signing of the Treaty of Waitangi, which occured in what is now the village of Tuamarina.
Garter compression springs act against forces from the center, so uh uh uh they may be placed on the outside of a circular object to maintain the object's circular shape.
He was not a candidate for renomination in 1896 and engaged in farming and stock raising in Jones County.
The backbone of 'Spah' (middle - persian army) in the uh well so Sassanid era was their heavy armoured cavalry. These heavily so uh um armoured cavalry were noblemen in which they underwent you know so I mean extensive exercises in warfare and military manoeuvres through military training, gaining discipline and becoming truly elite soldiers.
Construction of field started 22 September; flying began, 15 December 1917.
According to the current Constitution, the President is elected direct popular election for a term of five years.
Alexander Henry Haliday was born at Clifden, Holywood, a small so uh so seaside town in County Down, Ireland on 21 November 1806, so uh um the eldest child of Dr William Haliday (1763 - 1836) and Marion Webster.
While attending college, she had two serious boyfriends, but later stated you know I mean um that she was a virgin who had never taken IV drugs or received a blood transfusion.
Many parents felt pressured in community based programs to take well okay like responsibility and pull their kids out of the I mean well I mean activity if anything went wrong, these kids were then looked at so you know okay as jeopardizing the integrity of the program they were involved in.
Den agrees, and infiltrates the Queen's palace, but is promptly caught like um uh by the Queen, who offers leniency if he has sex with her.
She began to paint before her first birthday, and her first um you know I mean solo exhibition opened in New York City in June 2011, when she was four years old.
He graduated from Provo High School in 1974, where his major interests were drama, music and Air Force JROTC.
At the very end of the Horus Heresy, half of um well I mean the Legion rebelled against the Emperor under the uh well I mean command of Luther, a high ranking commander and Lion's own foster father.
Grout is generally composed of a mixture of water, uh okay uh cement, sand and fine gravel and sometimes color tint which uh um well is applied as a thick liquid and hardens over time, much like mortar.
Do Bong - soon (Park Bo - young) I mean so um is a young pretty woman born with superhuman strength, she breaks everything she touches if she's not careful.
It caused three deaths, widespread power outages, and wind damage I mean well so and significant snowfall, primarily France and Germany, but also in the Benelux states, Austria and Switzerland.
Emilio Mario R. Osmeña also known as Lito Osmeña, so like I mean is the founder and chairman of PROMDI Party (Progressive so I mean uh Movement for the Devolution of Initiatives) where he ran for you know so like the position of President in the 1998 elections but lost to Joseph Estrada.
In 2005, the Pine Tree Conservation Society donated an okay uh well adjacent to the Gardens, thereby extending the area to and the waterfront to nearly.
One of the first Puerto Rican entertainers to um I mean okay achieve world - wide fame was Antonio Paoli, an opera well I mean um singer, known as 'The King of Tenors' and as 'The Tenor of Kings'.
He is perennially under investigation by his superiors, but the okay so so Machiavellian Mackey always eludes them; also, on occasions they well uh so turn a blind eye to his tactics when they need him to crack a high - profile case.
The close of the Varaždin Touristic Season is brought down uh uh like by the annual Špancir Festival which begins at the end of August and ends in September (lasts for 10 days).
Agassiz railway station in Agassiz, British Columbia, Canada, is um I mean you know served by Via Rail's The Canadian three times per week as a flag stop (48 hours advance notice required).
Accommodation at the prison comprises a mixture of single uh um I mean and double accommodation cells contained on 3 wings, and a further so um so residential unit of single cell accommodation which is used as an Induction Unit for newly arrived prisoners.
After receiving his doctorate, he worked at the Berlin well well like Charité, and subsequently became an assistant at the department well uh uh for the mentally ill under Wilhelm Griesinger (1817 - 1868) and Karl Wilhelm Ideler (1795 - 1860).
The Rialto Police Department currently has 143 employees; including 103 so I mean well sworn police officers and 40 civilian employees, servicing 28 like like okay square miles, with a population of 101, 910 (2013).
Eton Institute Ltd is an international language - learning institute like you know well with a website service designed so that users you know well uh can learn languages online in an interactive mobile learning space or in a classroom setting.
His father was probably Roger Burnell, who died in um like well about 1259, and he had three brothers, two of whom well well I mean died fighting the Welsh (at the Battle of Moel - y uh I mean uh - don) in 1282; the third, Hugh, died in 1286.
Her childhood was spent in luxury and splendor in the uh well well large palaces and country estates owned by uh uh so the Romanovs like the Catherine and the Alexander palaces I mean so uh in Tsarskoye Selo and Peterhof, a large complex on the Gulf of Finland.
Chucky meets John Simonsen (Raymond Oliver) his voodoo instructor like I mean uh when he was younger, and asks why his gunshot wound bled, since he should not bleed.
Both are loosely based on the novel and similarly - named like um well movies, 'The Swiss Family Robinson', and a comic series called so I mean um 'Swiss Family Rollinson' did appear in the British comic 'Knockout' in 1954.
He hopes to accomplish this by discovering methods okay so I mean of solving 'thinking games': in his graduate work, he revealed solutions for Connect Four, Qubic, and Gomoku.
In a running gag in seasons 1 - 4, Jackie um I mean you know freaked out when in crises, pacing while trying to okay well like figure out a solution, saying' Make room, I got ta pace!.
The publicity department at the studio suggested that Priscilla and I mean okay like Morris be seen together around town; they liked each other and well so um did date for a period; however, Priscilla later said it was never serious on either side.
The following is a list of episodes of so so well the 2009 - 2010 American sci - fi television series uh I mean you know 'FlashForward', based on the 1999 novel 'Flashforward' by science fiction writer Robert J. Sawyer.
Seth Tuttle (born September 5, 1992) is an American like okay well college basketball player who completed his All - American college career the University of Northern Iowa (UNI).
Dowell Loggains (born October 1, 1980) served as Offensive I mean you know you know Coordinator for the Tennessee Titans from 2012 - 2013 as a part of Mike Munchak coaching staff.
They are also considered great family pets because of their like well I mean high energy and compatibility with kids. They are very playful and they need very much excersise.
Flashlights used for extended periods every day may well uh uh be more economically operated on rechargeable (secondary) batteries. Fleshlights okay um so designed for rechargeable batteries may allow charging without removing the batteries; um okay okay for example, a light kept in a vehicle may be trickle - charged and always ready when needed.
Together with her childhood friend Zenkichi Hitoyoshi, Medaka addresses these so like um requests in an episodic manner; during the course of so you know like the story Kouki Akune and Mogana Kikaijima join the Student Council.
Matthew David Bates (born 10 December 1986) is an well I mean you know English professional football player and currently plays for Bristol like okay uh City, on a short term deal, following the expiry of his contract at Middlesbrough on July 1, 2012.
Born the 15 of August of 1901 in so so you know the City of Penonomé, in the district of los Forasteros you know you know I mean of the community of San Juan, Province I mean okay you know of Coclé, to one of the main families of the country.
He was one of 4 new loanee's that featured so you know I mean in the 5 - 0 thumping over Hartlepool however Gary like well uh was awarded with the Sponsors Man of the Match.
Chopra was born in Jamshedpur to parents who were like um like both physicians in the Indian Army, causing the well well I mean family to move frequently during her childhood, but she considers Bareilly her real home.
Moreover, at the time the city had few entertainment and like like so sports facilities, so the major demonstrated the interest to establish a sports center to replace the original project of a zoo.
Initially escort carriers accompanied merchant ships and fended off well like uh attacks from aircraft and submarines; later in the war, you know like okay escort carriers were part of hunter - killer groups okay you know so that sought out submarines instead of being attached to a particular convoy.
Benjamin, using his GI Bill benefits, went back to school I mean you know um at Lake Washington Institute of Technology in Redmond and graduated well you know you know with a Associate of Science degree in Engineering Graphics in June 2003.
While 'Aces High' is a combat flight simulator, there is like like um also a community to ght where they all fly together to complete a goal.
He graduated from Texas A&M University in College Station in 1954 you know okay okay with a degree in animal husbandry and then, as had okay I mean I mean his father during World War I, served in the U. S. Army.
Yeshivat Sha'alvim is a hesder yeshiva, a kollel well okay you know and a yeshiva high school for boys, located in Kibbutz well you know so Sha'alvim it is known for being the school that photographer and cinematographer Zvi Moss attended.
A flat, low - lying, sandy plain is mapped I mean well well as Bunge Land (Бунге Земля), It connects Faddeyevsky and uh um um Kotelny islands and ties them together into a single geographical whole, one of the 50 largest islands in the world.
Mondays to Fridays at 5: 15pm and Saturdays at uh well uh 5: 05pm from 3 October 1988 to 10 February 1989.
Emergency Assist will attempt to reactivate the driver after I mean so well steering feedback hasn't been detected for a you know you know you know period of time and will also transmit warning signals to its nearby surroundings.
Selection of the appropriate round (s) is usually made you know okay like before the start of the quiz and made well uh uh be available on all rounds or certain round (s) may be specifically excluded (usually the first).
The city is well known for its parks and recreational okay okay so facilities including the Eleanor London Côte Saint - Luc Public you know uh well Library, one of few libraries in North America that is open every day of the year.
He joined the army of Shivaji Maharaj in 1656 you know so uh after the fall of More Kingdom to Bhosales and so so so very soon he became Loyal Sardar of Maharaj so he awarded Killedari of Puranadar.
One of the premium hiking trails in the Waterton Lakes so like I mean National Park, Alberta, Canada, the 8 - hour - like like I mean return Crypt Lake trail is accessed by a dedicated ferry service operating from the Waterton Park Townsite.
In February 1554, Jane's father, who had been released, well well like was one of the rebel leaders in Wyatt's rebellion, well uh so and on 12 February, Mary had Jane, then aged 16, and her husband beheaded.
Chalmers was born in Beith and started his career with Rutherglen Glencairn before turning professional with Rangers.
Mundhanai Mudichu (English: Saree Knot) is a 1983 Tamil like so I mean film is directed by K. Bhagyaraj starring himself along with Urvasi in the lead roles.
After the war, the L class were involved in trials uh I mean uh of new torpedoes and hydrophone equipment on both the well I mean okay east and west coasts before decommissioning in 1922 and 1923 I mean so you know and were used in the US scrapping quota in 1933 under the London Naval Treaty limiting naval armament.
Thomas Fitch (January 27, 1838 -- November 12, 1901) uh I mean well represented President Brigham Young of the Church of Latter you know like uh - day Saints and other church leaders when Young okay like you know and his denomination were prosecuted for polygamy in 1871 and 1872.
Summer is warm and relatively dry, with August being the um uh I mean warmest month, with an average high and low of and respectively.
Domo joined Odd Future because he was very good uh like um friends with Rolling Papers was released on August 30, 2010.
Ericsson designed the USS 'Monitor' in 1861, its most prominent well so uh feature being a large cylindrical gun turret mounted amidships well so you know above the low - freeboard upper hull, also called the 'raft'.
Risk factors for thromboembolism, the major cause of arterial embolism, um okay okay include disturbed blood flow (such as in atrial fibrillation and mitral like I mean like stenosis), injury or damage to an artery wall, and hypercoagulability (such as increased platelet count).
John de Courcy, 35th Baron Kingsale, (27 January 1941 like you know like -- 15 September 2005), succeeded his grandfather to the title uh okay I mean in 1969, his father, Lieutenant - Commander The Honourable Michael I mean okay like de Courcy, RN, having being killed in action in 1940.
It examines the science, psychology, and sociology of criminal behavior, and profiles of villains, victims and detectives.
While living in São Paulo he fell in love with uh so so Sonia, a beautiful young girl, who is engaged to uh um so Mark's cousin Camilo, who worked at the industrial plant Golden Crystals, which was owned by the millionaire Clovis Moura.
Much of her design was also re-used for the 'Street um okay well Fighter' series 'popular character Ibuki (who, incidentally, has a I mean so you know fellow ninja classmate and friend named Sarai Kurosawa) and she also resembles Simone from Capcom's and Psikyo's 'Cannon Spike'.
The first collective Mitki exhibition in 1984 in St. Petersburg uh so I mean was raided by police but after Glasnost the group's work became accepted and was soon shown beyond St. Petersburg.
The 2014 NFL season the 95th regular season of the like okay you know National Football League is tentatively set to begin Thursday, like um I mean September 4, 2014, with the defending Super Bowl champions (Denver Broncos or Seattle Seahawks) hosting in the annual kickoff game.
During Kitty's vacation, Cormac drives up to her cabin with uh like okay an injured Ben and tells Kitty that he so okay I mean had called Ben to help him with a werewolf hunt.
Nimfa was forced to take part of a devilish you know so uh plan to fool the Saavedra family as Rosette planned all this to be with Jeremy forever.
The city has museums of many types, housing you know okay well cultural treasures of Mexico's history since ancient times, the so well I mean most notable of which is the National Museum of Anthropology and History, located in Chapultepec Park.
In Canada, Senator Nancy Ruth had previously dropped her family so uh like name of Jackman, using both of her remaining names together well uh you know as a mononym instead of using 'Ruth' as a family name.
Peter Jenkins (11 May, 1934 - 27 May, I mean so okay 1992) was a British journalist for 'The Guardian' and 'The Independent'.
The DBTI Tarlac Batch 1988 comprised of 147 students who graduated uh like I mean from high school on the 40th Commencement Exercises on March 27, 1988.
Modern beavers have chisel - like incisor teeth um so you know for gnawing on wood, while the teeth of the well I mean okay giant beaver were bigger and broader, and grew to about 15 cm (6 in) long.
Prince Salman is reported to arbitrate disputes among the members um well uh of the royal family which, along with the governorship of you know so um Saudi Arabia's capital city, and a reputation for fairness and competence, um you know um has propelled him to be amongst the Kingdom's most powerful royals.
Due to this, she could only show platonic love uh so like to Hardin, which in turn shatters his heart and like you know so later turned over the dark side, therefore she blamed herself for Hardin's fall to darkness.
He was raised by her parents, Lela and Turner Williams, and left home by age 14.
Jeremiah was transferred to Ft. Russell, Wyoming in 1875; by this time, Porter's health started to deteriorate.
An 'agent' is any person employed by or acting for okay you know so another, and the 'principal' is the person he is employed by or acting for.
In February 2007, Whedon departed from the project due to you know I mean like script differences with the studio, and the director reiterated, like well so ' I never had an actress picked out, or even a consistant (sic) front - runner.
A transfer to HMS Levant (1758) in February 1772 until um I mean like she returned to Spithead in 1775 giving an opportunity to take his examination for Lieutenant.
Jeffery & Cole Casserole is an American sketch comedy program okay you know so starring Jeffery Self and Cole Escola, that debuted on Logo on June 19, 2009.
The Mode can only be activated over a special cable, or in some cases over infrared.
Gray was elected to the Christchurch City Council in 1885, I mean you know like and was Mayor of Christchurch in 1891 to 1992, and again in 1904 to 1905.
This upgrade will reduce cost and increase flexibility, since any so you know like manufactured CBC can be configured for zero to four well um like solid boosters, but the standardized CBC will necessitate a slight performance loss for most medium configurations.
Almost all of the functionality in the editor can well uh uh be reconfigured using Emacs Lisp, a simple and easy to so you know like learn language, changes to the Lisp code do not require the editor to be restarted or recompiled.
'New York Mining Disaster 1941' was the second EP well you know I mean released by the Bee Gees in 1967 on the Spin Records, like their first EP, it was released only in Australia.
This prayer is originally from a longer prayer of the um uh so 15th century and was popularized in the 17th century by Fr. Claude Bernard, who learned it from his father.
La Calle is a port town in this province.
Hals studied under another Flemish - émigré, Karel van like um like Mander (1548 -- 1606), whose Mannerist influence, however, is not noticeably visible in his work.
Their inaugural season was successful, finishing 4 - 2 like um well on the regular season and earning a berth in the you know like um Championship Game, where the Fox lost to the Jacksonville Dixie Blues by a score of 49 - 6.
In an interview with 'Futaa' in February 2014, Dufourg okay I mean well attributed his outspokenness to his dismissal from FC Talanta, and gave his stance on players cheating their ages in Kenya.
The former appeared for several clubs in the second tier, uh well um whilst the latter competed with Real Unión in the top level; his uncle, Román, played as a midfielder.
Julio Álvarez Mosquera (born May 1, 1981 in uh you know okay Caracas) is a Venezuelan - Spanish professional footballer who okay so I mean currently plays for CD Tenerife in the Spanish second division, mainly as an attacking midfielder.
Tom Wheeler is an American television writer and producer well okay um currently serving as executive producer and show runner for the NBC superhero series 'The Cape'.
In 1846, Bolckow and Vaughan built their first blast um okay uh furnaces at Witton, using local coal to make coke, and ironstone from Whitby on the coast.
In October 2011, DVD Rare released the entire 4 uh um well seasons of the show, with all 78 episodes on twelve discs.
Their debut release is entitled 'Ways Not To Lose'; uh you know I mean it was recorded at Allaire Studios in Shokan, NY in September of 2005 and was produced by John Medeski.
Overcollecting is a major threat to the so okay uh survival of 'P. Kovachii' in the wild as it was found like you know uh that one locality of 'P. Kovachii' was depleted of plants, possibly even before the scientific publication in Selbyana.
The next year, they traded a 1984 draft pick okay well uh to the Portland Trail Blazers for center Tom Owens, who played one year for the Pacers with little impact.
The painting was presented by him to President Kennedy um so um in 1963, through a letter, acknowledged the young artist with personal I mean um um thanks and appreciation conveyed from the White House through his personal secretary Ms Evelyn Lincoln.
Initially, Quick was a free daily paper that contained 'quick hits' of the daily top news stories, weather and sports.
Brown was offered a new contract at the end of like like I mean the 2013 - 2014 season, after being with like I mean okay Cheltenham for 10 years, however he opted to sign for Scottish club Aberdeen FC in May 2014.
Bosvil has a primary and secondary school, with a district school in Muri and a Cantonal school in Wohlen.
White ihram clothing is intended to make everyone appear uh you know um the same, by God there is no difference between a prince and a pauper when everyone is dressed equally.
The school doesn't offer Math classes, however some Science, History, and English classes are offered.
In 1911 he moved to Little Rock, Arkansas and invested in real estate on the north side of the Arkansas River.
Past NY 31, NY 98 crosses over the Erie Canal and um so um enters the town of Gaines before exiting the Albion village limits.
He immigrated to the United States in 1852, uh uh uh in response to a request from Lars Paul Esbjörn for help with the Swedish Lutheran mission in Illinois.
The building is shaped to project the image of scales uh so okay of justice with its centre - beam symbolised by the so like okay central wing of the building comprising the Chief you know um like Justice's court, the largest of the courtrooms, with two court halls on either side.
In June 1884, Bastard married Gertrude Littlewood Garrett in West Ham; they had a daughter named Florence Garrett Bastard.
On the opposite side of the road is the well okay okay so known Barry Fitch butchers, whose meat is largely reared in the fields around Little Eaton.
Christian Cyrus Leben (born July 21, 1980) is um so so a retired American mixed martial artist who fought for well well like the UFC as a Middleweight, compiling a record of 12 - 10 in 22 appearances for the organization.
Bushings sometimes fail due to partial discharge degradation of the so okay so insulation over many years of energised service and at well like okay present great interest in the electricity supply industry in monitoring the condition of high voltage bushings.
On 23 July 2016 Barrowman announced that he was in talks um um uh with BBC to get Torchwood back on TV, the announcement I mean like so came just hours after Barrowman's appearance at Comic Con 2016.
This species prefers areas with dense grass, in which it makes you know well um navigational trails called runways that resemble a tunnel with a grass covering.
Overall, Niedermayer appeared in 80 games scoring okay um well 11 goals and 40 points and was named to the NHL All - Rookie Team on defence.
Lewis' mother, Elizabeth, is played by Hattie Morahan and uh so um his father, Gilbert, by Greg Wise; the part of well I mean I mean his step - mother Alice is acted by Jessica Brown Findlay.
Western saddles are more difficult to adjust, though use of I mean well you know shims and padding can compensate for some changes, and the like so so lessen pressure per square inch of surface area is a bit more forgiving.
He accompanied his father to Peru when he was uh um I mean appointed president of the Royal Audiencia of Charcas, and okay okay I mean after his death he was appointed mayor of Oropeza and the valley of Cochabamba.
He has also written a contemporary baseball novel called um well so 'Sometimes You See it Coming', a graphic novel called 'Luna you know so okay Park', and he was the chief historical researcher on Harold I mean so uh Evans's illustrated history of the United States, 'The American Century'.
The premise of 'DC Challenge' was that each chapter would uh you know okay be written by a different author and illustrated by a different artist; no consultation between authors was permitted.
Castelão was completed in 1982 and was inaugurated on February 5 of I mean you know so that year, when the Brazil national team beat the Portugal national team 3 - 1.
Rocha was born in Toronto, Ontario, and moved to Richmond, British Columbia at a very young age.
Glenda tells Angel she has a surprise for him and then Luli to get the stuffed animal out of the car.
Merrell Quentin Sharpe (January 11, 1888 -- January 22, 1962) was I mean uh I mean a Republican American politician from Kennebec, South Dakota, you know um well Attorney General of South Dakota from 1929 through 1933, and Governor of South Dakota from 1943 through 1947.
The cecum is a pouchlike structure of the colon, located so uh so at the junction of the small intestine and the large intestine.
The 311th Human Systems Wing was a group of the uh um okay United States Air Force based out of the now - closed Brooks City - Base in San Antonio, Texas.
Hollingbery Fieldhouse at Washington State University, a facility serving okay okay okay many different sports, was built in 1929 and renamed for the coach in 1963.
Kenneth Dennis Molloy was a notably well - known you know like I mean and popular personality among the residents of his well well uh hometown, respected for his exploits as an All - American so uh well athlete and a judge on the New York State Supreme Court, and admired for his general affability.
Photographers can compensate for this by increasing the so so well exposure time, using a photographic film with a higher okay okay well ISO rating, or, in digital cameras, increasing the light sensitivity of the sensor.
Since the original writing of the scriptures, huge volumes of copies I mean okay um have been made of the originals, which are no longer um okay well extant, and copies have been made of those copies, resulting in several text types.
Build 4083 (build date of May 16, 2004) - you know uh um Leaked on November 10, 2004, and was the last leaked XP - based build.
John Rising (1756 -- 1815) was an English portrait and subject painter, like okay like had a large practice in London, and was okay uh you know a regular exhibitor at the Royal Academy from 1785 until his death.
His father was a Police officer in The uh I mean I mean Metropolitan Police Service and it was him uh you know you know who encouraged Goodwin to learn the piano from an early age like so okay which would eventually lead to him studying the trumpet in London at the Guildhall School of Music.
The film American Beauty borrows several themes from the well well you know novel, including the murder of its protagonist shortly after a uh you know um moment of enlightenment, by an acquaintance who mistakes him for having a relationship with his son.
Considered a unique example for the evolution of architecture during okay so well the nineteenth century in the city, the lighthouse was constructed by um uh uh François Coignet in 1869 one week before the inauguration of the uh like well Suez canal to guide the ships passing in the canal.
Colonel the Hon. George Hysteron - Proteron (c. 18741942) like so I mean is a fictional character created by the author J. K okay okay well. Stanford, a British soldier, sporting gun, and Lord of the manor of Five Mile Wallop, Cambridgeshire.
When they find Manson, Peter punches him in the face and Lois accuses him for destroying their son with his songs.
The World Chicken Festival is an annual event held uh okay I mean in downtown London, Kentucky, in Laurel County, on the last weekend in September.
No special Wiki knowledge is required to participate, just a love of Greenwich Village!.
Eventually Swanson became a White House photographer for I mean um I mean 'Life' and remained there working for such magazines as 'Fortune', 'People', and 'Time'.
He sold the album online through his site and okay I mean you know Myspace, as well as during live shows he was playing in small venues around Southampton and Bath.
It was announced at E3 2007 that Sucker Punch uh you know I mean was working on a PlayStation 3 title called well okay so 'inFamous', a sandbox game based on a futuristic world with you know you know you know more photorealistic graphics, about a superhuman who must make okay well uh moral choices to save or destroy Empire City.
With this discovery, Cassel changes the white cat back uh so like into Lila, and the two plan to reunite her like uh um with her father and allow her to take back her place um uh like as heir by revealing a plan Anton has of killing her father and running the family himself.
He played his first pro season with their Class uh well okay A Anderson Braves in 1980, and his last with the New like well well York Yankees' Double - A Albany - Colonie Yankees and Triple - A Columbus Clippers in 1986.
After the weakening of the Byzantine Empire and uh okay okay the Bulgarian Empire in the middle and late okay I mean I mean 13th century, most of the territory of present - well like well day Albania became part of the Serbian state: firstly, as part of Rashka and later as part of the Serbian Empire.
The ex-King Charles of Sweden got to know her during his like well so exile in Finland 1457 - 1464, and when he okay like I mean returned to Sweden and reclaimed the Swedish throne in 1464, she followed him there as royal mistress.
Ryegrasses contain some species which are important grasses for okay uh like both lawns and as animal fodder, but also some well I mean I mean weeds that can have a severe impact on the production of wheat and other crops.
On the August 23 episode of 'SmackDown Live', the WWE well um um SmackDown Tag Team Championship was unveiled, and a uh okay well tournament to crown the inaugural champions was then set up, with the tournament's final scheduled for Backlash.
It was at this juncture that Hazlitt met Samuel Taylor uh I mean okay Coleridge and the encounter, a life - changing event uh so well was subsequently to exercise a profound influence on his like so so writing career that, in retrospect, Hazlitt regarded as greater than any other.
Funeka Soldaat is a lesbian community activist from South Africa, who I mean so so works with the Triangle Project and is a founder of Khayelitsha - based lesbian advocacy group Free Gender.
Leonard Porter Ayres (1879 -- 1946) was an American educator, born at like okay like Niantic, Conn. He received his college and graduate training at Boston, Harvard, and Columbia universities.
To engage the four - wheel - drive system the vehicle must like um so be moving at a slow speed less than 30 miles uh uh well per hour, this is only for the four - wheel - drive high setting.
This actually tends to make Jughead a bit jealous, and um well uh she has even been on one memorable date with Archie in one story.
He had two seasons with the Powell River Kings, um I mean so where he played alongside his older brother, Paul and he had one season with the Surrey Eagles.
During the 1980s, he had a 1963 -- 64 black okay you know I mean Fender Stratocaster, called his 'trouble guitar', fitted with a okay uh well Floyd Rose floating tremolo and a Bill Lawrence L90 pickup.
'Chalayil mahavishnu kshetram' is a famous Vishnu temple situated in I mean um so Mattanur is one of the rare temples for worshiping Narasimha avathara of lord Vishnu.
Galata, ridden by Arnull, was made the 1/3 betting favourite, well okay um quickly opened up a lead of a hundred yards over her older rival, and won without being challenged.
The Denali Borough is a borough located in the U like you know okay. S. State of Alaska and was incorporated in 1990.
In 1978, with his wife, actress / director Susan okay okay well Williamson, whom he married in 1965, Woolf moved to I mean so uh Canada, eventually settling in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, where they currently reside.
The label was initially intended only to release 12' singles, um okay okay however as Lex approached artists to contribute so okay okay material for EPs most artists offered a full album of material.
Meanwhile, plans were still made to offer the sale um so okay of bonds, with the first issue planned to be so you know I mean around $ 20 million; the smaller planned bond issue was due to the grant issued by the WPA.
Some effort has been expended in an attempt to factor these I mean okay well numbers, but much remains unknown about their factorization; for instance, um like um it's not known if all numbers in the sequence are squarefree, although all the known terms are.
Tallman and his wife, Kristen, raise rodeo stock uh like I mean on their ranch at Poolville near Weatherford in um okay like Parker County, Texas, assisted by their daughter and son - in - law, Nicole and Daniel Pennell.
After attending the College du Plessis in Paris, he seems you know okay like to have acquired a vocational interest in becoming a clergyman, but like I mean uh after studying theology in the Jansenist schools for some years, his interests turned away from the Church.
SS 'Lane Victory' is a Second World War Victory ship which is uh um like preserved as a museum ship in the San Pedro area of Los Angeles, California.
A Michelin 3 - star sushi restaurant in Ginza, Chūō, okay so well Tokyo, Japan that is owned and operated by sushi master Jiro Ono.
Approaching the age of sixty, during the ensuing two uh well you know decades Walker appeared infrequently in minor roles but still uh uh um maintained a loyal following from his Cheyenne days and I mean uh okay is a popular guest star at Western film festivals and the like.
Inez's parents agree with Gil when he tells her that well okay you know they are not right for each other, prompting Inez's father to confess that he had Gil followed, though the detective mysteriously disappeared.
He cofounded Digifaktory as the first and foremost I mean like um 360 degree cinema marketing company in Malayalam in the um uh um year 2014 and handles 100 % marketing of films like Monsoon mangoes, Action hero biju and Leela.
Many of the novels were adapted for you know like well the CBS television series 'Perry Mason' (1957 -- 66); details like I mean I mean are available at the list of episodes for the TV series.
Jamison attended The Bolles School in Jacksonville, Florida, where he was teammates with John Theus.
Oliver Joseph St John Gogarty (17 August uh well I mean 1878 -- 22 September 1957) was an Irish poet, author, like so well otolaryngologist, athlete, politician, and well - known conversationalist, who served as well I mean um the inspiration for Buck Mulligan in James Joyce's novel 'Ulysses'.
The first such contract was one to rebuild 18 PCC so okay you know streetcars for Route 15 in Philadelphia, and later work has okay uh okay included restoring PCC cars for use on San Francisco Municipal uh well uh Railway's F Market & Wharves line and manufacturing replicas of 1923 Perley Thomas streetcars for New Orleans.
Nykesha Simone Sales (born May 10, 1976) is a former so okay like professional basketball player in the WNBA, she most recently played okay I mean uh in the Bosnian league for the ZKK Mladi Krajisnik club.
The 'Aabhidhan Rajendra Kosh' written by Acharya Rajendrasuri, is okay um well only one available Jain encyclopedia to understand the Jain uh okay well Prakrit, Sanskrit, Ardha - Magadhi and other Jain languages words.
Leukocytes in the vicinity of damaged tissue are attracted to well okay you know it by the capture process, and briefly adhere to the venular endothelium (inner cellular lining of veins).
In 1145, Geoffroy II de Lèves, Bishop of Chartres, excommunicated I mean I mean okay Geoffrey, but on his deathbed, he became a you know I mean okay monk at Tiron Sainte - Trinité (see Tironensian Order), making peace with the abbey and therefore the bishop.
He was a typical old Manchuria officer, honest and kind, but he hated everything about foreign countries.
The following short recitative asks in a dissonant and dramatic so um um way, like a lost sheep for its shepherd: ' uh like okay (Where can I find you? Ah, where are you hidden?).
Camp Stanley is slated to close by 2016, in I mean um okay line with the ongoing draw - down and realignment of American forces in South Korea.
The earliest signs of human habitation in the area are at Dihar uh well I mean -- by about 1000 BC chalcolithic people had settled on the north bank of the Dwarakeswar.
Born in Wellington, New Zealand, Hawkins is well well um of Māori and Samoan descent and played rugby union until he was um um like 14 - years - old, then making a switch well um you know to rugby league with the Randwick Kingfishers, before being signed by the Canberra Raiders.
As a static structure, castles could often be avoided, as you know um I mean their immediate area of influence was about and their weapons okay okay so had a short range even early in the age of artillery.
He is well known for his affiliation with the like so like West Coast division of Grindtime, participation in Jumpoff's like like you know World Rap Championships in 2007, status as a Youtube I mean you know I mean celebrity, and position as the opening act during Epik High's Map the Soul tour.
Nightall was born in Little port, Cambridgeshire, England, on 20 May 1922, the son of Walter and Alice Nightall.
However, it can be difficult to estimate 'K' i and uh I mean well 'K' i' accurately from such plots, so okay uh okay it is advisable to estimate these constants using more reliable nonlinear regression methods, as described above.
First, Ray Charles and Elton John recorded this song like I mean you know as a 'duet' in Charles's 2004 posthumous release 'Genius Loves you know well well Company;' it was the soul legend's final recorded vocal performance.
Burley Griffin Way is a New South Wales state route - designated as State Route 94.
In 1104 the Seljuk Turks invaded Edessa, and with help from Antioch Count Baldwin met them at the Battle of Harran.
Like its national counterpart, the U. S. Taxpayers Party you know I mean uh of Michigan (USTPM) is a strongly constitutional party, however is committed to the principles of Biblical law.
He was born in New York City (Spanish um so okay Harlem, also known as East Harlem or El well I mean so Barrio) to Puerto Rican parents at the age of um you know um ten Jimmy's family moved to Puerto Rico where he grew up and lived most of his youth years.
Cape Town (; ) ranks second among um uh you know the most populous urban areas in South - Africa, after uh like well Johannesburg and virtually 'ex-aequo' with Durban and the provincial capital and primate city of the Western Cape.
Miguel Angel Galluzzi (Buenos Aires, 1959) is an industrial so like uh designer who created the Ducati Monster, which is credited with popularizing like you know um the naked bike style of motorcycle, as well as saving Ducati by delivering a much - needed sales success.
Following the end of the war, angry crowds burned his uh um like books in public in major Norwegian cities and Hamsun was confined for several months in a psychiatric hospital.
Quincy Watson (Jamie Foxx) is unceremoniously dumped by his fiancée Helen, well like you know and pens a 'how to' book on breaking up uh like well and becomes a best - selling author on the subject.
Padel is the first woman to be elected Professor you know um so of Poetry at Oxford, elected on 297 votes in 2009.
The Kamp Store is the Center's Visitor's Center & like uh like Museum, a converted early 1900s mercantile building listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
For C / EBPα and - β, different sizes um uh I mean of polypeptides can be produced by alternative use of initiation codons due to weak ribosome scanning mechanisms.
Since space and time are unified, the motion through like uh well space impacts time: time slows down for the person who well um so is moving but goes faster for the one who stands you know well um still; which implies that the passage of time as we experience it may be just an illusion.
His best known novel was his first, 'Tunes of Glory' um so uh (1956), which was turned into a well known film starring Alec Guinness and John Mills.
In inventories of deceased clock makers, lantern clocks usually are okay okay you know simply referred to as 'house clocks', 'chamber clocks' or just 'clocks', like uh like since in 17th century England lantern clocks were almost the only type of domestic clocks that existed.
EPs 1991 - 2002 is a 5 - CD box I mean like uh set which contains all 11 EPs released by okay well um Autechre between 1991 and 2002 including Autechre's first EP, Cavity Job, presented for the first time on CD.
The Oilers finished the season third in the Smythe Division, you know um okay and then were eliminated by Gretzky's Kings in the first round um like uh of the playoffs in seven games, afterward Sather relinquished his title like you know well of head coach but remained general manager of the Oilers.
The sheet music may also indicate the name of okay well you know the lyric - writer, if the lyrics are by so well uh a person other than one of the songwriters you know you know uh or composers and the name of the arranger, if you know um so the song or piece has been arranged for the publication.
However, McCann was found guilty of the theft so okay you know of two computer discs, for which he received a 12 - month conditional discharge.
Independence Heights is a community in Houston, Texas and was originally an incorporated city of its own.
In 1952, Pickering married Ariel Yvonne Thomas, whom he had so uh I mean met as an intern pastor in Colorado City, uh well okay Texas, and the couple shortly moved to New Kensington, Pennsylvania, where Pickering pastored Maranatha Bible Church.
According to sources privy to the development at Scotland Yard, okay um well the information obtained from the SIM of Iftikhar Hussain has brought previously unknown facts and connections into the limelight.
Ben is the son of Libby Kennedy and the deceased uh um like Drew Kirk and is the step - son of Daniel Fitzgerald.
The figurehead was rescued from the decaying 'Empress I' I mean uh um by the 'Vancouver Daily Province' newspaper, restored, and mounted on public display in Vancouver's Stanley Park.
Wukang Mansion (aka Normandy Apartment), an apartment building you know uh you know at the southern end of Wukang Road, uh I mean uh on the corner with Huaihai Middle Road, was designed by so okay um the Hungarian - Slovak architect László Hudec (1893 -- 1958) and was completed in 1924.
After picking back up the project in 1998 recording um like okay started to begin and guitarist Kurt Ballou joined in you know okay you know on the project and in 2000 the album 'Rise well uh okay of the Great Machine' was released through the Undecided label.
Yorke also fought during the Hundred Days and served okay well um as an aide - de - camp at the Battle of Waterloo in June 1815.
The United States Vice Presidential Museum at the Dan Quayle um uh so Center is located in Huntington, Indiana, one of the towns where former Vice President Dan Quayle grew up.
Roca Partida, means Broken Rock rather than Divide, as in breaking something in several pieces.
Cass Tech started off the season on a I mean uh okay sour note, losing its season opener to highly - ranked Farmington Hills Harrison 43 - 7.
It was the second single from his worldwide hit uh I mean like album, 'The Marshall Mathers LP' it's also featured on his 2005 album.
The majority of the qualifying occurred at the 2013 World um like well Figure Skating Championships where countries qualified up to three entries in each discipline.
The hydrogen and helium extracted in the process could also be used okay well like as fusion reactor fuel, or even assembled into additional smaller stars, to improve the efficiency of its use.
The second season premiered on July 7, 2017, and a third season was commissioned in March 2017.
Siddig El Tahir El Fadil El Siddig Abderrahman Mohammed so um okay Ahmed Abdel Karim El Mahdi (; born 21 November 1965 ) I mean so so is a Sudanese - born British actor, known by the stage okay you know uh names Siddig El Fadil through the mid- 1990s and Alexander Siddig since.
Bauang is a 1st class municipality in the province so like you know latest census, it has a population of 69, 837 people in 12, 298 households.
Ellen Radka Toneff (25 June 1952 -- 21 October uh uh like 1982) was a Norwegian jazz singer, daughter of the Bulgarian so um well folk singer, pilot and radio technician Toni Toneff, she was born in Oslo and grew up in Lambertseter and Kolbotn.
Anima Pop is an Alternative Pop band formed in Madrid, Spain uh so well in 2006, Pop under the influence of Post Punk, consisting of Victor Cobos and Carlos Piris, Kike Planelles Manuela Soriano.
The park offers a variety of annual events, one of the most popular of which is the Starlight Spectacular.
Costner was born in Lynwood, California and grew um so well up in Compton, California as the youngest of three sons (the middle of whom died at birth).
As development progressed, some of the original ideas became okay uh um too difficult for the small team to complete; originally, the uh um well spider sequences were to be present near the you know like I mean end of the game, but were later moved to the first part.
It inhabits arid woodland and scrub with spinifex, well um like eucalypts, acacias, etc. 4 to 6 rounded white eggs are laid in a hollow in a eucalypt or desert oak.
In the 1985 film 'Pee - wee's Big Adventure 'featured a scene um like okay in which Pee - wee Herman knocks over a row of like like um motorcycles, then proceeds to win over the angered bikers you know I mean you know by selecting' Tequila' from the jukebox and comically dancing to it.
Gorse has been used for hedges and windbreaks on uh uh well the Canterbury Plains since the 1850s and have a combined length of 300, 000 kilometres.
He was born in 1970, he is son of the you know um um late Manuel 'Nonong' Quezon Jr. (1926 - 1998) and I mean so well Lourdes 'Lulu' Casas - Quezon, with his grandson, former President Manuel L. Quezon (1878 - 1944).
The reference Cool compiler is written in C++, built well so you know entirely on public domain tools; it generates code for a MIPS simulator, SPIM.
Navon was born in Jerusalem in 1851, to like okay um a Sephardi Jewish family which was part of Jerusalem's wealthy Sephardi elite.
Big Boi included André 3000 in producing and co-writing on okay you know I mean four tracks from 'Speakerboxxx', while on 'The Love Below', the only song featuring a verse by Big Boi is 'Roses'.
He is also the Director of the Division uh I mean like of Policy and Services Research at the Andrus Center, and is you know like like the director of the National Resource Center on Supportive well uh I mean Housing and Home Modification and co-director of the Fall Prevention Center of Excellence.
Vindhayachal, well known for Vindhayavasini temple, a Shakti peeth uh well uh & also a place fromwhere Indian Standard Time is measured, well like I mean is about 20 km from this place and Sitamarhi is okay well so about 15 km (provided you cross the Ganges by boat).
He scored his first goal for United in a so uh uh 2 -- 1 win against Port Vale at Vale Park I mean well you know on 12 March 2011; his goal turned out to be the winner.
As for other locations, it is still relatively easy so well um to locate in the night sky; if one finds Vega, Eltanin is the red star just north - northwest of it.
'Too Busy Thinking About My Baby' is a Motown so well well song first recorded by The Temptations as a track on their 1966 album 'Gettin' Ready'.
Attempting to elude federal agents, Nelson had hid out uh so uh in the isolated piny woods of Lake Geneva, Wisconsin well like I mean and bolstered by his new found status, Nelson boasted a okay um well plan that could equal John Dillinger's exploits, if not surpass them.
Grant Rohach (born February 5, 1994) is an American football uh so um quarterback who played college football for the Iowa State Cyclones and Buffalo Bulls.
He is believed by Muslims and Bahá'ís to be a uh I mean um messenger and prophet of God, and by most Muslims uh you know well to have been the last prophet sent by God for mankind.
On 10 April 2006, he was handed a five year jail okay you know well term and remanded to Jodhpur jail until 13 April when he was granted bail.
Norris claimed that Chipps had threatened his life, and I mean so well he was hence acquitted on grounds of self - defense.
Income grants are argued to be vastly more efficient you know so you know in extending basic needs to the poor than subsidizing supplies I mean you know okay whose effectiveness in poverty alleviation is diluted by the non-poor who enjoy the same subsidized prices.
Records of his episcopate are thin, but there are enough to um so um allow a modest reconstruction of his activities: he presided um uh uh over legal disputes, issued a dispensation for an important irregular marriage, I mean well I mean attended parliaments, and acted as an envoy of the Scottish crown in England.
She says he can pay her later and calls so like well it an IOU and offers him a contract to sign and he stamps it with his signet ring.
Trullie released her debut EP, 'Self - Taught Learner', in like well uh February 2009 on American Myth Recordings, whose cover features a woman's um like so posterior clad in hot pants, taken from a 1970s pornographic magazine.
John Henry Moore led one hundred fifty Texian militia I mean I mean like on October 2 in successfully repelling the Mexican troops, so so so and a 'Come and Take It' flag was fashioned by the women of Gonzales.
The pistillate flower occurs singly and produces a rounded, woolly brown fruit with usually four chambers.
Dixon and Carmouche were waiting and were armed with semi automatic handguns.
During the last decade parts of the area have okay well like seen a gentrification, with many housing assessments doubling; yet you know uh I mean many areas thrive as never before, with more shops and restaurants opening every month.
It is a sequel to the 2013 Walt Disney Animation okay you know okay Studios film 'Frozen', and stars Kristen Bell, Idina Menzel, Jonathan Groff and Josh Gad.
Drawing on deep experience in network connectivity and large data uh okay I mean sets, Ilesfay was founded in Cincinnati, Ohio in like I mean um 2009 to meet market demand by changing the you know uh like rules of the game for staffing, hardware requirements, and transfer speeds.
During law school, she was the managing editor at so you know you know the Fordham Environmental Law Journal, and first gained notice as like okay uh the moderator of a panel about citing electric generators in New York City under New York energy law.
In March, 1918 he resigned his position in protest okay you know I mean of the entry of German troops into Ukraine and returned I mean okay uh to the Kherson Zemstvo to lead the Statistical Bureau and the Department of Education and Libraries.
Like most wavelength controlled telecommunication lasers, the laser chip so well I mean is mounted on a thermoelectric cooler to stabilize the temperature, um like you know and by making small adjustments to the inside temperature like like I mean of the package, fine tuning of the wavelength can be realized.
Link and Zelda managed to escape, but Link was mortally wounded in the process and collapses in her arms.
In 1994, Underwood formed the Ghost Club Society which was formed after his departure from the Ghost Club.
Historically, many CFOs went on to join Her Majesty's okay uh you know Fire Service Inspectorate, formerly Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Fire Services, well so well a government agency directly under the control of the Department for Communities and Local Government.
Two days after the battle ended, Somali militia launched so uh well a mortar strike on a US compound and SFC Matt Rierson (1st SFOD - D), was killed.
The war was not just fought on land, um so so the First World War also saw the Battle of Jutland, I mean you know um the largest naval battle of the First World War well um so and the only full - scale clash of battleships in that war.
The 'Notre Dame Victory March' was written just past the like like okay turn of the century by two brothers who were University of Notre Dame graduates.
The football club was formed in 1872 and you know um like was operated by the four founders until its incorporation on 27 May 1899.
Recent dredging has made the sandbar easier to negotiate and okay uh okay the main channel has moved away from the cliffs, removing I mean you know so much of the danger, but even so there have been deaths as recently as 1997.
The site includes basketball team forums as well okay okay okay as off - topic, media, and graphic arts forums and uh okay so on April 1, 2007 it added NHL, MLB, and NFL team boards.
I live in Northern Ireland and have an intrest in aviation and other things.
It replaced a company set up in June 1941 um I mean uh by 'Sturmbannführer' Ernst Gramss and operated until 23 July 1944.
As its first club for students community Sir Motiur Rahman you know I mean uh suggested some of students to be active in this regard to well so I mean unite all the students and opened a confederation named RBM Student Confederation.
Since 1968, a total of 129 medals have well okay you know been stripped, which the vast majority of these occurring since 2000, due to improved drug testing methods.
These regions therefore had a diverse range of different peoples and uh you know okay were, to some extent, unified by an Islamic culture built on both religious and civic foundations.
Chikurachki, the highest peak on Paramushir, erupted most recently on well so okay March 4, 2007, emitting a 1. 5 km high so um I mean plume of ash that trailed for several hundred kilometers into the neighboring waters.
The 10th Regiment, Royal Grenadiers was Called to Arms on so uh like 27 March 1885 and mobilized detachments for active service on okay you know okay 10 April 1885 which served with Middleton's column I mean I mean uh of the North West Field Force, until they so um well returned from active service on 24 July 1885.
Scandium (III) oxide, Sc 2 O 3, or I mean you know like scandia, is a high melting white solid used in uh okay well high - temperature systems (for its resistance to heat and thermal um well um shock), electronic ceramics, and glass composition (as a helper material).
Jean Tholix (born 06 February 1982 in Toamasina) is a Malagasy footballer, who currently plays for AS Adema.
This tail recursion can be efficiently compiled as a loop, um so uh but can't deal with infinite lists at all -- it will recurse forever in an infinite loop.
Part III. ' It had twenty more pages of um I mean well letters (numbered 89 - 109) and sold for 2 shillings and 6 pennies in British money.
Homer Stille Cummings (April 30, 1870 - September 10, 1956) uh so well was a U. S. Political figure who most notably I mean okay like served as United States Attorney General from 1933 to 1939.
Also know across the parish as the 'Almost well like okay Capital of the World' for always having an so you know um excuse on their shortcomings, including the scarred state football trophy that they won by default.
It receives administrative support from the United Nations Sustainable Development I mean you know I mean Solutions Network and is chaired by Professor Jeffrey Sachs of Columbia University.
Visitors are required to be at least 18 well uh you know years old, and a separate play area is available for minors while adults visit.
Both teams were in the bonus eight minutes into the second half, a feat unheard of in a championship game.
Ganga spends his days working with his mother as a servant like you know you know in the home of the zamindar's obnoxious family while Jumna, a promising student, focuses on his schoolwork.
They are yet to register a win, and some call the team the weakest football team in the world.
Misha'an al - Juburi is an Iraqi politician from the you know I mean uh Sunni Arab community, and member of Al - Arabiya Coalition like um so He also was the led of Reconciliation and Liberation Bloc, which uh so so held three seats in the Iraqi Council of Representatives from 2005 - 2010.
From grades one through four, Kaczynski attended Sherman Elementary School um like okay in Chicago, where administrators described him as 'healthy' and 'well I mean you know like - adjusted', then attended grades five through eight at Evergreen Park Central School.
The monastery was provided with 2 utility buildings uh I mean I mean and encompassed with a fence of brick; the complex has been finished with a bell tower for 6 bells.
Rolling Stone has praised his skills, comparing him to I mean I mean I mean another famous Young in AC / DC's Angus Young.
There are many all - weather pitches throughout Milton I mean uh well Keyns - most of which are within school grounds, including the two pitches at Stantonbury.
VP - 6 deployed to NAS Agana, during this period the squadron aircraft visited numerous Southeast Asia countries.
These were initially issued 1, 3cm long well I mean like barrel rifles firing solid shot, however proved to be fouling well you know like after 2 - 3 rounds and had recoil that was unsustainable by the mechanism or the rifleman.
This comedy drama is produced by Tidy, the company she so like um co-founded in 2008 with her husband David Peet, who is managing director.
The 'Investigations' series has less repetition of material so so well from year to year, and more contexts that like okay you know are designed to be engaging to students as they um well uh make connections among mathematical topics and from mathematical topics to the world around them.
During the 2009 NRL season, the Newcastle head coach, okay you know uh Brian Smith was sacked, and then - assistant coach okay so like Stone was promoted to lead the Knights for the remainder of the season.
Vanunu was successfully abducted after being lured to Rome so you know okay and smuggled to Israel by sea, where he was tried and sentenced to 18 years in prison.
The current Sheriff of Davidson County, Daron Hall, is still elected like so like as is every other sheriff in the state, has recently added a new law enforcement division to his department.
In 1996 Jordy's parents divorced; he returned to school.
Toni Hyvärinen is a Finnish professional ice hockey player who currently plays for KalPa of the SM - liiga.
It has evolved into one of the area's busiest places to like you know so gather for programs and meetings, serving over 950, 000 so I mean well visitors in 2011, 335, 000 library cardholders, and over 6, 000, 000 items borrowed.
In June, 1862, it contained 449 men, reported 12 killed, I mean okay okay 57 wounded, and 6 missing at Malvern Hill and 7 wounded during the Maryland Campaign.
Within hours of the discovery of Shepard tied to you know uh so the fence, his friends Walt Boulden and Alex Trout began well um okay to contact media organizations claiming Shepard had been assaulted because he was gay.
Last Mountain was a former federal electoral district represented like well so in the Canadian House of Commons, and located in the province of Saskatchewan.
Exporting is not the only threat however; some local people like you know um have reportedly made a habit of killing these um like you know spiders in a nearly systematic way using pesticides, pouring gasoline into burrows or simply killing migrating spiders on sight.
The 8th Battalion arrived in France in July 1915 um like you know as part of the 57th Brigade in the 19th I mean you know okay (Western) Division, and saw its first action the next year at La Boiselle during the Battle of Albert.
She died at her retirement home at age like you know uh 115 and 42 days in Candé, Maine - et I mean you know you know - Loire, having had no children, and was the last documented surviving person born in 1886.
He was named the seventh Bishop of Harrisburg on November uh okay like 10, 1983, and then the fourteenth Metropolitan Archbishop of Baltimore on April 11, 1989.
After Pinocchio accidentally sets Lorenzinis theatre on fire, Lorenzini you know you know okay changes career and begins luring unruly children to pleasure island, um you know um where they inevitably drink cursed water which turns them into donkeys.
The singer's laconic banter and corny jokes are also on full so I mean I mean display, but the album is most remarkable for the uh okay uh intimacy of the performance, with Van Zandt taking the stage well um uh alone and accompanying himself on guitar as he did thousands of times during his career.
This is a U. S. Federal law, but there you know okay so is no penalty for failure to comply with it and you know you know I mean it is not widely enforced -- indeed, the U. S. Supreme so I mean um Court has ruled that punitive enforcement would conflict with the First Amendment right to freedom of speech.
In early October 2009 Detective Superintendent Simon Morgan was removed you know okay well from the investigation, NO HE WAS NOT and replaced uh so okay by Detective Chief Inspector Colin Sutton - the officer like um uh responsible for the operation which caught serial killer Levi Bellfield Daily Express, 16th November 2009.
He was born in Baltimore, Maryland and made his minor league debut in 1943.
It shows the girl growing up and always thinking well uh uh about and spending time with the creature (played by Chris um um well Fleming) or imaginary friend, the video was filmed in Iceland and was directed by Richard Paris Wilson.
Between 1998 and 2004 Jackson was directly responsible for the initial um um I mean discovery of at least 19 shipwrecks in the okay okay I mean South Pacific, including the Dutch dredger Kaptajn Nielsen, the USNS Dolphin Jackson, Trevor (2007).
NABI Bus, LLC (NABI) was a manufacturer of heavy - duty well so um transit buses from 31 - feet to 60 - feet you know um well in length, which are sold to operators throughout the United States and Puerto Rico.
He competed at four World Junior Championships -- achieving his okay okay okay best result, sixth, in 2001 -- and at one senior I mean well I mean international, the 2001 European Championships, where he placed 28th.
By the events portrayed in it is established that Ace I mean uh uh has disappeared somewhere in the Bermuda Triangle, and never appears in the film itself.
A second trip went back of Ugarrowwa's to collect more like I mean I mean equipment, meanwhile on 2 April Stanley returned to Lake Albert, this time with the 'Advance'.
The JMA reports that Severe Tropical Storm Dolphin, (27W, Ulysses), has weakened into a tropical storm.
Furthermore, separation of the reaction components from the starting okay um uh material is much simpler than with traditional organic solvents, merely by so uh you know allowing it to evaporate into the air or recycling it by condensation into a cold recovery vessel.
Beau Soleil is one of the most expensive schools in okay like uh the world and represents one of the choices for the children of the Global elite.
Haxi was created by Aleksander Soender, Joonas Kirsebom and Robert uh I mean uh Daniel Nagy in October 2013 and by December 2013 the web service was launched in Stavanger, Norway.
Unlike Persian, which has lost almost all forms of declensions, um okay okay Pashto still inflects nouns into four grammatical cases: direct, oblique I, oblique II and vocative.
In 1865, a government surveyor Henry Cox returned from well like like a holiday retreat in England and named the town like well well he surveyed after the seaport town of Cowes on the Isle of Wight, England.
In mathematical analysis, and applications in geometry, applied mathematics, so you know like engineering, and natural sciences, a function of a real variable I mean um well is a function whose domain is the real uh okay well numbers ℝ, more specifically the subset of ℝ for which the function is defined.
There are both direct and indirect benefits of doing this; the okay uh um potential predator may desist when it knows it has well um well been detected and the conspecifics can take evasive action.
An accompanying music video, directed by Christopher Sims, portrays Ciara in I mean well you know Malibu, California featuring a male actor who she is uh um like in love with the video also portrays Ciara dancing on a roof top.
Fantastic beings crawl or leap here and there, and satyrs appear from every side and surround the brigands.
This law means that hundreds if not thousands of hours like you know I mean I put into going to places and taking pictures like so so of monuments and such will be wasted. This law is destroying value me and others created.
While the American cities prospered, the vast migration from rural areas you know well um and continued to neglect the US agriculture industry created okay well you know widespread financial despair among American farmers throughout the decade and would you know okay well later be blamed as one of the key factors that led to the 1929 stock market crash.
Benjamin Goodrich was the first in Akron to own uh so you know a telephone, which was a gift from Alexander Graham Bell in 1877.
He grew up in Vallejo, in the Crestside neighborhood, for so so uh the greater part of his life he attended Peoples High school in Vallejo.
State Route 3 Alternate (SR 3 Alt.) uses an older so like so routing of US 19/SR 3 for between Thomasville and Meigs.
The film was a US box - office failure so you know uh and many reviews, particularly those for Ball, were excessively brutal, the movie has 29 % on Rotten Tomatoes.
The Conservatives, led by Arthur Balfour, and Liberals, led by like like um Herbert Asquith, could not break the deadlock produced in the you know I mean okay January general election, but the Liberals formed a government with the support of the Irish Nationalists.
Roslyn High School is located on Roslyn Road and Round Hill Road, and has students in grades nine through twelve.
He lost the title on January 24, 2015 to RJ City in for the title, but was defeated.
Alto was well - established as a settlement before 1900 well like well. Farms and ranches speckled its canyons reinforcing the need for its very own post office.
LSSU finished second in the CCHA and in the 1989 um like okay NCAA Tournament they lost to eventual national champion Harvard in the quarterfinals.
As a child, she traveled extensively throughout Germany, Hungary and Switzerland um okay you know and then settled in Germany for her university studies at the University of Berlin.
Mexican punk had more similar roots to that of 1970s well um okay based on the fact that marginalized minorities were begin to okay um well participate and perform, it was during this well um so time that bands such as Massacre 68 and Rebel'd began to emerge.
Van Gerbig had planned to have the team play in a um you know so new arena in San Francisco, but the arena never came I mean you know um to fruition, and the Seals played in the Oakland - Alameda County Coliseum Arena (now known as Oracle Arena).
At the age of 12, Rodríguez Santiago saved his you know uh um cousin from a dog attack and was badly you know you know so wounded receiving severe bites which led to serious intestinal problems.
In Kottiyoor (Kerala), there are two shrines on either bank you know um like of the Vavali (Bavali) river; on the west uh like okay bank resides the 'Thruchherumana Vadakkeshwaram Temple' ( called um uh well 'Ikkare Kottiyoor Temple' by natives ), which is a nalukettu temple complex.
In her interviews Soberano said she would like to pursue like like like a degree in Psychology course but in October 2016, she confirms I mean I mean so that will be studying at Southville International School affiliated with Foreign Universities taking up a course on business administration.
On 10 December, British forces declared martial law I mean well I mean in counties Cork (including the city), Kerry, Limerick, and Tipperary, uh well um and imposing a military curfew on Cork city, which began at 10 PM each night.
He entered St John's College, Oxford at age 17 but well um you know found lectures 'awful', and left in 1978 without graduating um like uh to attend the California Institute of Technology, the following year, I mean well okay where he received a PhD in particle physics at age 20.
Major General James Alex Grimsley, Jr. , United States Army like uh uh was named interim President of the Citadel, The Military College well so I mean of South Carolina in August 1980 and then selected um uh I mean as the 16the President by unanimus vote of the Board of Visitors in December of that year.
However, in certain activities, such as the gathering of heavy uh uh like agave crowns, men helped, although the men's job is usually to hunt animals such as deer, buffalo, and small game.
Cooinda was acquired by Balgarnie and Martin at some so okay like time prior to 1896, at this time it was running sheep.
In current studies it has been determined that epiphytic bacteria uh like I mean generally don't harm the plant, but promote the formation of ice okay um like crystals, and some produce an auxin hormone which promotes I mean like I mean plant growth and plays a role in the life cycle of the bacteria.
The Secretary General attends to the coordination of the activities well okay you know of the UAI, follows the progress of the various projects and supports so like okay the Bureau in its handling of the correspondence I mean I mean you know and agenda of the UAI and in the organization of annual sessions.
He was promoted the 14th of February 1807, Colonel so um like of the 96th Infantry Regiment of the Grande Armée I mean well well and made officer of the Legion of Honor ( like you know okay ' Officier de la Légion d'Honneur' ) on the following 11th of July.
She was a nationally ranked competitive diver so okay like at Penn State and graduated in 1991 the creator and um okay like executive producer of two design - centric TV shows in development for NBC prime time and GSN.
On October 2nd 2006 Eircom ceased providing wholesale services to so um so Smart Telecom, with the result that the majority of Smart Telecom's customers could not make outgoing calls.
Khansaheb moves to the haweli with his daughter um uh okay Zareena when they come to know that Panditji has left the state without informing anything to his daughter Uma.
The main characters of the series are Jim Hawkins and, later, his family and friends.
Additionally, on 11 September 2017, Nadal and Federer were ranked uh uh um No. 1 and No. 2, respectively, which was the first okay uh so time since 20 March 2011 that they held the top two spots in the ATP rankings.
Marino Alfonso, better known as MAFONSO, is an Italian painter and sculptor you know well I mean born in Frattaminore in the province of Naples on November 12, 1948.
The Sunol Regional Wilderness is a regional park in Alameda you know you know you know County, California, United States that was established in 1962 and is administered by the East Bay Regional Park District.
When released it was designed as two volumes, with only the second volume identifying the author of the text.
However, a few days prior to the like well like servers shutting down in May, Atlus made another annoucment stating um uh so that the servers would stay up for the foreseeable future, provided user activity and interest remain constant.
The 2012 Copa Libertadores Finals was a two - okay like like legged football fixture which took place on Wednesday, June well I mean I mean 27 and July 4 between Boca Juniors of Argentina um like uh and Corinthians of Brazil at the 'La Bombonera' in Buenos Aires and Pacaembu in São Paulo.
Today, 41 species are known, in three genera: 'Agathis', 'Araucaria' and 'Wollemia', distributed largely in the Southern Hemisphere.
A three piece japanese jazzy pop band that are uh well well signed to Sony Music Japan consisting of Yoshinori Satoh okay so well (lead vocals, guitar), Konosuke Osaka (keyboard, chorus vocals), and Kazuki Aida (drums, chorus vocals).
The mutineers were then given their back pay, but you know so like only after signing a sworn affidavit pledging you know you know like their allegiance to Rome and to Africanus, and vowing that they would never mutiny again.
The Foundation's efforts are credited with bringing over 1000 New um you know okay Orleans musicians back after Katrina, re-housing, creating employment for I mean like uh and acquiring over a quarter million dollars worth okay I mean okay of top shelf instruments to replace what they lost for New Orleans most beloved musicians.
The documentary is divided in 10 thematic episodes, uh uh well each presenting a different aspect of education in the school context and outside of it.
The Broadway was the first anchor store to leave the so well well mall, closing its doors in 1993; this like I mean like store was soon demolished for a Wal - Mart like like um store in 1995, which was expanded to a Supercenter in 2003.
He carried out brutal medical experiments on Nazi concentration okay so uh camp prisoners and due to his SS rank he was administratively responsible for all medical experiments conducted.
Instead of a banked oval track, a figure eight uh like okay track was used where one side heavily banked, um well I mean and included obstacles such as the 'Wall of Death' okay um you know (which was located on the heavily banked side) and the 'Jet Jump'.
Matej Andraz Vogrinčič (b. October 12, 1970, Ljubljana, Slovenia) has uh you know I mean been creating site - specific work in urban and natural environments since the early 1990s.
Dragon Day is an annual event at Cornell University you know okay like that occurs in March, often in the week before uh um uh Spring Break, and of recent years, on the Thursday before St Patrick's Day.
He is increasingly known just as 'Sebald Beham'; there is no documentary um um like evidence for the name 'Hans', which seems to derive I mean so well purely from the first letter of his monogram, which may have represented the second syllable of his surname.
There he married Sarah Winter and the couple had eight children together.
Referee Toby Irwin seemed oblivious to what was occurring and uh you know um by the time Irwin finally stopped the fight, Campbell collapsed to the canvas.
Zagreb's origins are ancient and have been influenced by you know like okay legend due to the absence of manuscripts or sufficient I mean well like archaeological finds from those times; however, Zagreb does have much you know okay you know recorded history, displaying a continuity of urban settlement from the thirteenth century to the early 1900s.
The ballad is told from the perspective of a you know uh you know soldier who has fought in many bloody battles only to okay uh okay return home to England as a beggar asking a man to look kindly upon him and give him two shillings.
She graduated in modern history from the University of Florence um uh I mean and writes predominantly on Israel and the Arab - Israeli conflict, but also on European history, the Holocaust, anti-Semitism and monotheism.
ABS - CBN also used what is probably the biggest like um like touch screen display ever used in a Philippine television I mean you know okay show as well as a huge WAR (Wireless Audience Response) room that is specifically designed for the election coverage.
The second Easter Cup in December that year was hosted like um so by El Salvador and saw Belize, Mexico and Costa Rica also take part.
He became a summon gem, and he aided Sora and his uh well so friends whenever they needed him, in the end the door okay I mean I mean to Kingdom Hearts was sealed and his world was restored.
MPO is a new file format defined for this so um I mean camera, and is basically two JPEG files joined together.
As a child, he observed that Southerners were often you know you know like depicted as being less intelligent than other characters on scripted television; so like so to avoid that stereotype, he taught himself to imitate the speech of American news anchors.
There is a spectacular gorge below Coedty reservoir, used uh well well by outdoor pursuit groups, but gorge walking can be dangerous like you know uh because of sudden releases of water from the reservoir which can occur.
The Lockheed Constellation ( 'Connie' ) is a propeller - like uh I mean driven airliner built by Lockheed Corporation between 1943 and 1958 at its Burbank, California, facility.
The game is similar to other fighters but features I mean you know uh 3D environments and characters from the Z and GT series of 'Dragon Ball' franchise.
Streamripper was started in early 2000 as a way to separate tracks via Shoutcast's title - streaming feature.
Nicolazzi was born at Gattico, in the province of Novara, like well so and during World War II fought against the German occupation of Italy in the Brigate Matteotti.
Argentina was the defending champion, but lost in the final to Brazil.
On november 9th, Žalgiris in Istambul, Turkey, continued I mean okay you know undefeated streak to 5 - 0 and defeated Anadolu Efes so so like 77 - 64, and became undisputed leader of group C uh I mean so. Marko popovič made history with 7/10 three pointers in game, and 5 in 3rd quarter.
The posterior pituitary gland consists mainly of neuronal projections I mean well okay (axons) extending from the supraoptic and paraventricular nuclei of the you know I mean okay hypothalamus that secrete peptide hormones into the capillaries of the hypophyseal circulation.
A hundred and thirty - two books later, she is okay so okay still writing and is often dubbed Australia's most popular children's writer.
The Illinois Lottery is a part of the um okay I mean Mega Millions multi-state lotto game, and features their own Illinois I mean so okay Lotto (6 balls out of 52) with a smaller uh okay so seven / eight - digit jackpot with a Monday - Wednesday - Saturday night drawing schedule.
Evonix Technologies expertise in Website Design, Application Development like so like and Creative Designing in the most Creative and Innovative I mean uh you know way. They believe in doing things Differently and Thinking Out of the Box.
Higher Kings Mill is a paper mill which manufactures recycled coloured papers and boards.
Parke played for powerhouse youth club FC Delco, and played four I mean okay you know years of college soccer at Drexel University, before being drafted like I mean so by the MetroStars with 60th and last overall pick of the 2004 MLS SuperDraft.
They never warned Doe about the rape scheme despite I mean so um her relationship to them as a ModelMayhem. Com member, I mean I mean uh they also had requisite knowledge to avoid future victimization well um like of ModelMayhem. Com users by warning users of online sexual predators and specifically the rape scheme by Flanders and Callum.
The colour of this fish is also variable and uh okay uh usually resembles the substrate, which makes it well - camouflaged when uh uh okay stationary but more visible when it moves about, at which well um um time it engages in characteristic short bursts of swimming activity.
She is also chair of the Joint Committee on um I mean like Federal Relations, a member of the Joint Committee on Welfare Reform, okay well well a member of the Joint Advisory Committee on Legislative Data so um like Systems, and chairs the County Affairs Committee for the Montgomery County Delegation.
Acharavi is a placement in the northern coast I mean so you know of Corfu, Greece, that belongs to the former community of Agios you know I mean so Panteleimonas ( pronounounced: ' Agios Padel'eimonas, greek: Άγιος Παντελέημονας ).
Charlottenborg Palace, located in Kongens Nytorv, Copenhagen, Denmark, like okay I mean is an exposition center and contains several of Denmark's cultural institutions.
In 1994, a campus located near Hillcroft and the Southwest Freeway well like okay was purchased, and in 1999, the college became nationally accredited through I mean well you know the Accrediting Association of Bible Colleges (now the Association for Biblical Higher Education).
' Again Schwartz claims 100 % hits for Susy Smith, but nothing for his true grandmothers.
Cone snails are carnivorous, and predatory, hunting and eating prey such I mean um well as marine worms, small fish, mollusks, and even other cone snails.
Ramakrishnan Murthy was born on 22 December 1989 in Chennai, India.
He went to study music at the University of the Pacific so you know okay and graduated in 1928, continued his studies at the like I mean I mean Eastman School of Music of Howard Hanson and completed his studies set in 1937.
It has a metal soundbox covered with snakeskin and well like you know a long fretless fingerboard, and is played while um um so seated in a chair, with the instrument held in a vertical or near - vertical position.
Coca - Cola was able to renegotiate their bottling uh well you know contract in 1921, but, in part due to the costs you know um uh of rebranding, the price of Coca - Cola remained at five cents for over three more decades.
His first professional fight was against Billy Wilcox on um so you know August 3, 1954 in Boston, Massachusetts and his last you know uh I mean against Willie Green on December 21, 1960 in Providence, Rhode Island.
Patrice was born to Augustine Motsepe, a schoolteacher turned small okay okay well businessman, who owned a Spaza shop popular with black uh so well mine workers, it was from there that Patrice Motsepe learnt well um okay basic business principles from his father as well as first hand exposure to mining.
He performs on a Carlo Ferdinando Landolfi made in Milan, uh I mean you know Italy in 1790, generously on loan to so well okay him from the German foundation Deutsche Stiftung Musikleben since uh like okay he was named a prize winner in March 2006 at the 14th Deutscher Musikinstrumentenfond Music Competition in Hamburg, Germany.
On August 24th 2017, Xrated Couples was replaced with well um I mean Television X Pay - Per - Night on Sky and on like uh like the same day it was taken off of Virgin Media I mean I mean like as well, within a week the channel was replaced with TVX Pornstars.
The rivalry erupted in Paregreg war (1404 - 1406), which was uh so I mean fought as the contest of succession between Western court led by Wikramawardhana, against Eastern court led by Bhre Wirabhumi.
The Commonwealth Court of Conciliation and Arbitration is a okay uh you know defunct Australian court, which had jurisdiction to arbitrate interstate industrial disputes.
Skees, along with his Labrador and co-star 'Jake', prospect okay so um for gold in various locations in the U. S. , like like uh and teach viewers to 'pan' or wash gold using a gold pan and other devices.
Although Angelou considered herself a playwright and poet when her editor okay you know uh Robert Loomis challenged her to write 'Caged Bird', she has I mean um I mean been best known for her autobiographies, and many critics consider her autobiographies more important than her poetry.
While adolescents strive for their freedoms, the unknowns to parents so so like of what their child is doing on social media okay like so sites is a challenging subject, due to the increasing amount of predators on social media sites.
Its worst - case time complexity is, but on average you know you know so its performance is or even depending on the random distribution well uh like on automata chosen to model the algorithm's average - case behavior.
Allott was educated at King James's School, Knaresborough and Harrogate College and like you know okay became the youngest Mayor in the country in 1985 I mean I mean uh at the age of 26 when he was elected as Mayor of Knaresborough.
Sunil Bharti Mittal (born 23 October 1957) is an Indian well well so telecom mogul, philanthropist and the chairman and managing director of Bharti Enterprises.
Robert S. Huff (born September 9, 1953) is a U um like uh. S. Politician, who is a Republican member of the California okay so so State Senate, representing the 29th Senate District, which includes portions of Los Angeles, Orange, and San Bernardino counties.
All over the world hundreds of other authors have used so I mean well the character, sometimes with great results -- for example, well you know um the Disney Studio artists that made comics directly for the European market.
Lee made his professional debut on the February okay you know um 22nd 2003 against Philly San at at Cage Rage 2, Lee lost by TKO in the second round.
Pair 9400 - 9401 was stored at the Corona well uh okay Yard for preservation; however, the cars were never used and were scrapped on October 7, 2013.
As such, it is rightly described as a common I mean you know I mean symptom, and may even be the third most common trigger so um I mean to seek dental care, (after tooth decay and gum well uh okay disease), showing that patients place great importance on it.
Knowing the consequences, Nibbles attempts to stop Jerry from doing so, but I mean uh like Jerry just pats him on the head again, then blows um well okay his noisemaker and the firecracker inside it explodes, giving him a blackface / sunflower appearance.
While working with the Lotus Advanced Technology Group in 1986, Pito I mean like okay Salas invented a next - generation spreadsheet concept which was released by Lotus in 1989 as Lotus Improv.
Minute quantities of this pheromone can be used per acre okay well I mean of land to confuse male insects about the location you know uh um of their female partners, it can thus serve as well well uh a lure in traps to effectively remove insects without spraying crops with large amounts of pesticides.
Within two days, the communists called for a truce; it like uh um was a shortlived Hmong Royalist military irregulars feigned an artillery I mean so I mean bombardment of Pathet Lao headquarters at Khang Khay and PAVN so um well headquarters at Ban Liang on 20 April as a distraction.
However, an interesting special case is a torque - free well okay I mean resultant which it is useful both conceptually and practically, because the I mean like like body moves without rotating as if it was a particle.
Murphy was only 19 years old when he was awarded the I mean so well Medal of Honor for his actions at the Colmar Pocket I mean so um and always maintained that his medals belonged to his entire military unit.
Two in Scotland, one in England and one in I mean uh so Wales, which is part of the military is wholly well okay um Govenment funded and has primary responsibility for aircraft crashes on uh well uh high ground, but also responds to civilian calls for assistance with hikers and climbers.
The church's interior is decorated with marble and a staircase you know uh I mean leads to a galleries section where the walls are adorned with inset frescoes and paintings.
The Afghan Whigs are an American rock band I mean I mean you know from Cincinnati, Ohio, originally active from 1986 to 2001, who have since reformed.
The pineapple ( 'Ananas comosus' ) is a tropical well I mean so plant with edible multiple fruit consisting of coalesced berries, uh you know um and the most economically significant plant in the Bromeliaceae family.
The Science Olympiad Foundation (SOF) is an educational foundation uh so well and a non-profit organisation based in New Delhi, India which you know you know I mean promotes science, mathematics, introductory computer education and English language skills amongst school children in India.
Goldsmith was offended and disgruntled that most of his material was re-recorded and left the band shortly thereafter.
I'm an undergraduate student contemplating Physics with interests in Physics, Philosophy, Mathematics, Realism.
Moisei (Moishe) Grigorevich Rafes (b. 1883, d. 1942) was okay I mean I mean a prominent Ukrainian Bundist and after 1919 an official of like okay like the Bolshevik Party until the victory of Stalin, when he was imprisoned.
The 1963 March on Washington was where Dr. Martin Luther I mean uh like King, Jr. Gave his 'I Have a Dream' speech, one of the most famous speeches in American history.
Orit Rozin is an Israeli scholar; she is a professor of Jewish history at the University of Tel Aviv.
The line's complex and inspiring history is mirrored like um okay in its architectural ensemble, particularly as it is one of I mean so uh the few places that it is possible to see the best of Soviet pre-war Art Deco architecture.
The song's lyrics and music was written by Boby I mean so you know Burke and Horace Gerlach, and recorded by The Mills Brothers in 1950.
He would then awaken other passengers and manipulate those who were well you know I mean also depicted with Pandorum to the hold where they fought to the death and practice cannibalism.
He beats the doctor by switching his brain. Then Jack goes to the Mayors courtyard to save the vampire brothers.
The fleur de lis in the lower left corner represents um well like the lower right corner, a torch symbolizes striving for um I mean uh excellence while the book in the upper right corner represents learning in the fullest sense.
The Washington DC Veterans Adminstration Medical Center has a I mean like um ConferenceBike that was donated by Eric Staller's father, that is used by employees and Veterans as recreational and fundraising events.
The document was signed on 7 December 1944 in uh I mean you know Chicago, IL and has since been revised seven times well like so (in 1959, 1963, 1969, 1975, 1980, 1997, and 2000).
In June 2003, Apple Inc. Announced 'iChat AV', a new version you know uh so of IChat, based on the industry - standard Session Initiation Protocol (SIP) for video chat and audio chat.
Also in 1979, the group made headlines when, for so I mean um the first time, they rammed a whaling vessel, the notorious pirate whaling vessel 'Sierra'.
Multiple births are common and work well in uh I mean okay commercial operations, including programs where rams are specifically used to sire lambs for slaughter.
Since 2005, she has been chair of the Tate Members Council like you know um and became the first female Honorary Fellow of Jesus College in 2007.
In 2006, Slean teamed up with video director Nelson well you know well Chan ( 'Mary', 'Day One' ) to create a three part short like um I mean film 'Tales of the Baroness'; the first segment aired on 11 May 2007 on Bravo! .
Jung started her career as a VJ on Play TV you know um okay in 2008, while studying for her BBA, but then moved to AAG TV in 2010 while her MBA.
A glider, (also known as a sailplane) is a airplane so I mean I mean with no power source, which is towed into the air and then 'glides' back to the ground.
A 2006 estimate by the International Organization for like I mean you know Migration suggests that between 10, 000 and 25, 000 Sudanese you know so well are living in London, whilst a fairly vague estimate of 3, 000 to 18, 000 has been placed in Brighton.
The new Decatur gym was necessary to house the crowds packing okay I mean um in to watch legendary coach Gay Kintner chase his fourth so so you know state title at the helm of the Stephen Decatur basketball so um I mean team, having guided the team to state championships in 1931, 1936, and 1945.
The film has only 24 minutes, and is about a well you know um young boy, who dies and then his favourite math uh you know okay teacher observes, that he hardly knew him, he was only an unknown number on a class roll book, a 'cipher'.
'The Lucky One' is the third single from um so um American country singer Faith Hill's album 'Fireflies' that was a Top 10 Country hit in 2006.
They rarely bathed, slept on concrete floors without blankets, and many were forced to defecate on the floor.
At the time, many people did not know their you know uh I mean actual birth records; although it is not certain what occurred in this case.
It is the third largest city in the Eastern Province, um okay uh after Kenema and Koidu Town and lies just over 215 miles east of the nation's capital Freetown.
In Roman time, here was the crossing of two okay like um majer roads, a fortifcation is said to have been well so well at the place of 'Schloss Prugg' (castle of Duke Harrach).
Hopton himself was temporarily blinded the next day by an exploding ammunition cart, which also left the army very short of gunpowder.
Rumer Glenn Willis (born August 16, 1988) is so so uh an American actress, singer and 'Dancing with the Stars' season well uh you know 20 winner, the oldest daughter of Bruce Willis and Demi Moore, and stepdaughter of Emma Heming.
On August 27, 1902, he married Miss Olive Knowles Hornbrook well uh well who helped him with his work, acting as a skilled I mean well like technician, and as an artist whose delicate watercolor drawings illustrated many of his scientific publications.
Stephanie is Belle's madame in series one: she was once a call girl like Belle herself.
In Sherwood Forest, the two find him tending to well so well a sickly Maid Marian who is pregnant and ill. Belle um like you know persuades Rumplestiltskin not to leave a child fatherless; the arrow purposely misses, leaving Robin Hood and Marian to flee.
After attending Dartmouth College, he became associated with the Bishop I mean so you know Museum and spent the next 60 years roaming the I mean I mean I mean Pacific, seeking out Polynesian settlement sites, excavating relics, and photographing petroglyphs.
Self taught in aircraft design, Clayton built five aircraft at his um uh uh family farm between 1916 and 1926, including a Henderson powered high - wing.
He made his debut as a half - time substitute you know um um for Luke Howell in a 2 -- 2 away draw I mean uh you know with Exeter City on 8 March 2014 before being okay so um recalled by Cambridge United on 4 April, before his loan was due to end.
Arriving at the coast the man goes um so you know to scavenge what he can on a beached so okay I mean ship, leaving his son to keep watch but the boy falls asleep and they are robbed of everything.
The name itself is a portmanteau of 'Gradius' and 'Parody' well like uh and, eponymously, the game is a parody of the 'Gradius' series of space - based horizontally - scrolling shooters.
The first edition of the dictionary was printed in 1940, but soon became out of print in 1958.
He is known for making a unique contribution to I mean so well his family genealogy, through research into it's early origins, he claimed the title of Count.
Previously, he was the Financial Times 'U. S. Managing Editor and uh well uh before that, Editor of the FT's Continental European so um uh edition (2000 - 2002), during which he briefed US President you know I mean um George W. Bush ahead of his first trip to Europe.
The hindwing is in the apical half of the cell like so you know and short apically truncate streaks in the interspaces beyond white; uh okay like these broad streaks broad are divided only by the black uh like um veins, followed by a subterminal curved series of crimson lunules irrorated with black scales.
On April 28, 2016, Harris Publications ceased operations and its magazine brands and trademarks were acquired by Athlon Media.
A hug is a form of physical intimacy, that usually you know okay like involves closing or holding the arms around the neck, so okay well back, or waist of another person; if more than I mean I mean I mean two persons are involved, this is referred to as a group hug.
They are hospitalized for months, and therefore, okay well well they can not continue their quest until Into The you know so um Gauntlet when they return and steal all of Bae Oh's clues.
Honey's natural sugars are dehydrated to prevent fermentation, with okay um you know added enzymes to modify and transform their chemical composition and well well uh pH. Invertases and s into honey by a process of regurgitation, a number of times, until it is partially digested.
Jeffrey Guy Campbell (born October 2, 1962) is a uh so uh former water polo player who won a silver okay um well medal for the United States at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.
She just merely detests driving into Halifax -- where okay um so her daughter and nominator Janis lives; she breaks down well okay well entirely on the highway, even going so far as to okay um so stop on the highway in place when she is confused.
The original Serph manipulated Sera and his team for his own okay like well ends while the original Heat attempted to protect her: okay uh you know when Sera saw Serph killing Heat while linked well you know so to the EGG, God felt her pain and attacked Earth.
Dr. Jane Hodgson, a Minneapolis gynecologist, challenged the law, um like like and the Eighth Circuit had ruled that the state would I mean you know well be unconstitutional without a judicial bypass, but that the bypass provision saved it.
EastWest Records wanted to showcase their new headline signing and they I mean okay uh announced the release of Octopus in a high profile publicity campaign.
Scenes and studies of savage life', which appeared in 188 A I mean um well. D. In 187 B. C he wrote 'Education of the you know so okay Rural Poor' which argued for the extension of elementary education to all, including agricultural laborers.
The first truly native Neolithic culture was the Funnelbeaker culture like well I mean named after the shape of their typical clay vessels, I mean you know okay which developed starting around 4400 BC and lasted some two thousand years.
Today there is little to no information regarding possibly one uh so well of the greatest taxidermy firms in the world, apart from you know okay so P. A. Morris' studies, the Van Ingen factory in Mysore, India lies derelict overgrown by the local jungle.
It is made of grated coconut, rice and jaggery, and like like like cooked by wrapping and steaming in turmeric leaves. Konkani okay well uh people prepare patolyos on the second Sunday of Shravan, on Nag Panchami and on Hartalika, the eve of Ganesh Chaturthi.
By 1295 CE Lohr had grown in size and importance and had become center of the County Rieneck.
Dagný Brynjarsdóttir (born 10 August 1991) is an Icelandic footballer well I mean so who plays for the Portland Thorns FC and the Iceland national team.
Williams was born in Lansdowne, Cape Town, South okay you know like Africa and grew up in Mitchells Plain, the coloured township established under apartheid.
Bartlett Laffey (1841 - March 22, 1901) born in you know so uh Ireland, he enlisted in the United States Navy 17 March 1862 and was assigned to stern wheel gunboat 'Marmora'.
However, here she's said to have three kids, I mean uh like two cats and a mortgage making it inconsistent with Lucy's I mean well okay later appearance, in the Supergirl movie, where she's still a teenager.
In the pool house, Ryan asks Marissa what she like uh well wants to do for Valentine's, which is tomorrow... But Marissa can't plan that far ahead.
A remake of the 1922 Paramount silent film you know so so 'Ebb Tide', it was filmed again in 1947 as 'Adventure Island', produced by William H. Pine.
Artist friends followed him, including painter and illustrator Maxfield um so well Parrish, who designed and built his estate, the Oaks, so well so in the area, and the surrounding area became the center of the popular Cornish Art Colony.
'Massive Attack' is a song by Trinidadian recording artist Nicki Minaj like um so and American singer - songwriter Sean Garrett, for Minaj's debut album 'Pink Friday'.
The Act was repealed in 1962, but by this time, um uh you know much of the language and traditions had been either okay I mean well corrupted or lost, but a few kaumatua and kuia (elders) continued to orally communicate their knowledge through the generations.
In 'Chapterhouse Dune' (1985), Suipol is an acolyte chosen to serve uh I mean so and accompany Odrade on her voyage with Tamalane and okay like well Dortujla to meet the Great Honored Matre Dama on Junction, as Miles Teg leads a force to attack Gammu.
Raheem Morris (born September 3, 1976) is the former well uh well head coach and defensive coordinator for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the National Football League.
The poor soils of New Caledonia promote a restriction in large so like okay ground - dwelling prey, so Mekosuchus had specialized back teeth for cracking mollusk shells.
There is no clear evidence of other adverse effects from water fluoridation okay okay uh because studies on adverse effects have been mostly of low quality.
He moved out of his parents' house, dropped out okay like okay of high school, and began working as a gas station I mean I mean so attendant; he also gained a lot of weight, at one point weighing 275 pounds.
Three days later, the monk Hyo - Jeon asked uh I mean okay for follow - up action to the president of the like uh okay college but Ilbe user didn't apologize his crime and kept insulting her.
Previously, there were two ferry crossings of Salhusfjorden, From 7 like okay um July 1936, a ferry service ran between Isdalstø and Steinestø.
Designed by Ken Shuttleworth of MAKE Architects, it contains you know like so 135 flats, of offices, shops, a hotel and a 'skyline' restaurant it is the final phase of The Mailbox development.
However, Francine and Hayley suddenly break out in laughter well okay I mean and express complete amusement by the whole state of you know you know I mean affairs, though they also let Klaus know that like uh uh they want the switch to be short - lived.
It was released as a Digital Download on 3 uh you know I mean June 2010 and was released as the third and final I mean like so single from 'Sigh No More' in the United States on 7 June 2011.
The company was founded in 1859 by James Greaves and George Cotton and incorporated in 1922 as a private limited company.
Clubs of Spain have won the UEFA Champions League a um like I mean record of 13 times and they are second um uh well overall with 45 titles, including nine UEFA Super Cups, a record shared with the Italian clubs.
The comic was available through newsagents between 1983 and I mean like you know 1986, lasting seven issues, and it filled an important so you know uh role at the time, giving new creators a chance to develop their skills and established artists a new platform for their talents.
His duets and collaborations both on stage and in the uh well well studio with other artists have been extensive I mean okay you know and he has worked with the likes of Brigitte Fontaine, so I mean like Chris Isaak, Marianne Faithfull, Elli Medeiros, Astrud Gilberto, Vanessa Daou, the Swingle Singers, and more.
The former was one of the 48 constellations listed by the okay well okay 2nd century astronomer Ptolemy, while the latter was first depicted as Triangulus Antarcticus by Petrus Plancius in 1589.
Former daughter in law of Filip Hristić, Artemiza Hristić (née Joanides), I mean well so was the mother of son of King Milan um so you know Obrenović, George, who born out of wedlock and was adopted by Count Ziči.
Known as 'News 25 at Nine on My like um so 59', the show can be seen for thirty minutes and well um you know competes with another half - hour production airing at the same time on WYZZ (produced by CBS affiliate WMBD - TV).
Firstly there are two scenes devoted to Jesus' baptism, I mean um you know that in the nativity scene the statue of the well you know you know baby Jesus shows him standing and there are three crosses like uh you know depicted with those bearing the two robbers being a part of the composition.
Most species are relatively large (typically at least) with some I mean okay I mean of the largest, such as 'Lethocerus', exceeding, and nearly so I mean like reaching the dimensions (length and mass) of some of the larger beetles in the world.
In 1994 the Natural Heritage Trust of Henderson County was um you know I mean formed and a year later it was renamed uh so uh the Carolina Mountain Land Conservancy and has expanded its area uh like okay of focus to include Transylvania and parts of Buncombe, Rutherford, Polk and Jackson Counties.
There is a St Kentigern's school and church in Blackpool, so okay so while in the Lake District village of Caldbeck there is a church and a well named after him.
It can also mean a range of vocational well I mean so and academic courses which can be taken at various um so so academic and vocational levels from a subject discipline, Health so well so and Social Care combines elements of sociology, biology, nutrition, law, and ethics.
In 2006, he and the Cavaliers negotiated a three - year, I mean like so $ 60 million contract extension instead of the four year like you know um maximum as it allotted him the option of seeking a new well you know like contract worth more money as an unrestricted free agent following the 2010 season.
In the summer of 1299, the Mongol army under uh well um the leadership of Ghazan, a descendant of Genghis Khan, so okay like had again been successful in briefly capturing Syria from the you know um uh Mamluks at the Battle of Wadi al - Khazandar, on December 23 or 24, 1299.
To achieve this, Pelli employed cultural and architectural themes of so uh so the city, including Native American, art deco, and contemporary styles, I mean you know well making heavy use of swirling circular elements in the exterior and interior designs of the building.
The instrument was owned by several, unknown bass players well um you know and would have been lost when it nearly met its I mean uh I mean end in the 1830s as it sat backstage in a marionette theater in Milan.
Southfort is an unincorporated community in DeSoto County, Florida, United um you know uh States, located approximately south of Fort Ogden on U. S. Route 17.
Australian Football is the official name for Australian rules you know you know okay football, the code of football played in the Australian Football League (AFL).
He received his Masters in Planning from the University of uh um okay Southern California in 1948, established his golf course uh I mean I mean architecture practice in 1954, and continued working there for over fifty years.
Fernandes' parents immigrated Britain in the 1960s from Kenya and Mauritius, uh well well her mother was a nurse and local councillor and her father worked for a housing association.
As Chinese students believe that American credentials can like I mean so expand their career opportunities these students expect that a well um okay degree from a prestigious college in the United States will give them an edge over others in searching for a job.
Since then, most neptunium has been and is still you know so uh produced by neutron irradiation of uranium in nuclear reactors and the vast like you know okay majority is generated as a by - product in conventional nuclear power reactors.
The British Royal Navy took her into service as HMS um uh um 'Rolla' and she served in Sir Home Riggs Popham's attack on Buenos Aires.
The 'Lady of Mann' was an exceedingly popular ship; when I mean uh like she came to be broken up enthusiasts wrote from all parts of Britain hoping to get souvenirs from her.
Benedict International Education Group, Inc. Was formed in 1928 by Dr so like well. Gaston Bénédict, a linguist and previous Professor at you know like um the University of Southern California, established his first school in Lausanne, Switzerland.
In its early stages, it can go unnoticed and painless with slight physical changes.
Operation Deep Water was a 1957 NATO naval you know okay uh exercise held in the Mediterranean Sea that also involved the so well well first units of the United States Marines Corps uh so uh to participated in a helicopter - borne vertical envelopment operation during an overseas deployment.
In the 2007 film 'Ghost Rider', directed by Mark I mean like um Steven Johnson and starring Nicolas Cage as Johnny Blaze / Ghost so um I mean Rider, Blackheart is portrayed by Wes Bentley as the main antagonist, alongside his father Mephisto (portrayed by Peter Fonda).
Winston Raymond Peters (born 11 April 1945) is a um like uh New Zealand politician and leader of the populist New Zealand I mean well well First party which he founded in 1993, and served as uh uh uh the 13th deputy prime minister of New Zealand from 1996 to 1998.
The MCC were now 39/2, but Cowdrey came in and you know like uh made the highest score of his career, his 307 I mean like you know beating Frank Woolley's 305 not out against Tasmania in 1911 well like you know - 12 as the highest score by a tourist in Australia.
To the north of the statue was the location of I mean so I mean the bandstand demolished during the second world war, okay well so and as part of the park refurbishment the bandstand was rebuilt -- but on a larger scale.
The G. I. Loan responsible for building the caliph's okay well like palace, fits another stereotype: that of Muslim men deriving their power through the support of the Western world.
Caligiuri's 2006 state senate victory was a rare bright you know um uh spot for Connecticut's Republicans as the departing incumbent from the 16th like uh okay District, Democrat Chris Murphy, ousted incumbent Republican Congresswoman Nancy Johnson.
At first, Gary doesn't believe him, but he soon realizes that the man is actually the devil.
In all the project would cost between $ 75 million okay well uh and $ 90 million, making it the largest current apartment development project in Greater South Baltimore.
After leaving the Black Panther Party for Self - you know um uh Defense and raising her daughter Erika, Brown like uh well worked on her memoirs, A Taste of Power, and um uh um eventually returned to the struggle for black liberation, especially espousing the need for radical prison reform.
But most of them speak the local Oromo, Harari or Somali languages. In Ethiopia, they are Usually known as Qallu.
Klein Bonaire, the small island in the sheltered lee well um so of the Bonaire, has the same geological history, and while uh I mean I mean Bonaire at least has some hills, Klein Bonaire's surface is pretty much level, just a few feet above high tide.
Keys gave birth to her second child, a son, on okay like you know December 27, 2014, and Keys performed at the BET Awards 2015 with The Weeknd.
Monks from Harnham regularly visit meditation groups in the well well like North East of England and Scotland, in addition to a okay you know uh lot of non-Buddhist groups and individual visitors, including school well okay um and university groups, are coming to the monastery to learn about Buddhism.
In 1980, he founded the music group well so uh Einstürzende Neubauten ( 'Collapsing New Buildings' ); the first album he owned was by Pink Floyd.
The city was founded in the early 20th century, and okay you know like since the 1980s has been continually enlarged by Egyptian you know I mean I mean and foreign investors to become the leading seashore resort on the Red Sea.
Because of poor transportation connections with the rest um okay I mean of Oregon, the early economic orientation of Lake County was like um um toward California: both the 'San Francisco Chronicle' and the so like okay 'San Francisco Examiner' arrived in Lakeview daily, often before the 'The Oregonian'.
Meanwhile, Glorificus, a hell - goddess who was exiled from okay so well her dimension after a war, has been freed from her human form, known as Ben.
The Museum of Croydon is a museum located inside the Croydon Clocktower arts facility in Central Croydon, London, England.
The idea behind the high class health care I mean like so institution in Pakistan was conceived in New York, USA um uh uh in the mid of 1985. After consistent discussions and I mean okay like meet ups, the present site in the capital city of Islamabad was selected for this project.
Roland the Farter was a medieval flatulist who held Hemingstone like um um manor in Suffolk and 30 acres of land in return for performing as a jester for the king.
The plantation also had a 24 foot, one so well okay room business office with several windows and a fireplace used okay I mean you know by Dr. This also served as a hospital for the sick and wounded Confederate soldiers.
Another similar archway with similar architecture was built in you know you know you know Ta' Xbiex, also back then part of Sliema, by the um you know so same Testaferrata family but was demolished in 1989 and okay okay so the exact location it stood is unknown but was in the parameters of Brockdorff Street.
The Eustis Lake Region was first published on uh um uh October 23, 1884, starting out as a weekly newspaper, after you know okay um the paper was acquired by Ansil Daniel Miller joined the Associated News Service it became a daily.
A former U. S. Senate Aide, Rooney currently teaches well I mean so at DePaul University, and lives in Chicago with her husband, the writer Martin Seay.
Armfelt wrote to Rudenschöld, who wanted him back as her lover, well uh uh and used her as a messenger, asking her to you know so I mean make contact with his followers, the young King and with the Russian embassy.
Sections of the press thought he should remain England captain, like uh okay but he was replaced as Test captain by Jardine, who was well like okay not a popular choice; the selectors chose Jardine to exercise more discipline on the team than Chapman had done.
His father, a former semi-pro soccer player, is I mean okay okay from Haiti whilst his mother is of Greek heritage okay okay you know through her grandfather Louis, who immigrated to the U. S. From Agia Sotira, Greece in 1949.
The term is used more and more in well okay I mean the feed industry where it refers to a healthy balance of the micro-flora in the gastrointestinal tract.
Resiliency is distinguished from recovery as the 'ability to okay uh you know maintain a stable equilibrium' which is conducive to balance, harmony, and recovery.
With the war with france looming Truxtun was appointed okay like um captain in the newly formed U. S. Navy in 1794, okay so um and during the Quasi-War with France was in command of the USS 'Constellation'.
Lamballe (, Gallo: 'Lanball' ) is a town and commune uh so uh of north - western France, in the 'département' well well so of Côtes - d'Armor, on the Gouessant 13 miles ESE of Saint - Brieuc by rail.
Tell al - Rimah is located in Nineveh Province (Iraq), I mean so like roughly west of Mosul and ancient Nineveh in the Sinjar region.
The University of Kansas Medical Center features three schools: the so I mean okay School of Medicine, School of Nursing, and School of Health Professions that each has its own programs of graduate study.
Like other Farnese family building projects, the palace so like you know imposes its presence on its surroundings in an expression of so um well the family's power and wealth and his Villa Farnese at Caprarola has a similar presence.
It is based on the comic book character of so well um the same title created by Len Wein and Carmine Infantino, which will premier on Fox on January 17, 2010.
This type of structure is common in econometric models. It can be also carried out with the Durbin Watson test.
Since their pioneering use by Lotte Reiniger in silent films, um um uh silhouettes have been used to dramatic effect in many movies, um you know so including many of the opening credit sequences of the James Bond films.
Both the construction sector along with the wholesale and okay okay you know retail trade sector have 13 % of the population like I mean uh working within each which, so these three industries account for a high proportion of Great Bolas' employment structure.
Mr. Parsons, his wife Gloria, and his son Roger so you know well were all aboard the balloon; the two adults died well so okay when the balloon crashed in a sparsely - populated area of the Western United States, while the baby miraculously survived.
The 22 room Edwardian residence was designed by Charles so I mean so Tilleard Natusch and built by Russell and Bignell in 1906 okay so you know at a cost of £ 4, 566 for G. Frank Moore, a cattle and racehorse breeder.
In the sixth issue, Batman uses a gun loaded with I mean like so a special 'god - killing' bullet (the kind that well well okay was used to kill Orion) to slay Darkseid, whether so uh so or not the bullet killed Turpin or just the Darkseid entity remains to be seen.
Although she had an affair with art dealer Heinz so well uh Berggruen whom she met in the city, you know like like she and Rivera reconciled and re-married in a simple civil ceremony on December 8, 1940.
Bash is a Unix shell written by Brian Fox for the GNU Project.
Larry's father, Joe (Dan Hedaya), sees Suzanne lying about Larry you know so um on television, is enraged, and uses his Mafia connections to have her murdered.
The screenplay by Don Ettlinger and Karl Tunberg is loosely like like like based on Kate Douglas Wiggin's 'Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm' and tells uh um you know the story of a talented orphan's trials and tribulations after I mean I mean uh winning a radio audition to represent a breakfast cereal.
Current Super Graduate Champion is Trevor Newman, also like um you know Caterham Academy Group 1 Champion in 2005, and runner up you know like uh in Super Graduates in 2006 and Classic Graduates in 2007.
Lucifer's Call', is a post-apocalyptic role - playing video game for like so I mean the PlayStation 2 developed by Atlus, published by Atlus in Japan and North American, and by Ghostlight in Europe.
Mt Laguna is a small town east of San Diego okay like I mean located on Laguna Mountain and is located in the middle of Cleveland National Forest.
Lester Jenkins is the husband of Mary Jenkins and father I mean okay you know of Brenda Jenkins, and the entire Jenkins' clan lives in I mean like like a Washington, D. C. Apartment building, although it was not confirmed in the entire series run.
Prior to the start of the 2009 season with the Bayhawks, uh okay well Hubbard suffered a back injury and was unable to I mean uh I mean play the 2009 season and has not played in the MLL since.
In February 1944, the 2/48th was withdrawn back to uh like well Australia along with the 9th Division, landing in Brisbane on 20 okay well well February, making camp at Kalinga before personnel marched out for a long period of home leave.
Once they reach the fountain, Koura's youth is restored and he becomes invisible ( the 'cloak of darkness' ).
According to Jonathan Balcombe, Sherwin challenged the traditional view of the so like well insect as a 'spineless, pre-programmed automaton', suggesting that insects had uh uh okay preferences, habits, and memories, and could experience 'negative mental states'.
During the Western Han Dynasty (206 - 24 B. C.) Emporer Jing established uh like well an administration in Dangyang on an areas of 2000 uh um uh square km. In 1988 the State Council elevated this from a county to a municipality.
When she found out that Namor was in love with like you know you know Susan Storm, she tried to kill her, but Namor saved her and took her to a hospital.
Thai amulets is a kind of Thai Buddhist blessed items, so so I mean which is originated, used for raising fund I mean well like in order to help donate to the temple producing the amulets.
The season marks the debut of Arnold Schwarzenegger -- actor and so um I mean former Governor of California as host; the show's former I mean so um host, Donald Trump, stated he opted to leave 'out you know uh okay of respect' while he was focusing on his presidential campaign.
There they met up with Captain Archibald Gillespie I mean you know so of the U. S. Marines, who had recently been driven out you know um like of Los Angeles, brought a message from Stockton and you know uh okay along with his small force of 36 men and a small howitzer.
Carnaval music is often a song written especially for the occasion and is easy to dance to.
This runestone was carved by runemaster Öpir, who was active uh okay so in the late 11th and early 12th centuries, and uh um uh is classified as being in runestone style Pr4, also known as late Urnes style.
Mrs. August Belmont, as she thereafter was known, joined the uh well uh Metropolitan Opera's Board of Directors in 1933, founded the Metropolitan Opera I mean like so Guild in 1935 and the National Council of the Metropolitan Opera in 1952.
The island has working coast artillery guns on it but I mean okay okay unbeknowst to the authorities, the convicts can not access the shells that are locked away in the fort.
Some, such as Heathrow Airport in the United okay um you know Kingdom, are very large; others such as Fa'a'ā International Airport in Tahiti, are quite small.
William Henry Miles (1828 - 1892) was a founder and the so okay so first senior bishop of the Colored Methodist Episcopal Church okay I mean okay in America, a Methodist denomination formed in 1870 to serve African American Methodists in the American South.
He converted to Christianity from Islam in 1998 and took the name Beshoy after an Egyptian monk.
This election also saw the decrease in the so um uh number of seats controlled by the centre - right opposition bloc; it shrank from 133 to 111 deputies.
Roses are a favored subject in art and appear in portraits, illustrations, on stamps, as ornaments or as architectural elements.
Each retirement village has a centrepiece building containing the Audley Club, you know uh I mean housing facilities such as treatment rooms, swimming pool and relaxation areas, a restaurant and bar bistro, library and lounge.
Hannah applies make - up to Melissa, who um so uh being so weak can't open the lip gloss; in a like okay well montage of clips showing the wires, drips, Melissa's bones well well you know sticking out, etc. , and Hannah's family looking for answers back at her home.
Robert Muse Bass is an American billionaire worth approximately $ 5. 5 billion as of 2007.
Bartram was released from his contact and was replaced by well so okay Lockie, and his team started the 1960 -- 61 um like I mean season well and were in the top four by mid November 1960.
Claiford A. Arao, also known as Ford Arao, is uh you know uh a Filipino professional basketball player who currently plays for the SCTEX Road Warriors of the Pilipinas Commercial Basketball League.
The word 'Burdock' was collected as a geographic place name okay uh I mean between 1976 and 1981 and assigned a GNIS code befitting a non-census - designated and non-incorporated place.
But He was not awarded as Best Actor of well you know so the year for this film due to favoritism by Nigar Award Jury.
From the 1880s until 1915 up to 2 well well you know million Jews left Eastern Europe which at the I mean well um time about three quarters of its Jewish population lived in a shtetl.
Agriculture is the main income source. We depend mostly on ground Water.
Riverview is a hamlet in central Alberta in St. Paul County, located east of Highway 41, northwest of Lloydminster.
Kaikeyi, who was acting as Dasaratha's charioteer quickly you know so like drove the chariot away from the battle field and nursed the wounded King back to health.
'Oxford Dictionary of National Biography;' Abraham, Sir Edward Penley 'Shortly after I mean well well the team published its first results in 1940, Fleming so okay you know telephoned Howard Florey, Chain's head of department, to okay um okay say that he would be visiting within the next few days.
Burckle Crater is likely very large scale comet or like um so meteorite impact event located in between or to the I mean uh well east of Madagascar and west of Western Australia in the southern Indian ocean.
In his paper, Smith describes the technique of uh um uh induced values, the method used in controlled laboratory experiments in economics, political science, and psychology.
His 'Occasional Issues of Unique and Very Rare Books' I mean so so (1875 - 1881) included among other things the 'Annalia Dubrensia' of Robert Dover.
In 1915, he graduated from Lincoln University located in Pennsylvania with a Bachelor's degree, Guthrie, R. V. (1998).
He was eighteen years old when his father died, and so okay um so a regency was appointed that ruled in his name for the next nine years.
On leaving school he was apprenticed to learn book - keeping, okay uh okay conveyancing and practical farming, but soon disgraced himself and was sent to Amsterdam to work in a merchant's office.
The generic name refers to Xuanhan County in okay um well Sichuan, while the specific name is derived from the town of Qilixia.
It was Fox who bought and provided land and um I mean well the cemetery although it is now officially called 'St Mary's um um like Rest Garden 'is is still known locally as' Foxes Close'.
He graduated from Cassopolis High School, Cassopolis, Michigan I mean so I mean in 1964 and entered Michigan State University, where so well I mean he was editor - in - chief of campus daily newspaper 'The State News'.
The Palace of Seyid Mirbabayev is a palace owned by Seyid um so I mean Mirbabayev, who lives in Baku, Azneft Square, Niyazi Street um I mean like 1 and is one of the oil millionaires of Azerbaijan.
Power door locks were introduced on the well okay so luxury Packard in 1956; nearly every car model offers this feature as at least optional equipment.
The metal is extracted from its principal mineral ores you know so well by the Kroll and Hunter process es. The most um okay um common compound, titanium dioxide, is a popular photocatalyst and is used in the manufacture of white pigments.
Mason sees his chance to escape custody and disarms Goodspeed, but well uh I mean Goodspeed convinces him to help defuse the rockets, since Mason's daughter is also at risk from them.
Antony Barrington Brown FRPS (13 July 1927 -- I mean I mean I mean 24 January 2012) was a designer, photographer, and explorer, a Fellow of the Royal Photographic Society.
Omar reminds Bunk that he helped him by finding a I mean so you know police service weapon for him yet Bunk remains skeptical of Omar's claims of innocence.
Ps. Plutarchos, strom. 2, fr. 179 Sandbach The first animals um like you know were born in the water, by the influence of okay you know okay the sun. Aetios V 19, 4 The human okay like so being was supposed by Anaximander to have sprung so um okay from some other animal, which at the beginning was similar to a fish.
Wooster married the daughter of Thomas Cap, president of Yale College (David 1).
However the other famous church is the protest church okay well like named 'Iglesia de Piedra' (Church of Stone) because of its design, the whole church is made completely out of stone.
The play began its Broadway premiere at the Gerald I mean you know well Schoenfeld Theatre on August 28, 2014 (in previews) and okay um uh officially on October 9, 2014 in a limited 18 - week engagement, through January 4, 2015.
She was appointed Reader in AMU in 1964 the you know like um Department of English and continued there, in 1983 became a Professor of English, and retired in 1988.
Potassium carbonate, Potassium sulfate, Potassium sulfide, Sulfur, Potassium nitrate, Potassium thiocyanate, Carbon, Ammonium carbonatefgeq, Hydrogen, Methane, 1. 11 % water.
The boat is close hauled, with the sail set so you know uh at, for example, 15 ° relative to the apparent wind, uh uh um the effect of depression on the leeward side comes into play.
This Curation Toolbar is available to editors for okay um so any page listed in the, and can be used as well as or instead of it.
Alunogen also called feather alum and hair salt is a um uh okay colourless to white (although often coloured by impurities, like iron substituting for I mean okay um aluminum) fibrous to needle - like aluminium sulfate mineral often found like like like on the walls of mines and quarries as secondary mineral.
Its first parade was held May 5, 1868, and the um like I mean town has held it every year since; however, the uh like um Memorial Day parade in Doylestown, Pennsylvania, predates Ironton's by one year.
Robert G. Hoyland, Arabia and the Arabs like so okay p. 55 A reportedly cruel ruler; he had great pride of well uh well himself and used to burn whoever opposes him with fire, um uh so he was assassinated in 569 or 570 by the poet' Amr ibn Kulthum.
Fungi, such as 'Coccidioides immitis', also possess degradative chitinases related to um okay I mean their role as detritivores and also to their potential as arthropod pathogens.
The river begins as the Agra Oya, in the Horton Plains so um like in the Central Highlands which have an annual rainfall of between 125 and 200 inches a year.
In 2009, the hiring of two independent organizations so you know um reviewed BART's policies and procedures in the process of overseeing okay well um the BART Police which investigated the matters of BART Police Shooting of Oscar Grant.
In 2002, they were named the top 'One Life uh um so to Live' all - time romantic couple by magazine 'Soaps I mean so so In Depth', and are one of the most avidly watched supercouples.
Islam began in Asia in the 7th century during the okay well okay life of its prophet Muhammad (SallaAllaho Allayhi Wasalaam) like like like number of adherents of Islam has lived in Asia um I mean so and specially South and Middle - east Asia since the beginning of Islamic history.
There are dozens puzzles to solve that open approximately 50 you know I mean you know locked doors, all are needed to find a way off the island.
Taylor Henderson, the runner - up of the fifth series of you know like uh 'The X Factor Australia', covered it in his debut self I mean uh well - titled album through Sony Music Australia on 29 November 2013.
He won the silver medal in the high jump behind um I mean um Irving Baxter of the United States, and the bronze well okay I mean medal in the long jump behind Alvin Kraenzlein and Myer uh uh so Prinstein, he also finished fourth place in the triple jumps behind Prinstein, James Connolly and Lewis Sheldon.
The ship was driven ashore at Gibraltar whilst on a voyage from London to Malta.
Race Struggles edited by Theodore Koditschek, Sundiata Keita Cha I mean um so - Jua, Helen A. Neville Page 211 - 226 The Committee okay I mean well for the Protection of the Foreign Born aided um so uh in securing the right of a number of Japanese Communist deportees to be sent to the Soviet Union.
It is tied for the 9th longest streak in Division uh you know so 1 College Football History; only 13 other teams have won more straight games.
If 1950 DA continues on its present orbit, it may approach like well um Earth on March 16, 2880, though the mean trajectory passes like I mean like many millions of kilometers from Earth, so 1950 DA does not have a significant chance of impacting Earth.
Through all these changes, the characters have remained popular; um like like the books sell more than a million copies annually, several well you know so new volumes are published each year, and the boys' adventures have been translated into more than 25 languages.
Do you know what it means not to know what okay I mean like to do? ' Graham was ultimately convicted while the okay uh uh informant was immediately released from jail and her sentence commuted to time served.
This began a pattern of speculative ventures that he um like you know ran alongside regular employment which he later described as 'drifting into theatrical work'.
Tecpán is sometimes called the 'first' capital well like um because it was the first permanent Spanish military center, but well um uh the Spaniards soon abandoned it due to Kaqchikel attacks that made defense of the city untenable.
We discussed the issues on the talk pages first, you know okay uh tried BRD, and another editor attempted a partial rollback, like you know you know and an RfC, then when that didn't work, we worked I mean you know okay on draft material in my user space for use in other possible future actions.
Everyone watches a television showing a high - speed chase um like I mean approaching the Burbank, California shopping center, which ultimately ends you know well um with the fugitive crashing his car through the Buy More front doors.
The Dunnville Terriers are a Junior 'C' team based in I mean uh so Dunnville, Ontario, playing in the Niagara Junior C Hockey League.
The units facing either south or west have terraces or balconies overlooking grasses and trees on the condo's lower green roof.
The games sold over 60, 000 copies by February, but by April the games sold over 100, 000 copies.
Currently, Ms. Fier is a writer / producer for you know like uh FM Productions and lives with her husband and two children in suburban New York.
His daughter Martha married George Corson (1803 - 1860) I mean uh uh in 1832, and following Maulsby's death, the couple purchased the farm and quarry from his estate in 1839.
Palladio Film is an International production company based in Cologne and London that specializes in feature films and documentaries.
Adjacent to Lanikai Beach is a primarily upper - class residential area, so uh like becasue of this it is only accessible through public access paths.
Samantha Bond (born 27 November 1961) is an English actress, I mean so like best known for her role as Miss Moneypenny in um I mean um the James Bond films during the Pierce Brosnan years.
G - Star's flagship store is located in well like well New York City, United States; however, the brand is far you know I mean like more famous in the Netherlands, Germany, the United Kingdom, Spain, and other European countries.
In 1893 he took his family with him to um so you know the mines at Burjassot near Valencia, returning the so like uh next year to Madrid to help Juana Nessi, whose husband had just died.
The city is the site of Abu Ghraib um I mean like prison which was the site of abuse and executions of political okay well um dissidents under Saddam Hussein and the torture and okay like um abuse of prisoners by members of the United States Army um like so Reserve in 2003 during the US occupation of Iraq.
As translated into English, 'Tishbite' is the demonym for Tishbe: I mean okay um the demonym is predicated of the prophet to uh uh um denote that his residence or possibly his birthplace was Tishbe.
Scott Halberstadt (born on August 17, 1976 in Connersville, okay like so Indiana) is an American actor who is perhaps best so you know you know known for his recurring role as Eric on the hit Nickelodeon series 'Drake & Josh'.
The organisation was established as the Interior Decorators and Designers so um uh Association in 1966 and after merging with the International Interior okay okay well Design Association (UK Chapter) it became the British Institute of Interior Design.
The opening of the new arena was attended well um I mean by over 17, 000 people, who paid up to so so so $ 50 for tickets to the event, including J uh like so. P. Morgan, the Pierponts, the Whitneys and General William Tecumseh Sherman.
Pascal Lochard (born September 17, 1990) is a Canadian okay you know so football running back for the Ottawa Redblacks of the Canadian Football League (CFL).
Roz Ryan (born July 7, 1951) is an American actress, singer and comedian.
He returned to operations on 25 March 1945, claiming 26 more tanks destroyed before the end of the war.
In Australia, men's rights discourse has influenced government policy well well um documents; less impact has been noted in the United Kingdom, where feminists have historically had less influence on educational policy.
Ceran St. Vrain (May 5, 1802 -- October 28, well I mean I mean 1870), also known as Ceran de Hault de Lassus uh you know so de St. Vrain, was a major fur trader near Taos, you know I mean um New Mexico, where he and his partner William Bent built Bent's Fort.
Marxism is a form of fascism, i you know I mean okay. E. A doctrine which originates in the degradation of the individual well so you know whose elimination is considered as legitimate; whereas Capitalism substitutes economic you know you know I mean entities such as money, profit or interest to the real needs of life.
The meaning of each of them can be represented uh well so by a certain fuzzy set. One might define the glass as being 0. 7 empty and 0. 3 full.
Dutch Radio 3FM named him 'Serious Talent' acoustic version, a you know um uh duet with Anneke van Giersbergen performed live on Giel Beelen you know you know okay ´ s 3FM radio show created a small internet hype.
George Todd is an English professional rugby league footballer who played like well uh in the 1930s, playing at representative level for England, well well okay and at club level for Hunslet, as a, i. E. Number 6.
The Patrol Division is responsible for patroling the so you know um approximately forty square mile town twent - four hours a um so okay day and responds to all emergency, and non-emergency, calls for service.
In the corporate sphere, the name currently survives through the you know uh well Marmon Group of Chicago, Illinois, and Marmon Motor Company of Denton, Texas.
Henrik Hertz (August 25, 1797 -- February okay okay okay 25, 1870), Danish poet, was born of Jewish parents in Copenhagen.
Despite the rain, Albanians enjoy a great deal of sunshine, second only to Spain in average annual sunny days.
The Green Memorial Hospital in Manipay, Sri Lanka was founded by Dr Samuel Fisk Green in 1848.
Late Narendra Nath Hazarika was a prominent freedom fighter, okay well um who played a key role during the freedom like you know you know movement, was closely associated with setting up schools and Puranigudam Bapuji Hall & Library.
An ancient Welsh family of oligarchs, the Salusbury family was well so well first recognized by the crown during the reign of like uh well Henry VII after Thomas Salusbury put down a rebellion in Cornwall.
Hollings helped to establish the Hollings Center for International Dialogue, um so like an organization working to promote peace in the Middle East through small - scale conferences.
After another reorganization of the mission staff, Rev. George Schwarz arrived in September 1887, then Rev. Wilhelm Poland in 1889.
He was anxious to resume the Lord Chancellorship and lobbied repeatedly for you know like um it: it seems that he was actually promised a return you know you know um to the office in 1563, but the promise was not fulfilled.
It is uncertain as to whether he served in the Confederate well well um Army or not, tradition states that he did, but no permanent record exists within his family.
Cecilia Rozgonyi (1398 -- 1434) was the daughter of Peter Szentgyörgyi, an influential Hungarian nobleman.
He was the first Mormon to be a major party okay uh so presidential nominee, but lost the election to Barack Obama by I mean like uh 332 -- 206 electoral votes and by 51 -- 47 percent of the popular vote.
She has been coached by Martin Barras since 2009 and is also coached by Gary Sutton.
Leif Svensson (born July 8, 1951 in Härnösand, Sweden) is a okay um you know retired Swedish ice hockey player who played two seasons with the Washington Capitals in the late 70s.
When the Second World War broke out in September 1939 well well uh Ireland was in no position to become involved, in fact like like um some years before hand the deValera led government had declared a policy of neutrality.
AMS is an organized effort of parts of the um okay I mean infectious disease and public health community, in the US uh um uh particularly their professional organizations like the IDSA, the PIDS like okay uh and the nations highest public health agency, theCDC and globally the WHO.
Sir Henry Neville (c. 1562 - July 10, okay you know you know 1615) was an English diplomat suspected of being the actual writer of Shakespeare's works.
Adolph Gustav Kiefer (27 June 1918 -- 5 May 2017) well like uh was an American former competition swimmer, American Olympic champion, last I mean uh well surviving Olympic champion of Berlin, former world record - holder, well um you know and inventor and innovator of new products related to aquatics competition.
The match was also the last to be covered on you know so so the original BBC Radio 5; the station closed down that night, with BBC Radio Five Live launching the following morning.
James Paringatai (born 7 January 1986 in Taihape, New okay I mean so Zealand) is a New Zealand professional basketball player who currently plays I mean um okay for the Southland Sharks of the New Zealand National Basketball League.
Hardwick Court Farm is a large farm in Chertsey, Surrey and was first established during the Saxon period.
In 1883, an art school was founded in 1883 by like okay like the Walthamstow Literary Institute at the Trinity schoolroom, in well I mean uh West Avenue, which was connected with the Science and Art Department, South Kensington.
Tim Lewis (born December 18, 1961) is a National Football League coach and former player.
Very little has been documented about this breed, and they well um like are not a recognized pure - breed in the Australian like you know I mean Canine Council, however Old Farmers and specialist breeders keep like so uh the original lines going and maintain effort in a future of the breed.
In May of 2013, Dr. Vanderpool and his wife Lauri officially uh okay like moved to Thomazeau, Haiti, selling both their home in Brentwood, Tennessee, and Vanderpool's private practice Lave MD.
In an interview with 'The New York Times', Noah likened you know okay uh Stewart to 'a Jewish Yoda' and recounted advice you know uh um Stewart gave him, saying, ' The most amazing thing that Jon did was he didn't give me a mandate.
Roger, the eldest son and always Aristide's favourite, is a well um I mean failure as businessman and has steered the catering business bestowed to okay um well him by his father to the brink of bankruptcy; he longs to live a simple life somewhere far away.
However, he did not have a chance to so uh you know defend it and was awarded posthumously an honorary degree in 2014.
The internal rate of return (IRR) or economic rate of like well um return (ERR) is a rate of return used in capital budgeting to measure and compare the profitability of investments.
The single was released on their own label, Surrealist Records, owned by bassist Simon Laffy.
The resulting knowledge about human kinesiology and sport like I mean you know nutrition combined with his distinctive posing styles makes Kamali so well uh a sought out bodybuilder for seminars and guest appearances and I mean um like has been featured in many bodybuilding articles, as well as being on the cover of MUSCLEMAG magazine.
In addition, Dodin has won 7 ITF singles titles on I mean okay like the ITF Women's Circuit and has reached the final of okay you know you know the 2014 Internationaux Féminins de la Vienne and the semifinals of the 2014 Open GDF Suez de Limoges.
The island supports a small population that has been whaling for hundreds of years speaking the languages of Adonara and Lamaholot.
She was on a voyage from Boston, Massachusetts to Saint John, New Brunswick, British North America.
Realizing Sparrow is the target, Elizabeth traps him aboard the uh you know uh 'Black Pearl' as the crew abandons the ship, and the monster drags Sparrow and the ship to Davy Jones's Locker.
In the UK, Germany, and Thailand (Before January 2012), the I mean well so product is available Over-the - counter as a pack of 12 tablets produced by McNeil.
Eve Myles (born 26 July 1978) is a Welsh um well well television, film, stage and voice actress who graduated from I mean okay I mean the Royal Welsh College of Music & Drama in 2000.
Polybius has been noted to be hostile to well well I mean some of his subject material; for example, his you know you know uh treatment of Crete has been noted to be biased in a negative sense.
'Right Type of Mood' is a song written and performed uh um I mean by Herbie Crichlow (under the name Herbie), featured on the 1995 album 'Fingers'.
Don Valley was a former federal electoral district represented in um like well the Canadian House of Commons, and located in the province of Ontario.
Its leadership headquarters were mainly in what became Ankole, believed to well you know well have been run by the Bachwezi dynasty in the fourteenth and you know I mean well fifteenth centuries, who may have followed a semi-legendary dynasty known as the Batembuzi.
Woods contacted Crowther and received his permission to make um you know I mean an improved version which also spread to many locations, including the PDP - 10 systems at MIT.
Chris Bruton (born January 23, 1987) is a Canadian professional okay you know um ice hockey player, who is currently playing for the Grand Rapids Griffins of the American Hockey League (AHL).
Colleen McEdwards (born 1968) is a Canadian anchor for like like okay CNN International, based at CNN International's Atlanta headquarters, where she anchors various editions of 'World Report'.
Audit firm Nexia BT, is the Mossack Fonseca um I mean um franchise in Malta which also audits the accounts of Schembri's companies in the Kasco Group.
He pushes the hostage to the florr and okay you know so grabs Alex's daughter then wlks under the decking and well okay so Alex imtandly follows after a gun shot is heard when you know uh um she gets down her dughter walks towards her and the criminal can not be found.
Named after its primary product, a web application Less Annoying um um uh CRM, also known as LACRM which is a customer relationship okay um so management (CRM) system that is available for Windows, iOS, Android, and Windows Phone.
In 1716, Scalan seminary was established in the Highlands okay like uh and rebuilt in the 1760s by Bishop I mean so okay John Geddes, a well - known figure in the Edinburgh of the Enlightenment period.
Haw was born in Woodford Green in the London Borough uh okay like of Redbridge and grew up in neighbouring Barking and in Whitstable, Kent.
To aid him in his fight against the four fighters, I mean so well the Nameless Sanzo has plush toy armies made of um so like captured human souls (that were considred bad) that would raised to serve him that when he is in trouble.
United's first internationals were defenders Harry Lilley and uh um um Michael Whitham who both appeared for England on 5 so like uh March 1892 and the most recent player to you know okay you know be capped while with United was another defender, Lecsinel Jean - François who played twice for Haiti in November 2011.
The 2007 -- 08 WHL season was his um you know you know fifth and final season with the Silvertips; he played 56 games and sported a 2. 45 goals against average.
Sophie McKay arrives at the end of 2006 and settles into you know so you know Ferndale High relatively easily though she is immediately at odds with Scarlett Valentine.
For the remainder of 2006 he divided his time between the two you know you know um tours, winning twice on the Nationwide Tour, and finishing you know um okay twelfth on the money list to regain his PGA I mean like um Tour card with effect from the start of the 2007 season.
Ultimately, the enteric microbiota of the intestine overgrow and like you know um may be the cause of further symptoms, though this idea has not been fully investigated.
In 1935 the AKC changed the name of the um I mean well breed to Staffordshire Terrier and then again like uh like in 1972 the name of the breed was changed to American Straffordshire Terrier.
Their one weak point is that they are show I mean well you know - offs, and can not resist shaping themselves to spell um well well the one word they know how to spell, before they attack.
There are approximately 2, 000 mantid species worldwide, the majority are found in Asia.
Locata Corporation is a privately held technology company you know so you know based in Canberra, Australia, that invented a local positioning okay okay okay system that government, commercial and other organizations use uh well so to determine positioning when Global Positioning System (GPS) signals are blocked or unreliable.
He was the first graduate and judicial officer I mean okay like of Arayamparmbil, a 250 year old famous tharavadu of Kodungallur.
Samarth Pratishthan (Devanagari: समर्थ प्रतिष्ठान) (2 Oct 1999) so okay like The aim is to communicate to do a good cultural, social you know okay so activities and make a great Pathak with discipline and creativity in all members.
International Amusement Limited (IAL) was incorporated on 15th like so okay September 1984 by Mr. Gian Vijeshwar, a Sweden based so well so businessman of Indian origin, with the primary objective to so okay so conceptualize and set up India's first amusement park 'Appu Ghar'.
When she died in 1641 there was a memorial like okay um brass placed in All Saints church in Durston um okay uh which includes a picture of her in a watchman's you know I mean you know greatcoat and that she was 80 years and seven months old.
Jinx recovers and soon notices that something is next to I mean like like him, feels the cat's head and grabs an eyelid; well you know uh promptly, Jasper opens his eye and hoists him up.
High velocities can cause light pellets to deform or even uh you know okay break apart and the transition from supersonic to subsonic will cause most pellets to tumble.
Sutti Veerabhadra Rao, popular as one of the famous 'Sutti Janta', well okay I mean was a popular Radio and Theater Artist from 1970 - 1980.
In today's Berlin much evidence regarding the space station is you know like so said to be found, for example the antenna mentioned I mean well um above which was apparently unmasked by East German and Soviet Russian scientists.
Inger Berggren, born 23 February 1934 in Stockholm, is a Swedish singer like I mean um who began singing in Thore Swanerud's orchestra, and later sang with Thore Ehrling, Simon Brehm, and Göte Wilhelmsson.
Originally there were more than this - Moghedien suggests twelve uh you know I mean were killed during the The War of Power, due to um um I mean arousing the Dark One's suspicions, she also suggests that there you know so okay were many more chosen before this but they were killed in the war of power.
In 'Tekken', Paul's sub-boss was Kuma, a bear supposedly trained um okay you know by Heihachi Mishima; this was explained by Paul um well okay having witnessed as a child that a martial artist named Willie Williams fighting a bear.
The Syracuse University Alma Mater was written by Junius W so okay um. Stevens (1895) in 1893 and is based on the then - popular song Annie Lisle.
The last whaling ship to be built at like uh uh Dundee was the 'Terra Nova', in 1884, and the whaling industry ceasing later in around 1912.
She left an estate of £ 2071 and so so I mean probate was granted in London to Thomas Marshall Sinclair, company secretary, and Reginald Victor Rowles, company director.
A new permanent exhibit, 'Endless Possibilities', was opened on December so uh like 15, 2009 and uses photos, objects, stories, and multimedia to trace the journeys of Iowa's African Americans.
Prof. Spärck Jones was a Fellow of the British Academy, you know like you know an AAAI Fellow and ECCAI Fellow, and was President of the Association for Computational Linguistics in 1994.
In 2008, the duo wrote a pilot script for their so uh okay first original sitcom; in 'Playing Shop', the two star as um well you know Eric and Jamie, friends who set up a business together after they are made redundant from their old jobs.
Among fourteen candidates, he finished fifth with 9, okay so I mean 971 votes (10 percent), just behind Clyde C. Holloway, um so you know the fourth - place candidate and a Republican member you know uh well of the Louisiana Public Service Commission from Johnson's neighboring Rapides Parish.
The character is played by actress Andrea Bowen, and first appeared um um okay in the pilot episode of the series in 2004.
Arua Airport is the second - busiest airport in Uganda, behind Entebbe International Airport.
Arulmigu Palaniandavar Polytechnic (APP), formerly APPM, is a technical um so so institution under the Directorate of Technical Education (DOTE), Guindy, uh okay you know Chennai. Serves students in and around Palani uh okay like as well as from the Dindigul, Theni, Madurai, and Coimbatore districts.
Jenny soon dropped out of her course and okay well you know started an affair with a married dentist, Robert so so okay Weston, and when he left his wife she moved in with him.
It was held annually at the Sheepshead Bay okay I mean well Racetrack at Gravesend, New York until 1913, and at Aqueduct Racetrack so you know okay in 1959 and 1961, and from 1918 to 1969 well you know like it moved to Belmont Park on Long Island where it is raced today as a Grade III event.
All events, associations, stimuli, and experiences return thoughts to the uh okay okay limerent object with unnerving consistency, while conversely the constant thoughts about the limerent object define all other experiences.
The motto 'Going Down' was adopted during the Second World uh I mean so War when operating on Hawker Typhoons over occupied Europe, this uh I mean okay was the flight leader's instruction to begin their diving attacks with bombs and / or cannons.
The Lowsman Trophy is awarded annually to the um like okay last player selected in the NFL draft, and it is you know well you know a parody of the Heisman Trophy, awarded to the outstanding college football player of the year.
The Manchester Writing School launched the second Manchester well so I mean Poetry Prize in 2010, with Simon Armitage, Lavinia Greenlaw like so I mean and Daljit Nagra as judges, and will be launching the like so um second Manchester Fiction Prize in January 2011, with Nicholas Royle once again acting as Head Judge.
Gilfry shortened his performing name from Rodney to Rod well so you know in 2005, and he celebrated his 20th year as a professional opera singer in 2006.
Route 812 joins Route 37 west into Ogdensburg, then goes south to Village of Lowville in Lewis County.
While it was some miles offshore, an explosives - laden boat you know okay okay rammed the starboard side of the tanker and detonated, um I mean so catching the vessel on fire and spewing approximately okay you know you know 90, 000 barrels of oil into the Gulf of Aden.
Mazari joined the Pakistan Tehreek - e - Insaf okay I mean I mean in 2008 and was elected to the National Assembly in 2013 from Punjab.
The Aquarium of the Pacific is located in the city you know uh well of Long Beach, California and features a collection um okay um of over 12, 500 animals representing almost 1, 000 different species.
Autry and later Roy Rogers appeared in a contemporary Western you know okay um setting, rather than the 19th Century 'Wild West' era you know you know I mean that allowed the stars to appear in modern clothing alongside motorcars, aeroplanes and telephones.
For the 2012 election, Quayle was drawn into the you know well well new Arizona 9th congressional district after redistricting, but instead chose so well uh to run in the newly configured 6th district, okay I mean you know where he already represented approximately two - thirds of the precincts.
The fourth series of the renminbi was introduced between 1987 okay so so and 1997, although the banknotes were dated 1980, 1990, or 1996.
The following day, March 20, 1848, the municipality of Trent I mean um so established the national guard and sent a patriotic appeal to like like well the citizens in which they expressed the wish that I mean um well the example of Trent should be followed by all of Trentino.
Stradella wrote at least 6 operas, numerous cantatas okay okay you know and oratorios, and 27 separate instrumental pieces, most for well uh you know strings and basso continuo, typically in the 'sonata da chiesa' format.
Sukyo Mahikari was established in June 1978 by Sachiko well like well (Kouko) Okada, using the name Keishu, at the Harumi Trade well you know like Center in Tokyo, Sachiko Okadaannounced the 'establishment of Sukyo Mahikari'.
The site was first documented in 1968 by Pekka like well I mean Sarvas, and since then a number of excavations have been undertaken, including four underwater excavations.
Three dioecious South American palms, with moderate to large, well uh you know acaulescent or erect trunks, their staminate inflorescences are spike - like, while the pistillate are branched and spreading.
Unlike his father, whose transformation culminated in a sickly, distorted um like like amalgamation of human and fly, Martin's mutation turned him um uh you know into a dangerous opponent, most likely due to his insect well well okay heritage being a natural part of his evolution rather than an accidental genetic fusion.
Shulman returned to his position at the NBC Symphony Orchestra okay so I mean in 1948, the same year he became a member of the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers.
He retained the shipping department and in 1870 renamed it well like I mean the Anchor Line of Steam Packet and commissioned a pennant so so well for his ships, designed by the artist William Cook, and featuring an anchor.
Repairing, teaching 'rock school' at Mom's Music, and building custom guitars, he began perfecting his trade craft.
Frederick Rutherford is a fictional character in the television sitcom okay like I mean 'Leave It to Beaver', the father of Clarence 'Lumpy' Rutherford and daughter, Violet.
For 1978, a new Champagne Edition convertible was launched, um you know okay available in blue or red metallic paint with white leatherette interior.
General Charles Bruce, future president of the club, was the uh well you know man to lead and entry to Tibet might be possible okay okay well because Sir Francis Younghusband had returned home after his 'Mission to Lhasa' and subsequent 1904 treaty.
Nandana Sen (, born Nandana Dev Sen on 19 August 1967 ) is an Indian actress.
Established in 2006, the competition was designed to recognize some uh like you know of the most innovative, creative and artistic songs created in the past year by emerging songwriters in Canada.
Peter Banner (born July -- September 1948 in Rochdale) I mean um so is an English professional rugby league footballer who played in the uh well um 1970s, playing at representative level for Wales, and well so you know at club level for Salford, Featherstone Rovers and Leeds as a, i. E. Number 7.
When Charlie found a Golden Ticket, he took Grandpa Joe to accompany him on the factory tour.
On January 2, 2007, Sony Ericsson announced in Stockholm that it like like okay will have some of its mobile phones made in well well so India, and that its two outsourcing partners, FLextronics and Foxconn will make 10 million cellphones per year by 2009.
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill School of Dentistry um so so is a school of dentistry located in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, United States.
Operation Fath - ol - Mobeen was A succesful operation uh like okay by Iran to retake the Dezful - Shush area after well uh so it was lost in the Battle of Dezful in January 1981.
After a string of successful albums, this was you know I mean okay her last rock - oriented album of the like okay like 1980s, before she would go on to try like okay uh a blues - based sound with 'True Love' in 1991.
A music video for their song 'The Big Picture' was like I mean well made, but the only member of the band featured was Amos, since so like well by then, unable to withstand pressure from Atlantic Records so so so she had jettisoned the entire band with the exception of Steve Caton.
Jamaal J. Jackson (born May 8, 1980) is a like you know I mean former American football center who played for nine seasons uh uh like for the Philadelphia Eagles of the National Football League (NFL).
At the age of 11 his family decided to move I mean like I mean to Germany where he visited th 'Clara - Schumann' music scool.
She has been married twice and has three children by her you know I mean uh second husband tenor, chorus master and conductor Simon Schouten but uh I mean so is known professionally by the surname of her first husband Ernst - Jürgen von Magnus.
Mazarine Marie Pingeot (born December 18, 1974 in Avignon, Vaucluse), who I mean okay I mean changed her name to Mazarine Marie Pingeot - well so like Mitterrand in 2005, is a writer and the daughter of former French president François Mitterrand and his mistress Anne Pingeot.
Within days of the election of a Conservative government in June you know okay um 1970, the new education minister, Margaret Thatcher, replaced both I mean so um Circulars with Circular 10/70, which allowed each authority to decide its own policy.
The house was built in 1806 by Asher Benjamin and added to the National Historic Register in 1966.
Rhodolite is a varietal name for rose - pink like uh like to red pyrope garnet found in Cowee Valley, Macon County, North Carolina.
For much of the 2004 -- 05 season, the club struggled so well um in the Premiership, but staged a remarkable comeback in the um okay I mean final weeks of the season, the catalyst being victory against Manchester United 2 -- 0.
Chartered Legal Executives in England and Wales can become I mean so you know partners in law firms and are eligible for certain so I mean so judicial appointments and as advocates, subject to meeting eligibility requirements.
It had a successful run at several Central uh okay you know Florida theaters and was featured at Orlando's premiere I mean you know you know LGBT pride event, Come Out With Pride 2011 and so so so raised over $ 2, 000 for an LGBT non-profit organization, the Zebra Coalition.
She founded the Toronto Arts for Youth Award, and well you know so has worked as an instructor for the theatre program at George Brown College.
In the Navy Cup held between the 1982 - 83 I mean uh um season, Galatasaray coach Đorđe Milić gives Metin Tekin a chance in the first eleven.
In 1978, its editor Pedro Chamorro was assassinated, however um okay you know even today it is unknown who was um um you know responsible some point the finger at Somaza's National Guard while others accuse the Sandinista's of his assination.
Then the result only says that it would okay you know you know be better if low utility people had not existed, a statement with little bearing on practical morals.
In 2003, she and her sister Alka Sadat established I mean you know like the Roya Film House and under this banner produced more than 30 documentaries and features films and won several awards.
Adjustments to the surface of the board are made well uh well with a hand plane or other method of wood removal well um okay and the process described above is repeated until the board is satisfactorily flat.
Not only does the Biggest Loser win prizes, but you know like um the second placer wins ₱ 500, 000, Artista uh I mean like Salon services worth ₱ 50, 000, a one - year membership with Fitness First, and Whirlpool home appliances.
Paraguay received military supplies and daily intelligence from Argentina, which also you know so um provided Paraguay with critical economic and military backing throughout the war.
Jace H. Fry (born July 9, 1993) is an American professional like uh like baseball pitcher who plays for the Chicago White Sox of Major League Baseball.
At, it is the highest peak on Durmitor mountain, um um well and had been thought to be the highest point in okay so well Montenegro, but new surveys have revealed there are three higher peaks on the border with Albania.
There is a Roman temple near the town that well I mean like was called Ain Libbaya or Ayn Libbaya that was so um you know classified amongst a group of Temples of Mount Hermon by George Taylor.
His parents were Constantine Ioannes 'Iplik (t) sis' Ioannou um uh well / Ionides (1775 -- 1852) and his wife Mariora um uh well Ioannou - Sentoukakis (1784 -- 1857), who had set up a London branch for his trading firm in c. 1815.
As a state legislator, Bayh unsuccessfully worked to lower you know okay uh the voting age in Indiana, and continued his effort in the Senate Judiciary Committee, where he also met opposition.
His other business interests included being director um uh uh of the Blackstaff Flax Spinning Company and chairman of several railway companies.
To the south - east is to be found you know well you know the sardine port of Douarnenez which gives like okay you know the bay its name, the only settlement of importance on the banks of the bay.
This results in the formation of glutamate semialdehyde, which spontaneously cyclizes to pyrroline - 5 - carboxylate.
MS 'SNAV Adriatico' was a ro - ro ferry um um well owned by Stena Line and operated on their Karlskrona - Gdynia service.
But he was not the only whale to attack okay like like his hunters, nor was he, apparently, the only white whale in the sea.
After a good season in which Kukësi were crowned Albanian Superliga you know um so champions, on 5 June 2017, Musolli received a call like so I mean - up from Kosovo for a 2018 FIFA World Cup qualifying match against Turkey.
Following a successful run at London's 380 - seat Royal Court I mean okay okay theatre, 'Jerusalem' transferred to London's West End at the 796 uh um I mean - seat Apollo Theatre for a limited 12 week season from 28 January 2010, closing on 24 April 2010.
Hakim Syed Karam Husain (1287AH/1870AD -- 11th Shawwal 1372 AH um like like / 25 June 1953) was merely 8 years I mean you know um old when his father Qazi Mir Imdad Ali died.
He studied at Amherst College, graduating in 1867 and was I mean like well later to become professor of political science and constitutional law at Columbia College in 1876.
The current principal of summit is Paul Kendall STacey the first well well so he is an excellent principal the students say some even call him 'the cereal of the unknown bowl'.
His wife worked at a wig shop but was well well you know killed one night in a burglary; the robber made off with $ 44. 94.
The Property was owned by farmer and local identity George Duncan, uh you know okay and the property has become known in the district over the years simply as 'Duncan's farm'.
She attended Rugby High School for Girls and went to Newnham College, Cambridge.
Serbianess fallacy is a fallacy based on the implied uh well okay Serbianess of the opponent in the discussion which can like uh uh be used to advance your position in discussion about like you know you know the topics directly or indirectly related to Serbia or Serbs, okay I mean so or if your opponent can be connected to Serbia or Serbs.
SCANA Corporation is a $ 9 billion Fortune 500 energy well I mean I mean - based holding company, based in Cayce, South Carolina, whose businesses include okay uh I mean regulated electric and natural gas utility operations and other energy - related businesses.
But when the boys discover that the dolls are like well uh not authentic but cheap knock - offs (as the you know okay like boys originally suspected), Kyle calls Shenanigans, leading to a riot which destroys the entire carnival.
He published a book with the title 'Das Gesetz der well you know okay Serie' ( 'The Law of the Series'; never translated I mean I mean I mean into English ), in which he recounted 100 or so like okay so anecdotes of coincidences that had led him to formulate his theory of Seriality.
'I'm Alive 'is a song written by the American rock band so you know well Tommy James and the Shondells and first recorded in 1969 as part of their album' Crimson and Clover'.
As a Muslim, he worked as the Secretary General um like um in the Myanmar Islam Religious Council until his passing okay um uh away on 7 January 1970, at 5. 50 p. M. Of heart disease.
On 6 May 1943, Peiper was awarded the German Cross uh um um in Gold for his achievements in February 1943 around Kharkov, well you know well where his unit gained the nickname the 'Blowtorch Battalion'.
Following the events of the previous games, the uh okay you know magical land of Gensokyo is once again at peace I mean uh I mean until yōkai begin to swarm the Hakurei Shrine so um uh and a tremendous power surges from beneath a lake high in the mountains.
His force consisted of around 1000 cavalry, including 112 heavy so well you know cavalry, and a similar number of infantry, from which uh like so around 1000 cavalry and 400 infantry were mercenaries hired like well so by Polish king, Casimir IV Jagiello; the rest were units from Gdansk.
The first Sanacja government was formed during the May 1926 constitutional uh I mean so reforms of the Second Polish Republic, and was headed by Naczelnik Jozef Pilsudski until his death in 1935.
Munchak was an offensive lineman for Penn State from um I mean so 1978 - 1981 during this time he you know you know like was a starter for the 1979 and 1981 seasons; however, he missed the 1980 season due to knee injury.
The village falls within the Non-metropolitan district of South you know uh okay Somerset, which was formed on 1 April 1974 under okay well uh the Local Government Act 1972, having previously been part of Yeovil Rural District.
Epiphanius uses the spelling Νασαραίοι, which he distinguishes from 'Nazoraios' uh like well in the New Testament, for a Jewish Christian sect apparently um so you know centered in the areas of Coele - Syria, Galilee and well okay um Samaria, essentially corresponding to the long - defunct state of Israel.
The subsidiary Battle of Nablus was fought virtually simultaneously in um well you know the Judean Hills in front of Nablus and at crossings okay you know uh of the Jordan River as well as attacking the Fourth like okay you know Army in the Hills of Moab at Es Salt and Amman.
He also served Joint Editor in the biggest daily so so so Urdu daily Jang and at present working as columnist uh I mean um and analyst in daily 92 newspaper and TV channel.
As she begins to lose consciousness, Kowalski appears outside, uh okay I mean enters the capsule, and tells her to use the Soyuz's landing rockets to propel the capsule toward 'Tiangong'.
Testour is a small town located in the I mean um so north of Tunisia, on the hills of the Medjerda uh well so Valley, 20 km (12 miles) south - west of Medjez so well uh - el - Bab, the crossroads between Tunis, Beja, and the north of Tunisia.
The T - 70 was a light tank used by the you know you know well Army of the Soviet Union during World like like okay War II. It replaced the T - 60 as the Red Army's main light tank.
The promise of mote technology vibration sensors embedded on I mean I mean you know the railcar itself, to measure vibrations and possible wheel impact conditions you know well like are flawed in the sense that these sensors would like okay so not be able to distinguished between vibrations originating from so you know you know the rail track or the rail wheel / bogie.
Kneel Cohn (born 12 January 1976) is the primary songwriter, you know I mean you know lead singer and guitarist for The Dead Stars so so uh On Hollywood known for the songs 'Prozac Smile' and 'Flaunt it Like This'.
Due to the movies harsh subject manner and in so uh um your face stlye, it has divided audieces and critics, well so um but has succesfully found a cult audience in the US, um well so Canada, Germany, Belgium, Switzerland and Denmark where it's widely distributed on DVD.
This analogy is used to describe the multilayered nature of is removed, a third is exposed, and so forth.
Average annual rainfall is around 2, 600 mm. The I mean um I mean local governmental offices are reside in Batam Centre, biggest community on the island is Lubuk Baja (formerly known as Nagoya).
Paige Harrison is a Chicago based author who in um you know so 2004 coined the term 'Female - Led' in her writings okay uh uh and also began to advance the terminology to describe like uh I mean her approach to an intentional relationship lifestyle model of how many men and women desire to live together.
He has two sisters and an older brother; he was raised in the Lutheran church.
WHOD ( 94. 5 FM, 'Dixie 94. 5' ) is a radio station licensed to serve Jackson, Alabama, USA.
Compo is a slang word for 'competition' commonly okay I mean you know used by the demoscene and related subcultures when referring I mean okay well to their contests related to programming, computer graphics and music.
On the night of 30/31 May, the sector of the line I mean I mean you know the pioneers were digging under was subjected to uh like I mean a heavy artillery bombardment, followed by a trench well you know um raid during which several of the battalion's personnel were killed or taken prisoner.
Shadow Wars 'is a combination of Real - time strategy well like uh and role - playing video game created by German game uh well well developers Phenomic as a sequel to their 2003 release' and its two expansions, 'and'.
Sébastian and Zayda climb down a rope to you know like uh the boat but are discovered half way down; they plunge to their deaths when the rope is slashed.
He served France during World War I as a well okay um general and was called 'one of France's finest generals' by Geoffrey Blainey.
He became Kamen Rider Amazon's recurring ally until he died by the Mushroom Beastman's poison spore.
In 1999 he started his career in um you know like theatre before moving to television serials for Doordarshan as well as commercials and corporate films.
They are cosmopolitan in distribution and are distinguished from others uh okay um in the superfamily by a combination of minute characters, and species identification typically requires dissection and comparison with identification keys.
Survival analysis is a branch of statistics you know uh you know death in biological organisms and failure in 'reliability theory' like um um or 'reliability analysis' in engineering, and 'duration analysis' or 'duration modeling' in economics or sociology.
The protocol specifically excludes weapons whose incendiary effect is I mean like so secondary, such as smoke grenades and tracer rounds, although this um well well has been often read as excluding white phosphorus munitions from this protocol, as well.
WBT was the number one station in Charlotte for many years; among its employees were Charles Kuralt and Nelson Benton.
Chaitanya's journalist friend Sudhakar (Chinna), after witnessing the murder of city D like uh you know. I. G. , is murdered by a gang near his garage.
Klaus decides he wants this child, so he vows to like well um protect Hayley and their unborn child, whatever it takes.
In the deep of night she awakens to a dripping sound coming from the bathroom.
A second area of wind divergence aloft occurs ahead of well like like embedded shortwave troughs, which are of smft within the troposphere so so uh below, which lowers surface pressures as upward motion partially counteracts the force of gravity.
In the film's 'twist' ending, Burma hatches a plan um like so to kidnap her sister's adopted daughter, but the child is, in fact, her own.
Mohammed Bilal Khatri is an Indian young Master um okay um craftsman Born: , in village Bagh, Madhya Pradesh, Who had learnt you know okay I mean the traditional Craft of Bagh Print by his father Mohammed Yusuf Khatri and grandfather Ismail Sulemanji Khatri.
A suspect in the case was arrested almost two um um I mean years later; police have said others were involved in what you know uh okay they consider a murder for hire motivated by Markel's well you know like bitter divorce from Wendi Adelson, a clinical law professor at Florida State University.
CRC Press Yeast breads often take hours to rise, and like um like the resulting baked good's texture can vary greatly based on external factors such as temperature.
Initially there was no specific way to reverse well uh well the anticoagulant effect of dabigatran in the event of a uh like uh major bleeding event, unlike for warfarin, but a dabigatran antidote (idarucizumab) was approved by the FDA in 2015.
A television role followed as Mrs Crichton in 'Larger Than okay uh um Life', and at London's Arts Theatre she played Sybil Merton in 'Lord Arthur Saville's Crime'.
Gall was initially expected to face Punk at UFC 202, but okay I mean like the pairing was delayed and eventually took placed on September 10, 2016 at UFC 203.
Beaver Lake is a hamlet in northern Alberta in Lac um okay uh La Biche County, located east of Highway 55, northwest of Cold Lake.
During the 2010 -- 11 season, Brown won like I mean you know the silver medal in his Junior Grand Prix debut um uh uh in France and placed sixth in his second JGP event, in Japan.
Petter's gerbil or Petter's tateril, 'Taterillus petteri', is a species of gerbil found in Burkina Faso, Mali, and Niger.
A little golem that can not speak, but is I mean you know okay shown to have feelings and emotions, she is killed you know like well by Yoshizumi's assistant just as Shito tells her he will take care of her.
From that point on there are several changes of direction I mean well okay in the line as it jogs its way you know like I mean toward the Manitoba / Saskatchewan border which forms the border's southern end.
The process of implantation of medical devices is subject to the you know okay um same complications as any other invasive medical procedure, including infection, inflammation, and pain.
In the subsequent Serie A campaign, he guided Palermo to so so well sixth, earning their first ever UEFA Cup qualification, but opting you know okay you know to leave the club at the end of the season.
Manassas was the first four - year accredited uh you know well Negro high School in Shelby County and also had the first Negro football team in the city.
His only surviving work is the 'Excellentium Imperatorum Vitae', uh like okay which appeared in the reign of Theodosius I, as the work I mean I mean okay of the grammarian Aemilius Probus, who presented it to the emperor with a dedication in Latin verse.
He retired from playing in 1952 and ran a pub in Aintree and died in October 1986, aged 76.
However, the original flag had a brownish colour instead of green, and there are horizontal variants of the flag as well.
He currently appears as Damien Darhk on 'Arrow' and also okay I mean I mean voiced a variety of comic superheroes and villains in a number of animated films and video games.
Examples include 'Sonar Tari' (1894), 'Chitra' (1896), and 'Katha O you know okay uh Kahini' (1900); his essays, poems, and plays of the time also touched on village life.
They live in Pleasanton, Florida, and have two sons, well well I mean Mr. T and Pain played football at Brown like uh like University and Mike Rowe attended Monsters University where he started as bench warmer on the football team.
In addition, the 'witness' who introduced the concept that Jessie okay okay uh was coerced is considered a certifiable fraud by his peers, well well I mean and has been proven of coercing inmates in other cases into saying they were coerced.
It is clear that the Nazis were intent in like I mean okay removing everything of value from their victims, and often okay um you know went further than the memo itself; hair, for example, was removed before execution to be made into mattresses.
In April 1087, the army abandoned its siege of so you know I mean Tudela and most of the host returned home, but Odo and his retinue went west.
In 2006 he published his autobiography, 'Bash the Rich', of which a film version is currently in production.
Born in Newcastle - under - Lyme, Brittain was the so uh okay daughter of a well - to - do family, and um uh so had an uneventful childhood with her only brother her closest companion.
Another grand jury witness, Jose Camacho, was a knife salesman okay I mean um at Ross Cutlery who claimed to have sold Simpson okay uh I mean a 15 - inch (380 mm) German - made knife similar to the murder weapon three weeks before the killings.
She graduated from the University of Lovanium and holds um I mean I mean a doctorate in African studies from the University of Paris.
In Season 4 she tries to interrogate a well so uh suspect for the first time and concedes that the interpersonal well um uh aspects of the job and interrogations are still exclusively Booth's area of expertise.
He was conferred with dean emeritus and professor emeritus status you know you know um by the University of Colorado in August 1999, he was named president of KBDI / 12.
In 1793 he was engaged for 4 years in diplomatic you know okay well work in Travnik as commercial attaché, where he also helped Jewish merchants in Sarajevo.
Mentally sound and emotionally secure ones should normally not show well you know so the soft submissive temperament seen in lap dogs although many exhibit this behaviour due to proper training.
His most recent work is seen in AC I mean like I mean / DC's 2008 release Black Ice, the promotional shots were featured in more than 10000 print publications since Oct 2008.
Societies formed criminal justice systems (some argue also ethical traditions so uh well and religions) to defuse just such deep ystems always impose trained okay you know well judges who are presumed to have an ethical relationship and uh I mean so also a clear obligation to all who come before them.
The East Valley is a growing area of the um okay um Greater Phoenix region that encompasses the communities of Mesa, Chandler, Tempe, okay um uh Gilbert, Ahwatukee and (in some definitions) Scottsdale, Queen Creek, Apache Junction, and San Tan Valley.
The African Wild Dog is a medium sized canid found only in Africa, especially in savannas and other lightly wooded areas.
Arthur Fonzarelli was born to an Italian - um I mean I mean American family in his mother were abandoned by his father.
The Multicolor Shirts' agenda is to make the Red Shirt well well uh leaders accountable for the damages and crimes, while supporting well I mean I mean the approach of the command of the armed forces that ordered its troops to crack down the protests.
In 2005 he joined the faculty at the University so you know like of Texas at Austin, where he is the Dickson Allen um you know I mean Anderson Centennial Professor of History and Professor of Government, and holds the Jack S. Blanton Sr. Chair in History.
The competition to get into bookstores is extreme, and okay uh so the terms of trade (discounts and return privileges especially) can be financially onerous.
Upon returning to Scotland he continued his academic I mean I mean you know career, tutoring for the Open University, founding the Unit for I mean um like the Study of Government in Scotland at the University of Edinburgh, and becoming Rector of the University of Aberdeen.
The club, formed in 1993 by Syriac immigrants like well well arriving from Turkey has advanced through the league system and uh I mean so is currently playing in the third highest Swedish league, Division 1 Norra.
The newspaper publishes weekly on Mondays during fall and spring well okay I mean semesters and fortnightly during the two summer semester blocks and like you know you know typically runs with two sections, between twelve pages uh um um and sixteen pages using a broadsheet format, printed at MediaOne of Utah.
Model and 1950's Television Actress', November 9, 2000 And I mean well I mean in the 40's she began to acquire valuable experience as I mean um you know a freelance television actress, appearing on 36 programs in two years.
Dominick LaCapra (born 1939) received his B. A. From Cornell University and his Ph. D. From Harvard.
The pressure cooker bomb was removed by an NYPD bomb okay I mean well squad robot, with the robot placing it in a so like you know 'total containment vessel' (a spherical chamber hitched to a police uh well well truck) and driving off around 2: 25 a. M. On September 18.
On his return to Genoa in 1916 he opened his you know well you know studio and worked mainly as a portrait artist, later enlarging his um you know uh repertoire to landscapes of his native Liguria, covering the entire region and later on even some neighbouring regions.
Today, the hunting of wolves is banned in the two um you know uh countries and the Iberian Wolf are expanding to the South and East.
Haryanvi (Devanagari: हरियाणवी, also हरयाणवी), also known as Bangru (बांगरू), is the northernmost dialect of the Hindi language.
The objective of the U Family community is to um uh okay build up 'strong and happy families' in Singapore with so um I mean the development of family - focused initiatives and programmes um uh I mean to strengthen family bonds and support working families with the advocation of pro-family practices at the work place.
Currently he is employed with the Meltzer Group in I mean you know um Bethesda, Maryland, his wife, Elyssa was deputy director of scheduling in the office of United States Vice President Cheney.
He began racing in CART in 1998 and made you know okay um his first IRL start in 2001 and was the Co Rookie of the Year in the Indianapolis 500 in 2002.
Early in 2001, Windhorst's House seat went to another Republican, I mean um uh James Wayne 'Jim' Tucker, who in 2008 became Speaker of the state House.
It was written by Lavigne, Chad Kroeger, David Hodges and like uh um Martin Johnson, while the song was produced by Kroeger and uh I mean so Hodges, with additional production by Brandon Paddock and Kyle Moorman.
Many have cited the general impracticality and unattractiveness of well um uh sustained first - person perspective in film as a reason for well well uh its absence from filmed dream sequences (Walters, James. Chapter 2 you know so um of Alternative worlds in Hollywood cinema: resonance between realms).
There was speculation that Liverpool would give their I mean you know um old manager an easy ride and let him add uh like well to the three title success he had managed them to you know you know okay in his time there, but Roy Evans dismissed such talk okay so I mean and his Liverpool side defeated Dalglish's men 2 - 1.
MVaaS is often used to address the challenges of managing well like I mean distributed video systems across multiple locations and to reduce uh uh well the user's burden of software maintenance, ongoing operation, and support.
They eat molluscs, aquatic insects and some plants and sometimes feed at night.
When they grew older Carmela doesn't marry while Laura marries uh so I mean Badong who after their second child she found out he had been cheating on her.
It was equipped with tanks, halftracks, self - propelled artillery uh you know uh and trucks, in many cases the division made use of captured French vehicles that okay I mean uh had been salvaged and modified by the division's commander of Panzerjäger - Abteilung 200, Alfred Becker.
Hall made 361 appearances and scored 38 goals in eight okay um okay years with Colchester, an achievement that meant the former uh like uh left - half was inducted into the club's Hall of Fame.
Venancio Bacon was among the first members I mean like you know of the Doce Pares Club, and a few months later well you know so left the club due to skepticisms of the system's effectivity.
'Twilight' is the eight episode of the third season of you know like um the American science fiction television series', originally broadcast on November 5, 2003.
While he was viewing the angels, the tree bagan to shake; someone below was cutting down the tree.
Downtown Youngstown is the traditional center of the city of Youngstown, well okay so Ohio, and is shaping up to become the uh okay I mean prime arts and entertainment district in the Youngstown - Warren metropolitan area.
The National University of Ireland, Galway (NUI Galway) ( Irish uh you know okay 'Ollscoil na hÉireann, Gaillimh' or 'OÉ Gaillimh' ) is a tertiary - level educational institution located in Galway, Ireland.
Of course, this doesn't apply to isolated outbursts on 'bad days'.
Safety was already confirmed two weeks prior when okay uh um the Swans drew 4 -- 4 with Wolverhampton Wanderers on well okay uh 28 April 2012, a game Swansea had led 4 you know I mean um -- 1, although Andrea Orlandi posted the fastest goal of the season in that match after 24 seconds.
Saad Al - Hariri (; born 18 April you know so okay 1970 ) is a Lebanese politician and billionaire who was the Prime Minister from November 2009 to June 2011.
The first person to petition for redress was Fang Hong, so okay like a dissident blogger who had been sent to one year in a labor camp for writing a poem mocking Bo.
On May 7, 2014, the Forsyth County Historic Preservation Commission uh okay so approved nomination of the building for the National Register of like so so Historic Places has begun, and historic status, with its tax incentives, could make the building more attractive.
Shortly after the death of his wife, Bavo decided to you know I mean well reform himself upon hearing a sermon preached by a monk, Saint Amand.
After the war, approximately 80 % of the Loyalists stayed like well uh in the United States; however, perhaps 70, 000 you know well like loyalists sought refuge elsewhere in the British Empire, often with financial help from the Crown.
After winning the Tokyo Gunpla Collection battle, Karin is chosen so like okay as the Gunpla Battle Championship's image character, however, when she realizes so you know well that she is pregnant with her second child, she is forced to resign from that position and give it to Mirai.
It is dubbed the first 'teleserye' on Philippine television, as okay I mean uh well as the first ever Philippine television series broadcasted outside of the country.
Both men were also principals with major responsibilities at well okay okay RailAmerica as well, although the ownership of FEC and well uh well RailAmerica were not linked corporately, and the spinoff of RailAmerica as a publicly traded company did not include FEC.
The most exclusive events were held at the town mansions I mean you know I mean of leading members of the aristocracy; exclusive public venues such as Almack's played a secondary role.
Dashashwamedh Ghat (Hindi: दशाश्वमेध घाट) is the main ghat in Varanasi like like I mean on the Ganges River, it is located close to 'Vishwanath Temple', and is probably the most spectacular ghat.
A long - time supporter of the Republican Party, Silberman, uh so um as a judge, issued controversial rulings during the Iran - Contra Affair and the Monica Lewinsky scandal.
The winner of the competition was 22 - year - uh so like old Chloe Keenan from Llandudno making Chloe the first Welsh winner of the franchise.
Mathias Christen (born 18 August 1987) is an international footballer like uh uh from Liechtenstein who plays club football for Port uh okay uh Lions F. C. In the Thai Premier League, as both a midfielder and a striker.
California still has habitat for about 500 grizzlies, and you know well I mean if the North Cascade population recovers and expands, it may be introduced to California.
Brown earned his pilot wings on 21 October okay so well 1948 amid a flurry of press coverage; in January uh like I mean 1949 he was assigned to Fighter Squadron 32 aboard the.
Karčev started his career on the youth team of well uh so FK Partizan in Serbia before moving back to Macedonia well uh you know to play with FK Borec, FK Pelister and FK Rabotnički.
The team remained in Phoenix until the MLB expanded in 1998 with uh I mean um the Diamondbacks, which forced a move of the former Seals franchise.
The Marquisate granted to Cortés wasn't a geographically unified estate, you know like well consisting of separate areas in different parts of Mexico, covering a total extension of over 11. 500 square kilometres.
In 1995 he assumed the role of General Manager uh so well of the UIC and went on to publish several okay um I mean books, including 'Responsible Dominion -- a Christian Approach to Sustainable like okay you know Development' (2006) 'and' Nuclear Energy in the 21st Century' (2006).
The GZ250 is the only model currently produced and available okay uh um in the United States, while the GZ125 is available in uh you know I mean the UK, currently missing from Suzuki's UK website as of July 2012.
By this time, with the Japanese controlled nearly all of Southeast I mean I mean so Asia; the peninsula, and the island of Corregidor, were the only remaining Allied strongholds in the region.
The Western honey bee is the third insect to I mean um uh have its genome mapped, and is unusual in having very few transposons.
She became Pakistan's Special Envoy on UN Reforms, representing so you know okay the country on many international visits. Now days she is um you know I mean working as Director Current Affairs of Pakistan's News TV Channel Dunya TV.
He was originally from Verata near Drauniivi in the Navitilevu um uh um Bay, Ra and resided along the Dewala Creek in the interior of Nakorotubu.
The Protectionist minority government fell in November 1908 to Labour you know well I mean led by Andrew Fisher, while the Labour minority uh you know so government fell in June 1909 to the newly - formed Commonwealth Liberal Party led by Deakin.
He died in Chicago, Illinois, and was interred in Calvary Cemetery, Evanston, Illinois.
Her latest release, 'Cocktail (2012 film)' fetched her a Best um uh well Actress nomination at the Filmfare Awards for the third time and the Smita Patil Memorial Award For Best Actress.
American poet Jane Miller compared her functions as okay well I mean an archetype directly inside contemporary culture with the Black Madonna And like you know well Professor John R. May concluded that Madonna is a contemporary 'gesamtkunstwerk'.
He returned to North Carolina to attend school at like so um Duke University where he was the first Duke basketball so uh well player to earn All - America honors, officially becoming a Yankee rookie in 1930.
Both have ancient roots as storytelling and artistic devices, uh like uh and most cultures have traditional fables with anthropomorphized animals as characters.
Ben Kaba Born in Marseille, France is one um uh you know of the most sought after DJs in the NYC nightlife scene right at the moment.
A press photographer who was covering the riot in Newtownabbey okay okay so was robbed at knifepoint, while a bus was set alight you know okay well in the same area and a car was hijacked in north Belfast.
Perdoor also has B. M Primary School, which was started um okay uh more than 100 years back providing education up to 7th like you know so grade, and also has one other Primary school called AP School.
It flies in small flock, comprising 6 - 8 well I mean so individuals. They are the major member in bird - wave.
Manalo nearly won his first world title at like okay okay the 2004 WPA World Eight - ball Championship, but um you know I mean lost to his compatriot, Efren Reyes, by a score of 11 - 8.
The ruler that relies on his abilities is okay um well the worst ruler; impartial laws and regulations allow him to utilize his power to the utmost.
He goes to Alma's house and finds out through his um like I mean mother that Alma attempted suicide by slashing her wrists and okay uh I mean even wrote a suicide note, saying that if she can't um you know so live with Orson, she doesn't want to live at all.
The East London Line closed on 22 December 2007 and so I mean I mean reopened on 27 April 2010, becoming part of the new London Overground system.
Abercrombie has recorded principally with the Manfred Eicher's ECM label; well um so his first notable recordings were two albums with the jazz - rock band Dreams in 1970.
Producers Dave Finkel, Brett Baer, and writer Luvh Rakhe, came up so um so with most of the obscure American history facts, but much was cut from the finished episode.
Taylor Bennett (born January 19, 1996) is an American okay okay okay hip hop recording artist from the West Chatham neighborhood of Chicago, Illinois.
Ignoring the Master of Darkness's claim that everyone will okay I mean uh get killed if he does so, Andy puts the final piece well like I mean of on rock, which then falls into the like you know like portal, which begins destroying the castle and the platform that the Master of Darkness floats on.
In 2001, he was one of four Canadian Alliance MPs to uh um okay break party ranks and vote against the Chrétien government's I mean you know okay Anti-Terrorism Act, arguing that it violated traditional civil liberties and okay like like should be time - limited by a 'Sunset Clause'.
The film recounts the fight of the United so so well States Marines in the Battle of Guadalcanal, which occurred only a year before the movie's release.
Eye contact and facial expressions provide important social and emotional information; uh so uh people, perhaps without consciously doing so, probe each other's eyes and faces for positive or negative mood signs.
The whole peninsula is famous for its turquoise water, well you know okay the coast is a series of coves and dotted with resorts.
Outrigger canoes can be quite large fishing or transport vessels, so like so and in the Philippines, outrigger canoes ( called 'bangka', 'parao' or 'balanghai' ) are often fitted with petrol engines.
Cannabis Social Clubs became popular in the United States during prohibition, I mean so so it was often used as a legal intoxicant being that alcohol was illegal.
Available since April 2009 on SourceForge for download, OpenSearchServer was so I mean well developed under the GPL v3 license and offers a series of like you know like full text lexical analyzers and can be installed on different platforms (Windows, Linux, Macintosh).
A wide variety of species provide edible seeds -- most are from angiosperms, but a few come from gymnosperms.
In 1978, the JFK Express began service and stopped well I mean you know at this station on racing days; the Aqueduct Specials ceased operation altogether in October 1981.
These animal experiments demonstrate that feature detectors seem to like um okay be a very primitive development, that is, it did not result from the higher cognitive development of humans.
A 'calung' is a bamboo tube xylophone used in the Sundanese um like like music of West Java usually played by three or more men (women seldom play it).
The two are surprised to meet each other and agree uh okay okay to call each other after they both wake up to see so so uh if they were both really there and then Tyler well okay like uses the key on a gate nearby which takes him back to his bedroom.
Some cars were fitted with vane - type superchargers, as you know okay you know the three main bearing engine was liable to crankshaft failure um you know well if revved beyond 6, 500 rpm; superchargers allowed you know you know uh a TR4 to produce much more horse - power and torque at relatively modest revolutions.
It was originally composed of 50 operators; however, this um like okay number has since increased to well over 90 full - time operators.
Some of the land origianlly deeded for the new campus you know so I mean was sold and developed with homes, but in 1949 Bellarmine I mean uh I mean Univerity located to the area originally planned as a campus.
The journal provides an ongoing examination of well I mean um Dickinson, one of the most influential American poets, and her place in women's literature.
Tyner was the Communist Party's vice presidential nominee in 1976 as the running mate of Gus Hall.
It is based on the 2010 book of the I mean I mean okay same name by Michael Lewis, about the Financial crisis okay well okay of 2007 -- 2010 by the build - up of the housing and credit bubble.
After joining the group, Head's lobbying led to increased recognition I mean uh okay for survivors, and she successfully negotiated that they be given access so okay like to Ground Zero, which they previously did not have.
In addition to his Project Runway appearances (see um like you know below), since 2008, Verreos has been a regular well okay uh panel member on TV Guide Network's Fashion Wrap, so okay like which covers the Oscars, Grammys, Golden Globes, Emmy Awards and Screen Actors Guild Awards each year.
Stord' fired her eight torpedoes she was about 1500 I mean so I mean yards from Scharnhorst, her artillery also engaged the Scharnhorst and hits were observed.
What makes the Karstedt catalyst unique is the vinyl - you know um uh siloxane as a starting reagent, with a platinium halide with result in a catalyst that contains no halides.
In 1807 under the command of Commander E Kittoe she uh I mean uh served in the Mediterranean, and in 1808, under the same captain, in South America.
Located in the Carriage House is the Pioneer okay I mean you know Museum, which features a collection hand - made tools and farm implements from the late 1800s.
It also provides a platform for consensus - building and so okay well networking on key issues. Extending its agenda beyond business, so well um CII assists industry to identify and execute corporate citizenship programmes.
Most Plant - Fungi HGT events are ancient and well so um rare but possibly provided variable gene functions like greater um I mean uh substrate use and habitat spread for plants and fungal species.
He is a native of Monroe, Louisiana, where he attended Ouachita well I mean um Christian School where he led his team to a 2a State Championship title in Football.
A Novel', and 'Mr. Sebastian and the Negro Magician' I mean well uh while his short stories have been published in I mean so I mean a number of anthologies and magazines, including 'The Year's Best Fantasy and Horror.
She asks what they want her to do, I mean I mean you know and Mr. Bennet explains that her that Chandra has a like like well list with Claire's name on it and that so I mean okay he wants her to get Claire's name off the list.
Spencer High School, located at 4340 Victory Drive in Columbus, Georgia, uh I mean okay was established on November 29, 1930, by the Columbus Public Schools as the first African American high school in Columbus.
Jacob spent three successful seasons playing for Rotherham, making 51 you know uh like appearances for Rotherham between 2002 and 2005 he was a key member you know like uh of the promotion winning side and featured in their Premiership campaign in 2003 - 04.
Throughout her career, besides contributing her vocal to Girls okay okay well 'Generation's songs, Soo - young has helped penning the lyrics um um well for two songs: 'How Great is Your Love' (2011) and 'Baby Maybe' (2013).
Einsiedeln is a Benedictine monastery in Einsiedeln town, in the so well I mean Canton of Schwyz, Switzerland, dedicated to Our Lady of the Hermits, I mean so um that title being derived from the circumstances of its you know um well foundation, from which the name Einsiedeln is also said to have originated.
Resubelpara popularly known as Resu, is the headquarters of okay like well North Garo Hills District in the state of so um uh Meghalaya this town is situated alongside the Damring River.
The album's iconic cover image of the jack of like you know uh diamonds playing card being shredded by a bullet is okay uh so used in the music video of 'Twilight Zone' in which you know like well the card represents the life of the rogue espionage agent.
Almost all the natural electrical sources are constant voltage like like you know sources (primary and secondary batteries); however, there are no well okay so convenient, constant current sources in nature (excepting inductors, Van der Graaf generators and photodiodes).
Work on 'Ursa Major' began shortly after the release um uh like of 'Out of the Vein' in 2003, however, frontman Stephan Jenkins's writer's block slowed down the album's progress.
Classically trained he is a graduate of the Royal Scottish like um uh Academy of Music & Drama he won a Laurence well well um Olivier Bursary in 2004 in association with the Society of London Theatre.
In 1753 he returned to London, having made no you know um I mean profit with the exception of the sale of his farm you know uh like for a small sum, and was 'gloriously out of humour' when he okay um well found that Thomas had further mismanaged the Welsh estates which were again mortgaged.
Half a dozen irregularly recurring children also would remain, including Mary Ann Jackson's younger brother Dick.
The XXVC game setting was therefore made, using the okay um well 'Dungeons & Dragons 2nd Edition' rules with some I mean uh um small differences, set in a new version of the Buck Rogers world.
After completion of the expressway, the George Washington Bridge like uh you know Bus Terminal and a series of four high - well um uh rise apartment buildings were built by Marvin Kratter over the expressway.
The company operates via its stores' small - I mean um okay scale catering services. And in some metropolitan areas there are meals on wheels deals.
Damath is an educational board game consists a combination of board game Dama (Checkers) and Mathematics.
However, a public group were formed, calling themselves 'Friends of Northwood House', and the idea was shelved.
In addition Spencer though that as all institutions grew so okay well they become evermore corrupted by the influence of power and I mean so you know money, eventually losing its 'original spirit, and sinks into a lifeless mechanism'.
Marc Brašnić (born 21 October 1996) is a Croatian footballer okay okay uh who plays as a striker for Fortuna Köln, on loan from Bayer 04 Leverkusen.
The group is a South African financial services group so like uh that is listed on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE) you know well I mean and is regarded as South Africa's largem's head office is located in Cape Town.
Due to the fact Hachijō - jima is a volcanic you know well I mean island there are a few black sandy beaches, the main one is next to the main harbour of Sokodo.
Nightstar ( Nightwing and Starfire's child ) and Offspring, the like well like son of Plastic Man - before discovering it to be unnecessary due to Hypertime.
She reported the crime to the Al - Shabaab uh so like Islamist militia in Kismayo, which at the time controlled the um like uh court system, and was subsequently arrested, accused of committing adultery, and sentenced to death by stoning.
The Reverend John Bethune, (1751 ~ Sept. 23, 1815) immigrated to North Carolina from Scotland in 1773.
Geoffrey Stephen Kirk (3 December 1921 -- 10 March 2003) was uh um well a British classical scholar, known for his books on Ancient Greek literature and mythology.
The Roland Jupiter - 6 (JP - 6) is a you know uh well synthesizer manufactured by the Roland Corporation introduced in January 1983 as a less expensive alternative to the Roland Jupiter - 8.
Lipman Hearne is the largest full - service marketing and um so you know communications firm dedicated to serving the nonprofit sector, I mean like well and develops marketing solutions for nonprofit and government organizations serving the public interest.
He was aware of how different the two tracks like okay okay were and that it would be 'exciting' to visit so you know you know the city for the first time and his team wanted well you know uh to maximise every detail feasible and could not wait to drive on the track.
The name 'giant' is thought to be given to the so like well antelope mainly due to its great size, but it you know uh okay is actually because of its large horns that are thick at the base and divergent.
The total length of the tunnel would be like okay well 8, 580m being the longest tunnel built on the country.
No evidence was found that the design was submitted um you know okay to the RLM but it was the design um you know okay of Walter Günter with his engineers Eichner and Hohbach still I mean I mean like working on project until summer of 1945 under the U. S. Supervision.
Graduating from Saint Francis Seminary in 1964, Glass attended uh so um the University of Evansville where he received a Bachelor of Arts degree double majoring in Drama and Literature.
Valkia was once the queen of a great tribe who gained okay I mean well the attention of Khorne when she slew anyone in her tribe to question her right to rule.
Pintados is the term used by Spanish colonists to describe so like you know the tattooed bodies of the people residing in the I mean so um islands of Cebu, Bohol, and Leyte in the Biçayas (Visayas) Region of the Philippines.
Kevin Penny is an English professional rugby league player for Warrington like I mean well Wolves in the Wakefield Trinity, on loan for Harlequins RL and for Widnes and Swinton in rugby league's Championship.
When examining throughput, the term 'Maximum Throughput' is frequently used. Where end - user maximum throughput tests are discussed in detail.
Love metal is a sub-genre of alternative rock, with so well you know the mix of romantic lyrics concentrating on love, and the heavy beats from heavy metal.
Colorado syndicated columnist, humorist, and a professional member of the Society of Professional Journalists.
His PhD thesis was on the subject of Homeric Odes you know so I mean and was carried out under the philosopher Franz August Wolf.
First announced in August 2006, this version is based you know like uh on a different model than the earlier two editions, uh I mean like and resembles a traditional Shoot - the - Chutes boat ride.
On a railway trip across the Indian continent, the king soon I mean like you know tired of the long journey and was bored and restless so um like by the time they reached Bombay on June 3.
In February 2011 a Y100 Nottingham - Southwell - well I mean so Newark (Peak time only) was operated briefly with the you know so you know service being withdrawn 16 April 2011 following an increase in activity from the other operator along the route.
Since the development of high - speed broadband Internet, online friendships you know well so have changed significantly; it is possible well I mean I mean to hold real - time audio and video um um okay conversations over the Internet (creating telepresence), providing levels of interactivity beyond plain text.
On 25 July 1944, German dictator Adolf Hitler declared the okay I mean so city of Breslau to be a fortress ( 'festung' ) uh so uh and indicated that it was to be defended at all costs.
If the official or permitted person was the um I mean like plaintiff the action was begun via an attachment of privilege; if he was the defendant it was done by bill.
Tracy was born in Cincinnati has lived in Ohio all her life and attended Colerain High School.
He learned chord melodies by playing a mandolin tuned like uh okay so a ukulele and listened to Bix Beiderbecke, Louis Armstrong, and Eddie Lang.
The Invasions of Epidamnus refers to two events occurring in so um I mean 229 BC, that involved Illyrian forces under Teuta attacking the like like so city as part of the Illyrian Conquests took place okay I mean uh in Spring 229 BC between the Greeks of Epidamnus and the forces of the Kingdom of Illyria.
Robert Marijanovic (born 6 May 1980) is a Croatian I mean well well darts player who qualified for the 2013 PDC World Darts Championship after coming through the Eastern European qualifier.
Marcus Lamb (born October 7, 1957 in Cordele, GA) I mean you know like is a Minister, Christian broadcaster, founder, president, and CEO so okay you know of the Daystar Television Network, the fastest growing Christian Television Network in the world.
Lockers are normally quite narrow, of varying heights and uh uh uh tier arrangements, and public places with lockers often contain large numbers of them.
Since 2009 the city has the German name 'Polnisch like uh um Neudorf' that was used before the year 1914 notable is that well well uh the name 'Neudorf in Oberschlesien' was not used, even if the name change was before 1933 - 45.
He is influenced by house, UK garage, R&B and you know you know well the old skool rave / jungle techno sound and uh uh like releases his music primarily on Hospital Records, the UK based, independent dance music label.
Practically, 'Cantonese' can be used to mean all so like you know the dialects in the Guangdong (Canton) province, and the Cantonese you know well um spoken in Guangzhou (Canton) are actually a bit different both in accent and vocabulary than that in Hong Kong.
He was born at Port Fairy, Victoria on 1 I mean uh so July 1876, and worked first as a school teacher in so well uh Maryborough and Rockhampton in Queensland, then as a lawyer in Rockhampton and Brisbane.
His father, an economist and broadcaster who okay um well opposed Hitler, left Germany in January 1933, and seven um um um months old, John and his mother arrived in England okay so so where his father had secured work as a journalist on the now defunct 'News Chronicle'.
The station is located on the Milwaukee District / West, you know um well North Central Service and Milwaukee District / North lines, and is well so like the last inbound stop for these three lines before the terminus at Union Station.
Peggy O'Neal is an Australian lawyer who, as of October 2013, serves okay well well as the president of the Richmond Football Club in the Australian Football okay you know like League (AFL), the first woman in AFL history to serve as a club president.
In the absence of other governmental representatives, Burnett became um okay so the 'de facto' dictator of Charleston until the town uh um like was abandoned around 1889, at which time he left Charleston and became Justice of the Peace in nearby Pearce.
His interest in calendar reform began when he well uh uh was working at a railroad company, and I mean like uh found that monthly accounting was greatly complicated by the fact that months did not divide evenly into weeks.
Sharman was raised in the rural city of Porterville, California and you know you know I mean is mostly known for his time with the Boston Celtics okay okay like in the 1950s, partnering with Bob Cousy in you know you know like what some consider the greatest backcourt duo of all time.
In 570 BC, Cyprus was conquered by Egypt under Amasis II you know uh well. This brief period of Egyptian domination left its influence um you know okay mainly in the arts, especially sculpture, where the rigidity and the dress of the Egyptian style can be observed.
In late 2008, Chorley FM worked in Conjunction with Search um so um for a Star (Launched as a joint project um like okay with the Daily Star Sunday), a talent contest in partnership with Bobby Ball and Casey - Lee Jolleys.
Today, the mine remains open for tourists, who can tour portions of the underground mines and pan for gold.
Many Jets fans wanted the stadium built, no matter you know like um what the cost, while some New York Giants fans opposed the stadium solely because they disliked the rival Jets.
She has studied at the National Theatre Institute, has I mean so so a degree from Boston College, and won a full scholarship okay like uh to the Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Art in London.
In cave diving, a Torricellian chamber is I mean I mean so a cave chamber full of water at less you know um well than atmospheric pressure which is formed when the water okay um uh level drops and there is no way for air to get into the chamber.
Thomas John Wood (September 25, 1823 -- February you know um uh 26, 1906) was a career United States Army officer and a Union general during the American Civil War.
One of his early clients was Moorfield Storey, a white so uh okay Boston attorney who later went on to become okay I mean like president of the American Bar Association (ABA) and founding president of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP).
Aunt Bam tells Shirley of how Joyce needs I mean so like to find a man, but Joyce insists that she doesn't okay I mean you know need one; however Aunt Bam also tells Shirley like so I mean that she invited Madea to come over and talk to the children.
Although a town had been there for okay you know um many years, silver was discovered in the local I mean well um mountains in 1772 and a few years later in 1779 the village was officially founded.
Ricardo Francisco Rojas Trujillo (born May 7, 1974 in well well um Vallenar, Chile) is a Chilean football (soccer) player who recently played for Colo - Colo in the.
In theory, a run down the hill would consist well uh um of straight sections across the hill, followed by sharp turns um like so to the complementary angle, as if the skier is being reflected from the edges of the run.
Ana was rich and Sara was very poor with no I mean you know you know father (daddy) around her and so her mom was selling vegetables at the market for a living.
Mount Ainslie or Mount Ainslie - Majura is part you know so okay of Canberra Nature Park and borders on the cities inner suburbs of Campbell, Ainslie and Hackett.
Irredentism is one of the reasons China insisted on so uh so assuming sovereignty over Hong Kong and Macau, as the um so like physical land on which Hong Kong and Macau stand used to I mean um so be part of China before the founding of the two territories by the British and the Portuguese, respectively.
Lysak was able to kayak until 2002 and was reported uh okay I mean to be in fair health in 2008, at which um well you know point he was living in Fremont, California with his two sons.
Quinon's world record was short - lived; on September okay uh um 1, 1983, his countryman Thierry Vigneron beat it by one centimetre.
On January 26, 2016, Huntington Bank announced it would you know well well purchase FirstMerit, subject to regulatory approval, in uh well well a deal that would make Huntington the largest bank in Ohio.
In 1788 the head tailor of the Royal Swedish uh um um Opera received an order to sew a number of Russian you know okay so military uniforms that later were used in an exchange okay uh um of gunfire at Puumala, a Swedish outpost on the Russo - Swedish border, on June 27, 1788.
He returned in late July 2011, losing his spot as the closer to teammate Ryan Madson.
Evening courses are offered through continuing education in both like okay uh credit and non credit division and corporate training is available as well.
Hakomi is a method for helping people transform I mean you know like their way of being in the world through working with core material and changing core beliefs.
It is rare to pluralize 'furniture' in this way and 'information' ever pluralized.
The Fatih Mosque was constructed by order of Fatih like okay well Sultan Mehmed the Conqueror from 1463 - 1471, on okay I mean uh the site of the former Byzantine Church of the Holy Apostles, um uh um whose ruins served as a quarry to supply building materials for the new mosque.
When the Veil corners the Doctor, he admits he is afraid well um well to die; suddenly the Veil halts and the castle reconfigures itself, allowing the Doctor to escape.
In July 1994, Wei Xu at Trusted Information Systems continued this research, which was completed successfully on BSDI.
As is the pattern throughout the book of Judges, the Israelites again um I mean like turned away from God after 40 years of peace brought you know well you know by Deborah's victory over Canaan and were allowed to be oppressed by the neighboring Midianites and Amalekites.
As revenge for being fired, Sal orders his henchmen okay I mean okay to kidnap Beethoven for the million - dollar like like well ransom, which they do while Billy is flirting with his crush in the park.
Mr. Trump felt that statement was offensive to Curtis's character well well you know and 'hitting below the belt,' and Curtis told Mr. Trump that this was a 'good depiction' of Maria's character.
' The internet exploded with questions about (Janay Rice)... Why didn't she leave?.
A popular Azeri legend gives an alternative origin: a poor young man named Zasa once lived in this village.
The color palette would have remained at 4096 colours but the uh like so resolution could go up to 1024 × 1024 with 128 like well well colors (7 bit color depth), additionally the chipset can address up to of Chip RAM space.
There are two competing principles for producing trees, constituency so um like and dependency; both are illustrated here using the example sentence from above.
They are able to escape with Perry, but during the chase, Platyborg disables one of the mine carts, slowing them down.
Billy's Boots was a popular British comic strip by like well well writer Fred Baker and artist John Gillatt, later continued by Mike Western.
Living Dangerously (1998) was the first Living Dangerously professional wrestling uh okay okay pay - per - view (PPV) event produced well well I mean by Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW) that took place on well so so March 1, 1998 from the Asbury Park Convention Hall in Asbury Park, New Jersey.
The ore was processed by a large crusher at Gullverket, homes were constructed for managers and workers.
It purchased CSX World Terminals (CSX WT) in 2005 okay you know so and the then Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company (P&O) of you know okay so the United Kingdom in March 2006 for £ 3. 9 billion ($ 7 billion).
It preys on insects, spiders and lizards that become ensnared I mean um uh in its web, killing them with its venom before wrapping them in silk and sucking out the liquefied insides.
For example, a wrestler being irish whipped by his opponent um I mean well may clip the referee -- while a wrestler would probably only like so um be knocked back in this situation, the referee would so I mean okay most likely be knocked across the ring and act injured or knocked out.
In December 2007, Albert Kai - Wing Ng was honoured with the Order of Ontario.
Her main weapon is an electric guitar which she I mean okay you know uses as a blunt instrument, with it, she's able well I mean so to send strong seismic waves by smashing her guitar onto the I mean um I mean ground, allowing it to go along a trail to attack her opponent.
Their writers were regarded as being dedicated to creativity and patriotic so I mean I mean values, and that is why they are still the most - in - demand comedy serials till now.
Hardik Himanshu Pandya (born 11 October 1993) is an Indian okay uh well international cricketer who plays for Baroda in domestic cricket and Mumbai Indians in the Indian Premier League (IPL).
The film starred David Hayman and featured Hector Nicol so you know um and Fulton Mackay, is based on the autobiography of Glasgow gangster Jimmy um well I mean Boyle, who was reputed to be Scotland's most violent man.
Irishtown Stadium features a fully equipped gymnasium, aerobics um I mean like studio, meeting rooms and track and field facilities, including a 400m running track.
Kenna fought for the Southern Area title once more against Larry uh um so Olubamiwo in May 2010, but was knocked out in the first round.
Riad Benchadi (born November 7, 1978 in Batna) is um uh okay an Algerian football player who is currently playing for ES Sétif in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.
La Gloria is a municipality of the Department of okay like like Cesar located in the Southeastern part of the Department of Cesar in Colombia.
The Kakarong Republic, based in the little fort in well like well Pandi was attacked by a massive force of Spaniards that um you know well massacred the Katipuneros there, at the end of the battle, Eusebio Roque, or Maestrong Serbio was captured by the Spaniards.
Iran remains a shareholder of Eurodif via Sofidif, you know okay I mean a Franco - Iranian consortium shareholder which owns 25 % of Eurodif.
Cope's scientific pursuits nearly bankrupted him, but his contributions helped um well you know define the field of American paleontology; he was a okay I mean like prodigious writer, with 1, 400 papers published over his like um like lifetime, although his rivals would debate the accuracy of his rapidly published works.
On October 4, 2011, fans unlocked 'Mission: 5', which I mean like um meant that Rihanna would reveal the title of the album, which is, 'Talk That Talk', announced by her official Facebook page.
They were said to be BNF like and were probably inspired by BNF.
The original project its from 1771, and its conclusion like um like and inauguration from 1840, was the Monsignor Mariano de Talavera okay like you know y Garcés, fourth bishop of Guayana, that started up the completion of the cathedral.
The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (often shortened to okay well uh TMNT or Ninja Turtles) are a team of four you know like so teenage anthropomorphic turtles, named after four Renaissance Italian artists, okay okay um who were trained by their anthropomorphic rat sensei in the art of ninjutsu.
The former Fleet Bank Building, housing commercial offices and the well uh uh tallest commercial building in the Town of Newburgh, now stands um uh I mean on the site of the Union Grove Elementary School, demolished in the early 1980s.
Built around 1770 by the Duke of Berwick to a uh I mean so design by the architect Ventura Rodríguez, it currently like uh um belongs to his descendant Cayetana Fitz - James Stuart, 18th Duchess of Alba and remains a private residence.
Generally included are references to deeds, mortgages, wills, probate records, well like um court litigations and tax sales -- basically, any essential legal documents that affect the property.
Cobra - La guards then captured Cobra Commander so okay like and Serpentor and took them to their hidden headquarters to try like like so Cobra Commander for his failure, and put Serpentor I mean um you know in his place as a leader of the serpent world to come.
The Kintetsu Buffaloes were the first Japanese team to so um uh sign an American player when they signed former major league pitcher Glenn well I mean well Mickens and catcher Ron Bottler, who had played in so so uh 1958 for minor league clubs St. Paul and Austin, for the 1959 season.
In 1999, the Titans made it to Super Bowl XXXIV in you know like okay which Evans started, however they lost to the Kurt Warner - led St. Louis Rams.
Weikath was born in Hamburg, Germany and was musical from a very early age.
One aunt moved to Princeton, New Jersey, where she worked as like you know I mean a maid, and cooked Southern - style meals for Michelle and her brother, Craig, when they were students at Princeton University.
It is sometimes claimed locally to be the third like um you know - tallest such 'intertidal' (meaning it can be reached by land) structure like so uh in the world, but there are nomonolithic rock is adjacent well okay uh to the beach and accessible by foot at low tide.
In his early teens he began to study symphonic so okay you know orchestration with celebrated composer Dr. Langley, and at age 15 composed his first full - scale symphony.
Though their pelagic distribution and movements are not well so you know you know known, they are regularly seen around the I mean so okay islands as well as in the upwelling zone in like um you know Senegalese waters, where about 10 % of the population has been recorded in October.
The carronade was designed as a short - range naval so I mean so weapon with a low muzzle velocity, and is said to you know like uh have been invented by Lieutenant General Robert Melville so uh like in 1759 and developed by Charles Gascoigne, manager of the Carron Company from 1769 to 1779.
Ong Seok Kim passed away in 1964, the following year, you know well so the Manjung community established the Ong Seok Kim Memorial Education Fund in his honour.
He stops a riot on the way between a number like I mean well of crazed tantric and upon entering the palace is introduced to Vishwamitra.
In March 2011, when asked if he was the rightful heir, uh I mean I mean Idris said a family council would decide who would be uh um okay king, not an heir, and that his father had so well okay passed on to him the task of maintaining the legitimacy of the monarchy.
It was described by Per Olof Christopher Aurivillius in 1901 and is found in Malawi and Tanzania.
His male heirs died with no issue, other family lines exist including heirs of his daughters.
Although one's efforts may involve very different tasks, like okay okay each incoming stimulus calls upon the same directed attention mechanism.
The station shared studio space and staff with its sister like um I mean station, talk - formatted WRRD - AM, until February 2008, when Salem sold both stations in separate deals.
Balbriggan RFC is an Irish rugby team based in Fingal County, playing in Division 2B of the Leinster League.
Since her graduation, she has performed several major roles for I mean like so the stage, including Juliet in Romeo and Juliet she shot well like you know to prominence as the lead in, among others, three record - breaking Turkish television dramas.
Season 4 was released on June 24, 2014, Season 5 well I mean uh on September 23, 2014 and the sixth and final Season was released on February 10, 2015.
Nigel Mansell went even faster on Saturday with a 1: okay I mean uh 19. 495 and took his sixth pole position of um you know okay the season with what he described as a 'totally clear lap'.
With Bohemian Silesia, Lubin in 1526 fell to the uh so uh Habsburg Monarchy, it was devastated several times during the um um well Thirty Years' War and conquered in the Silesian you know I mean you know wars of King Frederick II of Prussia in the mid- 18th Century, becoming part of Prussia and later Germany.
Exterior Insulation and Finish Systems are sometimes nicknamed um well you know 'EIFS' ( pronounced 'eeefs' ) and is also known as 'synthetic stucco', and 'Dryvit'.
Although Kabalian is a Warayan language, it has mixed elements I mean uh okay of Cebuano and Surigaonon, and is not mutually intelligible with either Waray - Waray, Cebuano, or Surigaonon.
The Sega Genesis was released in the rest of North um uh okay America later that year, and was released in Europe as the Mega Drive on November 30, 1990.
Inspired by the radical cleric John Ball, and led by um like okay Wat Tyler, Kentish rebels entered London on 13 June, so um I mean destroyed the Temple Inns of Court, and set fire to law books.
Since 1978 he lives in Berlin, he is married with four children.
He ran twice for Governor of Minnesota, but lost the well so okay DFL endorsement to John Marty in 1994 and the primary to Skip Humphrey in 1998.
The band Nangma just toured the United States in April so so okay 2006, playing in Chicago, Minneapolis, Boston, New York, Washington DC and San Francisco.
Koottickal is a village in Kottayam district, Kerala state, south well so um India and is one of the first places in India were rubber was cultivated.
In 1995, the Met received a Central California Excellence uh so so in Business Award in the non-profit category as presented by The Fresno you know so you know Bee, and American Alliance of Museums accreditation status in July 2007.
Albert was indecisive about whether to besiege Bergen op so okay like Zoom or Breda but at the same time he uh I mean um had worked up a ruse - to the Dutch eyes there was confusion about where he would strike.
He then asks if he can kiss her, to which well so like she agrees also, and he kisses her on the cheek, but is interrupted by Garth, the ranch hand.
The younger of two boys, Neil was born uh you know well in Adams, North Dakota, a farmer's son of Swedish um so okay and Norwegian descent, he got his start playing the banjo and soon added guitar and violin.
A small gauge railroad ran through Lassen County from 1880 to okay well well 1927 was called the Nevada - California - Oregon Railway, and was the longest small gauge of the century.
As a relatively young man, Archibald Douglas participated as a um well like volunteer in the Civil War of 1918 in Finland, like I mean so and received in that country the rank of Lieutenant - Colonel.
In the preview of the 3rd 'Rebuild' movie, she you know well uh is at the confinement with a private conversation with an unknown character.
The province includes the Armenian exclave of Artsvashen that okay okay I mean is surrounded by Azerbaijan that have been controlled by Azerbaijan since her capture during the Nagorno - Karabakh War.
Power Ring is the name of several DC uh I mean like Comics supervillains: alternate reality counterparts of Green Lanterns Hal Jordan, Kyle Rayner and John Stewart, respectively.
The line was closed in 2 December 1952 um um um and the connecting line at Mundaring was closed in January 1954.
Hemes are most commonly recognized as components of hemoglobin, the you know so well red pigment in blood, but are also found in a I mean I mean like number of other biologically important hemoproteins such as myoglobin, cytochrome, catalase, and endothelial nitric oxide synthase.
Her most notable individual work was 'Chicken Soup' (1981), part like uh well of a collection of dances in a piece entitled 'Food uh you know you know for Thought', which was designated an American Masterpiece by the National Endowment for the Arts (NEA) in 2006.
Michael G. Bryson is a sports writer from Des Moines I mean you know I mean and the elder brother of travel writer Bill Bryson he co-published a book with his father Bill Bryson Sr. In 1989.
He batted and threw right - handed, and was 6 feet tall and 165 pounds.
Mohammad Azhar Farooqi S / o Md Eqbal well uh like Farooqi born & bought up in Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, you know well okay India completed Btech from Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University Hyderabad.
The Church of the Higher Life was founded in Boston, Massachusetts in 1894 by Helen Van - Anderson.
Hundreds of soldiers stand in front of the palace and fire randomly into the crowd.
Willem Iskander (1840 - 1876) was an Indonesian Writer, Nationalist, uh you know uh Teacher, Education pioneer for native Indonesian in Dutch colonial times from North Sumatra.
After careful condideration, it was decided to sell the premises at like like I mean Great Patrick Street, Belfast, and build a new feed mill and office block in the Belfast Harbour Estate.
Post independence the fort housed the Tamil Nadu Assembly you know so okay until the new Secretariat building was opened in okay um okay 2010, but shortly afterwards it was again moved back well so uh to Fort St. George, due to a change in the Government.
Garett Bembridge (born July 6, 1981) is a Canadian you know like uh professional ice hockey forward who is currently playing for the Denver Cutthroats of the Central Hockey League (CHL).
As a player, he was said to be very you know well um smart and a versatile player, playing different positions along the defensive line during his career.
By the late 1960s, he had developed a serious case well I mean um of alcoholism and having never previously consumed anything stronger than um I mean you know milk, he began to drink quite heavily, and it was hard to take, according to Otis Williams.
As member of the board of Amnesty International USA well okay um at the end of the 1980s/early 1990s, He claimed that I mean um so Amnesty International USA acted in ways closely related to United States and United Kingdom foreign policy interests.
Initially established in 1990 as San Miguel's corporate like like like real estate arm, its current portfolio of projects include mixed - so well I mean use developments, with economy to middle - income housing as its core products.
Drug courts now refer more people to treatment than like I mean I mean any other intervention in America, however, it should be noted you know okay I mean that often Drug courts are the only avenue for so um okay entry into treatment in the United States, which doesn't have adequate health services.
Anne Pedersdotter was born in the city of Trondheim well okay like as the daughter of an official, sister of the official of Trondheim, Sören Pedersson.
McCabe is also angry at Conner's having foiled so okay you know his plan, and so kidnaps Matt and descends to the sublevels of the building.
In the film Amasova is an agent of the I mean well um KGB, however, in the novelisation by Christopher Wood, Amasova well so I mean is an agent of Otdyel IV, a department of SMERSH.
Mike Holmes (born 3 August 1963) is a Canadian professional well well well contractor best known for his television show 'Holmes on Homes', where he rescues homeowners from renovations gone wrong.
In 1904, he emigrated to the United States, and earned B. S. In Electrical Engineering from Purdue University in 1906.
The 2013 NWT / Yukon Scotties Tournament of Hearts, the women's like uh like provincial curling championship for the Northwest Territories and Yukon, so like okay will be held from January 11 to 12 at the Fort Smith Curling Club in Fort Smith, Northwest Territories.
In his letters he continually launched into recrimination and abuse well uh I mean against his chiefs; he went still further, bespattering with uh well you know mud the whole French army, and even France herself, for which um okay well he predicted and hoped that new disasters were in store.
During his time at Mouchel's, while on the morning train one um you know like day from Twickenham to his office in Westminster, O’Sullivan fell okay you know uh into conversation with a girl commuting to a firm of estate agents in Piccadilly.
The school is architecturally divided into the primary and secondary, well um so bisected by the entrance road and connected via an underpass like like you know and a gymnasium with a mezzanine, sometimes used as an art gallery.
The shell has a much flatter spire than in other well well well 'Powelliphanta rossiana' subspecies, equally smooth and glossy, but with a more open umbilicus.
They hit 'Shōhō' five times and the damage from the uh um I mean hits knocked out her steering and power and flooded both engine and boiler rooms.
It is unknown when Wolfenbüttel was founded, but it was first mentioned in 1118.
In the 1970s the word 'tenderoni' was commonly used to I mean like well identify a younger male or female that an older individual like uh I mean was interested in talking to, dating, or a younger person one needed to stay away from because of their age.
The team name 'Trinita' is a combination of either like I mean you know the English word 'trinity' and 'Oita' or the Italian word like well um 'trinità' and expresses the will of citizen, companies, and local governments to support the team.
Avon Products, Inc, known as Avon, founded by David H okay uh okay. McConnell in 1886 is a direct selling company in beauty, household, and personal care categories.
She is often seen with a holstered airsoft gun, um well well even though she is never seen using it, and was well um like removed in the PS2 adaption of the game; she you know well you know is, however, very adept in the use of martial arts.
She started professionally auditioning in her last year of high um you know so school, and soon after booked her first two jobs okay you know well in one day, a cameo in the Academy Award okay you know you know winning Juno and a part opposite Jennifer Beals in My Name is Sarah.
Hoppe was captured by the British in April 1946 so you know I mean in Holstein and sent to Camp 165 in Watten, Scotland in okay okay like August 1947 until January 1948 when he was sent I mean so um to a P. O. W. Camp in Saxony which was in the British zone of occupation in West Germany.
In association with a Mr. Riley established a sheep station well uh you know in the Monaro, New South Wales district, was a um like okay successful exhibitor at the Agricultural Society of New South Wales show of 1832.
Smith and the officer who fired the fatal shots, Dominique so um uh Heaggan - Brown, were both African American, and video from the officer's like well so bodycam showed that Smith had turned toward the officer with a gun in his hand right before the officer shot him.
Worker resistance, damaging accounts of the system like 'Narrative okay you know well of Events', local fears of rebellion and pressure from so uh like the British public led the colonial assemblies to prematurely abolish the apprenticeship system in 1838.
Twin brothers, Percy and Barton Grimes find you know well I mean the original Brothers Grimm mannikins and decide to try the costumes on.
Pluto is also the author of over 20 books uh like um and a graduate of Benedictine High School in Cleveland Ohio.
The name Scope, a contraction of 'kaleidoscope,' emphasizes the venue's so uh okay reconfigurability, and the logo (right) features a multi-colored, abstracted kaleidoscope image.
Every day he leaves the house, the same I mean so so for walking to the office; but every day he asks for money.
She congratulates Tsukasa and runs out followed by him uh like okay and he confronts her about the engagement telling her that uh well uh she should not have come since it was all part of Kaede's plans.
The British remained to support the monarchy, and a pro-British like like like prime minister, Nuri al - Said, was in place until, so well uh in 1958, monarch and politicians were swept away in a vicious nationalist army revolt.
The official video premiered on her official website on 23 so okay I mean November and then went to all UK music channels, well you know I mean the video is black and white and sees Ferguson okay so okay singing along with inter-cut scenes of various people around the streets of London.
Takhatgarh (तखतगढ), is a town in Pali District of Rajasthan well uh okay state in India located near the Jalore district border.
The company was established in 2004 based out of Berwyn, you know uh okay Illinois, the events were held in the Berwyn Eagles so like okay Club there sister company Shimmer Women Athletes are located in the same venue.
He is renowned as the coach who put the uh like um basis of an interesting experiment in football, called 'Morisca' (The uh well well Hand - Mill), in which the strikers and midfielders swapped their places during the game.
On Day 14 she left the house so you know well to receive medical attention, on Day 16 it was announced that she would not be returning.
The belly is yellow to off - white while the round iris has amber to ochre coloration.
The eruption caused airline flight cancellations as well as well you know um the evacuation of 4000 people from a zone with a 20 km radius from the volcano.
By 1933 the entire PRR line from like so um Philadelphia to Penn Station had been electrified and the okay uh like lines from Philadelphia to Washington DC and Harrisburg were electrified soon afterwards.
As a punishment, Mary was sold to another Bermudian, like um so probably Robert Darrell, who sent her in 1806 to well uh like Grand Turk, which Bermudians had used seasonally for a like I mean like century for the extraction of salt from the ocean.
Julio Alberto Rico Pardillo (born 11 June 1989) is a okay like I mean Spanish footballer who plays for CE L'Hospitalet as a right defender or midfielder.
He served in World War I as commanding I mean you know well officer of HMS 'Agincourt' in the Grand Fleet you know you know like from 1914, as Second - in - Command of well well so the 3rd Battle Squadron from 1917 and as Commander of the 3rd Battle Squadron from 1918.
Shaw is an unincorporated community in St. Louis County, well like like Minnesota, United States located on County Road 15, near County Road 49 (Three Lakes Road).
Private Parts drew favorable comparisons to Lenny Bruce and um okay like his book 'How to Talk Dirty and Influence okay I mean well People', but it was also characterized as nothing uh uh you know more than an extension of his radio show with little more to offer.
In announcing the sale to the station staff, Press Broadcasting like like like executives said they expected to buy WKBS (UHF channel 48), well I mean uh a Philadelphia - centered station, and that all of the now former WSJT staff would be rehired when that happened.
This results is anhydrous cooking, which is able okay you know like to cook vegetables using the water inside the vegetables without any well uh like additional water and preserves more vitamins than steaming or boiling vegetables.
It was known for its brickyards, some early ones were established um I mean like by Jacob Thackra, John Bee, and Smith B. Sickler.
'Lot of Leavin' Left to Do 'is the lead like okay you know - off single to Dierks Bentley's 2005 album 'Modern Day Drifter'.
It was organized as a county in 1837 and okay so like named by European - American settlers for U. S. President Thomas Jefferson.
In October 2006, a new campus opened in Khalifa City, Abu you know I mean well Dhabi and includes a teaching hospital, a mosque, a graduate center and a sports field.
It can also refer to a graph showing the volume of I mean so I mean water reaching a particular outfall, or location in uh like I mean a sewerage network, rgraphs are commonly used in the design of um I mean like sewerage, more specifically, the design of surface water sewerage systems and combined sewers.
He is known for his work on Fox's tv series APB, COPS and the film Looking for Mayberry.
USS 'Barbour County' (LST - 1195) was named after Barbour County, Alabama & Barbour County, West Virginia.
In season two, Waller often forces John Diggle to so uh you know work for her on missions other A. R. G. U. S I mean I mean you know. Agents are unwilling to perform and tries to have you know uh okay Starling City destroyed during Slade Wilson's attack to contain the Mirakuru soldiers, only to be stopped by John and Lyla.
The Vancouver riot took place two days after the Bellingham well I mean okay riot, on September 7 and 8, in response to anti-Asian activists uh um okay becoming concerned with the growing Asian population during the summer of 1907 (Lee, 551).
Christophe Tiozzo (born June 1, 1963 in St um like so. Denis, France) is a French former boxer who won the um you know well bronze medal at light middleweight in the 1984 Summer Olympics.
Lakes and ponds dried up; humans and animals cowered in shelters or collapsed from exhaustion.
During the following six months he organized a uh uh well research team to conduct a detailed case study on her, I mean like okay and in May 1971 headed a team of Children's Hospital you know um I mean scientists who sought and obtained a three - year grant to study Genie.
The World Cup is a men's golf tournament contested by teams of two representing their country.
In March 1942, the 30th Battalion occupied defensive you know uh so positions in North Sydney including beach defences to respond I mean like you know to possible Japanese landings at Manly, Freshwater Beach, and I mean you know like Greta, where it concentrated with the rest of the 8th Brigade before being transferred to Western Australia.
The airport is one of the busiest single runway okay I mean you know airports in the country and is a U. S. Customs and Border Protection port of entry.
The most famous fruit of Karbogha is peach. It is famous for the production of peaches through out Pakistan.
He also played for' 70s prog - blues band you know so you know Band of Light, Sardine V and Ian Rilen & The Love Addicts.
As an international he played five times for Ireland like so you know before it emerged that he was actually English and he subsequently played eight times for England.
Sully Boyar (December 14, 1923 - March 23, 2001), born Irving uh you know you know Boyar in Brooklyn, New York, was an American actor of Russian descent.
In October 2016, during the 2016 presidential election he okay um um became the subject of controversy when a secret 2005 recording so so like surfaced of him and presidential candidate Donald Trump having okay well like a lewd conversation; due to this incident, Bush was suspended and later resigned from 'Today'.
Later that night, Aladdin tells his mother that uh like okay he wishes to marry the princess, but she laughs and tells okay um okay him that a poor boy such as he would find it impossible to marry a princess.
BorgWarner instead provides the 4WD system for this more uh um like off - road appropriate SUV, however a Torsen Type 3 (T3) differential is used.
A devoted social worker and landlord, he was also interested in sports and athletics.
The next day, Slash was ill so Stradlin finished okay like I mean writing the music with Duff McKagan; however they did not write any lyrics.
Parviz Davoodi (; born 1952 in Tehran ) was the First uh uh I mean Vice President of Iran from September 11, 2005 to July 17, 2009.
According to Thai sources, Burmese Government forces re-took the majority I mean uh like of the town late Monday evening after an earlier battle between Government okay like well troops and DKBA forces, and by Tuesday morning only a few areas remained under rebel control.
After her contract ended she went to a year in the okay well uh India and lived in a Buddhistic monastery and by the year of 2001 she returned to Israel.
Several works have investigated the CISS effect from a theoretical okay I mean um perspective, (19 -- 33), and the methods used can be divided into three categories.
The decade of the 1980s in film saw the well um um return of studio - driven pictures, coming from the filmmaker - driven New Hollywood era of the 1970s.
A military team there have discovered an alien pod; while examining like well you know the ship they uncover mysterious symbols carved onto the inside of the stark white interior.
Good Clean Love operates in Eugene, Oregon and all products are manufactured in the United States of America.
Malone worked with EPR Architects on a project at 24 Saville you know so you know Row which gained a first place WAN Facade Award in 2015, this involved making 10, 000 hand glazed ceramic tiles.
Last seen wearing red sweat pants, long - sleeve so so you know white pullover sweat shirt, with grey horizontal stripes, the word like okay you know 'Aspen' in green letters, printed on the bottom front you know um so of collar, wearing either blue or white Reebock low - cut tennis shoes.
In 1944, she studied in Nizza and claims to be well um okay linked to the Resistance, where she also adopts the name of 'Dominique Aubier'.
Later Sir Stamford Raffles built his residence there, so like you know which was also used by other Residents and Governors, and you know um like so it became known as Government Hill until it I mean uh well was renamed Fort Canning in 1861 when a fort was built on the site.
Stephen John Rowland (born 2 November 1981 in Wrexham) so uh you know is a Welsh footballer currently playing for Welsh Premier League side Caersws.
Ratu Sir Edward Tuivanuavou Tugi Cakobau (1908 um you know um - 1973) was a Fijian chief and statesman, who well like okay played a major role in Fijian politics in the years that preceded and followed independence in 1970.
In the oval - shaped center chair sits a bearded well so uh man in a black suit jacket with white lining, um okay I mean who informs her that she is in The Village, and that 'she' is Number Six.
Walk Score is a private company that provides walkability services through a website and iOS application.
A huge black cat opened the cask, and Shippeitaro killed uh you know I mean it, and then, with the warrior, several others before they fled.
The cause of SLE is not clear: it is thought to involve a genetic predisposition coupled with a triggering environmental factor.
This record too received very positive reviews, but it um I mean you know failed to sell, much to the dissappointment of the band members.
As of 2012, the global sex ratio is approximately 1 I mean like I mean. 01 males to 1 female -- the greater number of I mean I mean I mean men is possibly due to the significant gender imbalances evident in the Indian and Chinese populations.
In the Belmont Stakes Thunder Gulch was made 3/2 favourite after like okay so Timber Country was withdrawn from the race with a fever and uh you know okay won by two lengths from Star Standard, giving you know okay well his trainer a fifth consecutive win in the Triple Crown races.
An example includes a jobber, Jimmy Jacobs, wrestling Eddie Guerrero I mean so uh during his last heel run and feud with uh uh you know Rey Mysterio, who actually won by disqualification when Guerrero beat him with a chair.
Frank Todd was an English professional rugby league footballer um I mean you know who played in the 1910s, and 1920s playing at um I mean um representative level for England, and Yorkshire, and at club level for Halifax, as a, i. E. Number 6.
Hobart Johnstone Whitley, also known as HJ and I mean I mean um the Father of Hollywood, built the first brick block building in the territory for the National Loan & Trust Company.
The Los Angeles Australian Film and Television Association (LAAFTA) was I mean um you know founded in May 2001 to provide a forum and meeting place for film and television industry professionals to view Australian films.
MarsDials were placed on the Spirit and Opportunity Mars rovers, inscribed with the words 'Two worlds, One sun'.
The Japanese government claimed that this control included all the rights well so uh and privileges granted to Russia by China in I mean uh okay the Li - Lobanov Treaty of 1896, as enlarged by the okay so so Kwantung Lease Agreement of 1898; which included absolute and exclusive administration within the South Manchuria Railway Zone.
By this time, KSNB was owned by Colins Broadcasting well like so Corporation, while KTVG was owned by Hill Broadcasting Company, uh okay uh both were operated by Pappas Telecasting Companies under a time brokerage agreement.
In 1921, he ordered the murders of his nephew's you know okay well wife, mother, and two sisters - in - like um well law to gain control of their oil rights, and then so so so had killed eight other people who had threatened to testify against him.
At that time, due to distributor and other matters okay so you know beyond the group's control, these two releases failed to you know okay um get sufficient airplay and their complete album was never released in the US.
Around the First World War, the paper's circulation was just um well you know short of 100, 000, but it would not be published during the First or the Second World War.
At this time, the town consisted of only one I mean so uh whiskey and drug store, and the population consisted mostly of uh um I mean railroad workers, but this store was later joined by a general like like so store operated by Woodridge Anabel, and a hardware store operated by Drew Wilkerson.
Loveless and Tackett took turns stabbing Sharer in the okay so so chest; they then strangled Sharer with a rope until she I mean I mean um was unconscious, placed her in the trunk, and told the other two girls that Sharer was dead.
Richard and Mary Parker are fictional characters of Marvel um uh I mean Comics and the parents of Peter Parker, the boy would become Spider - Man.
The Hudson - Hoosic Watershed is a drainage basin located in well I mean um the VT 0th Congressional District, MA 1st Congressional District, and NY 20th and 21st Congressional Districts.
In 2015, CAP released a partial list of its donors, which included well um so 28 anonymous donors accounting for at least $ 5 million in contributions.
The first time the violin was returned shortly after the theft; okay uh you know the second theft occurred backstage at Carnegie Hall in I mean you know you know 1936 and the violin was not recovered until 50 years later.
Billy Ray Smith Sr. Was inducted into the Arkansas Sports Hall of um uh you know Fame in 1976, and enshrined into the University of Arkansas' Hall of Honor in 1994.
The final 'Tales of the Watcher' story introduced veteran so I mean so artist George Tuska as a Marvel regular; four years later, he would become of Iron Man's signature artists.
She has also participated in Miss India. She I mean okay okay was crowned Miss Beautiful smile in the Femina Miss India Contest.
He made his first team debut in Elfsborg's 2 - so um you know 2 draw away at IF Brommapojkarna on 26 September okay you know well 2010, and scored his first goal against Syrianska FC in uh so so the home victory, 2 - 1, on 27 June 2011.
Brian continues his millionaire sham and decides to return the ring, okay I mean um but is dismayed when he finds out that Chris like um well ate it, so he and Stewie decide to force Chris to poop it out.
Little Boy Blue is also the name of a 1997 so uh like film about a dysfunctional rural family starring Ryan Phillippe so like well and Nastassja Kinski and of a prominent character in the Fables comic book series.
Randy Mengullo entered Jack & Jill School in the school like well like year of 1994 in whom he organized / well um I mean introduced Karatedo as a sport in school and a regular P well so you know. E. Subject to all pupils and presently he is the chief instructor and martial arts coordinator of all JJS brances.
What is referred to as a large keelson is okay like okay actually a 7. 5m long mast - step timber made uh okay uh of oak which doubles the axial frame and the stringers, nailed on to the frames, reinforced the hull longitudinally.
From 1802 he crewed on privateer ships, and by 1810 he okay so so had accumulated enough prize money to become the master of his own vessel.
The opposing goaltender in that game was well you know well Jimmy Howard, Jimmy was a teammate of Adam's in Grand Rapids in 2007 - 08.
Two songs, 'Aeroplane' and 'What You Know', were included in um um so the release; these are short - form pop songs uh uh you know featuring lead vocals by Moerlen, the first time vocals appear on a Gong record since 1975.
The Catholic Institute of Sydney, a tertiary educational facility I mean I mean I mean that is a member institution of the Sydney College um like okay of Divinity, delivers theological studies at both undergraduate and like like you know postgraduate qualifications and prepares students who are studying for ordination to the priesthood in the Catholic Church.
Forest City has various museums, ranging from the Rutherford County Farm Museum to the Bennett Classical Auto Museum.
Isolated at work too, she shuts herself up um um uh in their apartment, and becomes a slave of her own paranoid uh okay okay fears, and becoming increasingly psychotic and unable to tell fantasy from reality, begins to hallucinate.
The coronation ceremony is known as 'fakanofo' in Tongan uh so um society; the president oversees this and the would be king so uh uh is guarded by two entrusted Matapules on either side of him.
The initial setup used the left analog stick um like I mean for all the character's bodily movements; minor movements to the um so okay stick controlled the upper body movements, while bigger so you know I mean movements controlled the lower body and movement within the ring.
Several baseball series machines were tested and showed much like I mean okay - improved performance, but theoretical calculations showed that the well like uh maximum amount of energy they could produce would be I mean like you know about the same as the energy needed to run the magnets.
James Oliver Vaughan (born 14 July 1988) is an English you know well I mean footballer who plays for Football League Championship I mean like so side Huddersfield Town as a striker and has represented you know you know I mean England at U17, U19 and under 21 level but has okay I mean like since expressed a desire to represent Jamaica at international level.
Southeast Airlines Flight 308 was an American domestic flight uh so um operated by Southeast Airlines between Knoxville and Tri-City, on 8 January uh well you know 1959 it was flown by Douglas DC - 3A registered 'N18941'.
The steward had thought that the harsh sentence I mean okay I mean would frighten the peasants but quite the opposite was uh well uh true - over the next year they secretly prepared for war, uh you know um recruiting one man from every farmers house, supplying them with weapons and teaching them tactics.
In the operation, the majority of Hezbollahs' long - okay okay well range rockets were destroyed in airstrikes that lasted 34 minutes, I mean okay well due to the quality of IDF intelligence regarding the deployment of the fajr rockets across Lebanon.
The southernmost village in the Golan, it is located you know okay like from the Sea of Galilee at a height of above okay so you know sea level, it falls under the jurisdiction of Golan Regional Council.
The company operated under the name Cornell Aeronautical Laboratory from 1946 I mean uh okay until 1972 when Cornell University reorganized the lab so I mean okay as the for - profit Calspan Corporation and then sold its stock in Calspan to the public.
Donati, at the time Podestà of Florence, was exiled uh well well by the White Guelphs in 1299, but he and the um you know well Black Guelphs returned to Florence with Charles of Valois I mean um you know in November 1301 and took power again, exiling and killing many White Guelphs.
At age seventeen he enlisted as a rifleman I mean well like in the Pennsylvania state troops and marched with Benedict you know um uh Arnold on Quebec; taken prisoner during the ill - uh okay okay fated attempt to storm the city on January 1, 1776, he remained confined for nine months.
In 1799, he married Elizabeth Stevens Livingston (1780 -- 1829, daughter like okay well of Chancellor Robert R. Livingston), and their daughter you know I mean you know Elizabeth Livingston (1813 -- 1896) was the grandmother um so okay of Anna Hall Roosevelt, and great - grandmother of Eleanor Roosevelt.
The Honeycombs were an English beat / pop uh um uh group, founded in 1963 in North London, best known for okay uh uh their chart - topping hit, the million selling 'Have I the Right?', in 1964.
The second leg segued to the UK and Europe um like okay - these dates included opening for The Heavy, the festival 'Camden Rocks', and individual headline gigs.
The Crescendo morphed into the CSII, and eventually into okay okay you know the CS2000 & CS3000 before being replaced in the late 1990's by Euphonix's System 5 all - digital console.
Beavis says about music videos that 'They suck' proping well um um Gus to warn them to no avail, after Beavis you know you know like moons the audience on Live TV Gus cuts to commercial and has them leave the set.
Supporters of the charter movement filed an appeal with the so well okay Contra Costa County Board of Education, which on January 11, 2012, overturned the district's decision and approved the charter.
Bruce was not elected to a second term like well okay in 1881 and in 1890 the Democratic - uh I mean I mean dominated state legislature passed a new constitution disfranchising most black okay I mean like voters, a situation that persisted into the 1960s until after federal um okay um enforcement of constitutional rights under the Voting Rights Act of 1965.
Solovyov loved all Slavs, particularly Poles and Croats, because of his so well you know desire to unite all all Slavs in one Catholic Church, because some Slavs are Roman, while others are Orthodox Catholics.
During his tenure as Provost, which position he held until so so well his death, he made many reforms to College, including abolishing Long Chamber, Montem and the Christopher.
In 1999 Little played a Star in the ITV comedy um you know okay drama 'The Flint Street Nativity' which also starred Frank you know uh I mean Skinner, Jane Horrocks, Mark Addy, Josie Lawrence, Neil Morrissey, Stephen Tomkinson, and Julia Sawalha.
In September 2007, delegates at the Liberal Democrat conference voted you know so um to condemn the UCU's 'perverse' decision, and called for UCU so like well members to reject the proposal and continue to engage I mean uh uh in 'the fullest possible dialogue' with their Israeli and Palestinian counterparts.
The Duchy of Merania (also Meran, Merano, or Meranie,) was created um okay you know during the German Empire time. It is also called the okay so I mean Duchy of Dalmatia as it covered the northern Dalmatian seacoast.
'Aerodynamic' is an instrumental song by Daft Punk that is particularly well - known for its robotic guitar solo.
While at NYU film school, Walker supported herself by DJing and so uh like was featured as a cover story in 'Option' and on the cover of issue No. 154 of 'The Wire'.
The Gulf of Chiriqui is a part of Panama that you know um uh encompasses Coiba National Park and Golfo de Chiriqui National Park.
Lilienthal was born in Moscow, Russia, and moved to Hungary at the age of two.
By 15 March, the federal government reported that 50 okay I mean um % of the oil had been contained and that the slick you know like so had been removed from about 95 % of Bribie Island, so so well 85 % along the Sunshine Coast and 25 % around Moreton Island.
Surrounded by mountains, Naharlagun is a small town which you know uh you know sees annual long monsoon rains. Weather is basically sub-tropical okay like you know with hot and humid summer and pleasant winter.
Angles whose sum is a right angle are called complementary, those whose sum is a straight angle are supplementary.
A two - track demo released in 2004 saw I mean uh okay very limited distribution (only 13 copies), and from 2004 so uh I mean to 2007, Sons of Alpha Centauri sporadically performed uh I mean I mean around Kent with Kent - based artists such as Los Salvadores and Bossk.
Air molecules near the end move freely, producing displacement antinodes in the standing wave.
On the next day, Badoglio and Roatta met with Mussolini, um okay uh who announced that his objective was the capture of the well okay um entire country and that he would contact Bulgaria for a joint operation.
He was joint editor of the 'Christian Remembrancer', but withdrew from well okay well the position because of his substantial agreement with the famous Gorham decision.
However, there have been some discrepancies with the use of well like um this method including differences in observations when using single um uh uh and multiple needles as well as the areas of where the needles are placed.
She was soon recruited by the casting director of the you know okay okay FOX series 'The O. C.' She had a six - episode recurring well okay you know role as Holly Fischer in the first season of like I mean like 'The O. C.', and returned in the fourth season for 4 episodes.
The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) and like so well other extremists tend to view the peacock angel as well uh um the malevolent archangel Lucifer or Satan and label the Yazidi as 'devil' worshippers.
The Villages is a master - planned age - uh okay well restricted retirement community located mainly in Sumter County, Florida, okay I mean uh United States, but also includes portions of Lake and Marion counties.
On 31 July 1901 he married Freda Elais Butts so like you know Howell (1874 - 1957) granddaughter of Sir Thomas Howell, Lady in Waiting Queen Mary (1911 Delhi Durbar India).
They are often used by open source projects and I mean like I mean other multi-developer projects to handle various versions and developers submitting various patches of code in an organized fashion.
It continues the events in The Infinity War, and is continued in.
Thomas William Oscar Judd (February 14, 1908 -- uh well um December 27, 1995) was a Major League Baseball pitcher for the um you know I mean Boston Red Sox (1941 -- 1945) and Philadelphia Phillies (1945 -- 1948).
It is necessary to collect from 300, 000 to um um um 315, 000 signatures for the admission to the elections, in each subject so like I mean of Federation it is necessary to collect at least 7, 500 signatures.
O'Cearuill was called up the Republic of Ireland uh like like senior squad for the first time in May 2007 for an well so so end of season tour to the United States and made um you know well his debut after coming on as a sub against Ecuador.
When United States - led forces attacked Osama bin um so so Laden's stronghold at Tora Bora, al - Turkistani was among the uh so well local defenders; after the battle's end, he fled to Pakistan, I mean okay okay where he was arrested and jailed by the Inter-Services Intelligence until around 2011.
The fleet consists of over 5, 700 buses of various types so uh so and models for fixed - route service, and over 2, 000 like like I mean vans and cabs for ADA paratransit service, providing service in I mean um you know New York City, southwestern Nassau County, and the city of Yonkers.
SS 'Navajo Victory' was a cargo ship built during so you know you know World War II under the Emergency Shipbuilding program, it was completed by the California Shipbuilding Company on June 30, 1944.
It is the tenth song on 'Riot City Blues' and was so you know you know released just before Christmas on the 18th December 2006 okay you know um on limited 7' vinyl and download from iTunes you know uh I mean UK, although it was actually put onto iTunes about a week before then.
The fantail is a popular breed of fancy pigeon okay I mean so characterised by a tail composed of 30 to 40 feathers, so you know okay abnormaly more than most members of the pigeon family, which usually have 12 to 14 feathers.
Taking refuge in Egypt, Victor Emmanuel died in Alexandria the so um I mean following year, and was buried there, behind the altar of St Catherine's Cathedral.
In 2007, Croucher he began to work with producer like uh so and Classified who produced Croucher's debut album 'No Dress Code' in 2007.
The Mongols invaded once again in 1300 -- 01 uh so uh but could not break through and withdrew altogether from northern Burma in 1303.
He led the team all three years in scoring I mean well well with 13. 5 points per game in 1960, 16. 5 in 1961, and 12. 8 in 1962.
At Christmas, Terminal Tower is bathed in red and you know okay you know green, and for Fourth of July celebrations is lit in red, white and blue.
During the season she had a strong fondness for Jessie, you know you know well sometimes she could be seen sneaking in his bed to watch him when he sleeps.
Osgoode Hall is the name for a landmark building you know you know so in downtown Toronto which houses the Ontario Court of Appeal, the so you know okay Divisional Court of the Superior Court of Justice, and the Law Society of Upper Canada.
In it Miss Willard portrayed the inspirational, prominent character okay well you know of Salvation Army worker, Priscilla Worth, which turned out to be okay so um not only her final performance for 1966, but also the final acting role of her career.
Carvings from the original church were incorporated into the porch of like you know okay the present church, and the church is famous for like so like being one of the few in the country with the Devil in stained glass.
Some claim that Magburaka should be included in the above um okay like list, but one source estimates the population at only you know well you know 14, 915, whilst another puts it as high as 85, 313.
Further south near Esperance, the economy is based on agriculture like uh I mean and fishing, with wheat and barley widely grown; however, this um um like requires huge inputs in fertilisers because of the I mean I mean well sandy nature of the soils and is a major threat to the region's great plant diversity.
Gravity Probe A (GP - A) was a space like so uh - based experiment to test the theory of general relativity, I mean I mean um performed jointly by the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.
The decision to accept most of the proposed I mean I mean I mean changes was headlined in newspapers across the United States, as well okay like for example on page 1 of the 'Davenport Daily you know um uh Republican' of Davenport, Iowa, where it was the major headline of the morning edition.
An album of the same name was also released following you know uh um the song's success, which was also quite successful as was certified so like uh 'Gold' by the RIAA in early 1973 for selling over 500, 000 copies.
The team was founded in 2012 and will play home you know so you know games at the Gordon Field House on the campus of Rochester Institute of Technology in Henrietta, New York.
The other gods however sensed the plot and held well like well off from eating of the boy's body and uh okay so brought Pelops back to life, his shoulder replaced with one made of ivory made for him by Hephaestus.
Roku's appearance represents the ideal life that they could have well you know like lead if they got married, however the realism influence on um uh well the story shows how these ideal lives are not common in the real world.
He created the name in 1999 for the well well I mean purpose of playing incognito solo shows in Perth, choosing Bob okay so um Evans, 'because it was written on a T - shirt I was wearing'.
Kain began training in 1962 at the age uh I mean I mean of eleven at the National Ballet School of like so well Canada, for seven years and upon graduation in okay um um 1969, she was invited to join the National Ballet of Canada.
In 2015, Lopez's great - grandchildren rediscovered the box uh I mean well in their late grandfather's attic and brought it to the attention you know like well of a local reporter, whose TV news okay you know like report on the strange find was picked up by several national news outlets.
He platted his town as 'Snoqualmie' and another nearby town was platted 'Snoqualmie Falls' while Taylor was out of town.
Belief in the afterlife varies among Wiccans, although reincarnation is um okay well a traditional Wiccan teaching dating back to the New Forest coven in the 1930s.
They make content involved with the film industry this includes: reviews of well I mean um films and web shows, interviews, film festival news, features and masterclasses.
Children that result from unintended pregnancies are more likely uh uh well to suffer from abuse and neglect, they are also more likely to live in poverty.
He came to dance relatively late in life, so like okay however, his talent led to rapid promotion, and so um I mean in 1932 he made his first appearance on the Paris stage.
Geoffrey Graeme 'Geoff' Brock is a South Australian politician, representing the you know so um seat of Frome in the South Australian House of Assembly you know uh well as an Independent, after a shock win at the 2009 Frome state by - election, defeating the Liberal candidate Terry Boylan.
He is a hypnotist and also an I Ching practitioner and has experimented successfully with occult therapeutic techniques.
They agree to get rid of the unborn spirit um I mean okay within Yukie and Mariko apparently succeeds but um you know um the curse tricks them into removing Fukie's spirit from the body.
Fresno County, officially the County of Fresno, is a you know uh you know county located in the Central Valley of the U. S. State of California, south of Stockton and north of Bakersfield.
Thigpen's death also led to a four - year hiatus okay like uh of 'Bear in the Big Blue House', and a planned film version of 'Bear' was put on hold.
IMRO (United) was founded in 1925 in Vienna under um you know okay the leadership of Dimitar Vlahov, Pavel Satev, Georgi Zankov, Rizo Rizov, Vladimir Pop Timov and Hristo Jankov.
Joy of Christmas is the second album of um like so the Chorus Paulinus recorded in the United States um um uh compposed of choral arrangements by Arnold Zamora for Chorus Paulinus in 1999.
Civilian Irregular Defense Group ( CIDG, pronounced 'sid - uh um you know gee' ) was a program devised by the CIA I mean okay you know in early 1961 to counter expanding Viet Cong influence in South Vietnam's Central Highlands.
Hamilton Adolph 'Bud' Westmore (January 13, 1918 - June you know like well 24, 1973) was a renowned makeup artist in Hollywood having worked on over 450 movies and television shows.
However, his practice did not prosper, and he moved several um like you know more times before finally being arrested in Philadelphia by I mean um I mean a creator. Philadelphia for a few more years, teaching and practicing medicine, until in 1824 he decided to go to Venezuela.
Eight term incumbent Tim Holden (D) is running against um okay uh Toni Gilhooley (R), a retired PA State Trooper who served for 25 years.
Each beat counts down from the initial 1000 - I mean well uh once the remaining number reaches 0, the game is over.
It was originally published in the Spring 1968 um um well issue of 'Ubris' magazine, and collected in King's 'Skeleton Crew' in 1985.
The couple only used parts of the ground floor and okay okay um sadly the rest of the house became little more uh like okay than a ruin - until in 1986 Cornelia Bayley well I mean so (the present owner) bought Plas Teg for £ 750, 000 you know like you know which included a grant of £ 250, 000 from CADW.
The 'Yamasee' who migrated to the Port Royal area so okay well around 1685 were in part a reunification of the old La so I mean well Tama chiefdom, but they also had a large okay I mean like population of Guale Indians, as well as various others of generally Muskogean stock.
The magazine was published on a bi-monthly basis until June / July2011 issue when it began to be published annually.
Bomb damage assessment reported amounted to 1, 512 storage caches struck, so well uh resulting in 765 secondary explosions of munitions and POL. Vang I mean you know so Pao now regained the confidence in air power that like uh uh had been shaken in Operation Pigfat when his air strike allotment was slashed.
Under the name Frits, they made covers of old uh uh like Neerlands Hoop songs and released an album in 1995: 'Dankzij de Dijken'.
He currently is Writer - in - Residence at I mean I mean I mean Seton Hall University, South Orange, N. J. Where you know I mean um he teaches journalism and lectures on foreign news coverage, while continuing to work on books, magazine articles and other writing projects.
He was one of the founders of Taki Rua like like um Theatre (formerly The Depot) in Wellington which presented bi-cultural well uh okay works and saw the emergence of award winning Maori theatre particularly in uh um so the 1990s, when he became co-Artistic Director of Taki Rua Theatre with playwright Hone Kouka.
During the fight, Ryu notices that Shun also like I mean I mean possesses the Dark Hadou, before Zangief has a I mean uh I mean chance to crush Shun (literally), Ryu steps in to stop uh I mean I mean the fight, the fight takes a dark turn when Ryu releases the power of Dark Hadou.
René Corbet (born June 25, 1973) is a Canadian so well like retired ice hockey player who played in the National you know like I mean Hockey League with the Quebec Nordiques, Colorado Avalanche, Calgary Flames, and the Pittsburgh Penguins.
During the period from 1988 to 1994, Benfica made a well I mean well huge financial investment in an effort to win another well like uh European Cup, reaching two European Cup finals in 1988 and 1990, but lost to PSV and Milan respectively.
Bernardt had been told her mother would not so I mean you know attend, and she performed her first scenes admirably, Then, you know like I mean much to her surprise, her mother and aunt Rosine appeared so so uh in the audience, and Sarah suffered the first of a lifetime of episodes of stage fright.
Both ships took avoiding action but were too late to so so um avoid a collision, and about 0200 hrs 'Testbank' rammed 'Ceramic' s starboard bow.
He moved to Jerusalem at the age of 21 in um well okay the early 1990s, where he did his formal training at the like well so Rubin Academy of Music and Dance in Jerusalem receiving I mean like well his M. A. In piano, studying under Meira Smailovic, Arbo Valdma, and Irina Berkovich.
Arlesey Old Moat and Glebe Meadows are two nature uh uh uh reserves managed by the Wildlife Trust for Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Northamptonshire.
With both ends of the road completely flooded, the I mean well so group prepares to spend the night; however, they quickly okay I mean um find there is an unknown murderer present, killing off each of the guests.
KPDX's transmitter is located in the Sylvan - Highlands you know I mean okay section of Portland; master control operations for both KPTV I mean um you know and KPDX are located at Meredith's West Coast hub well uh you know facility at the studios of Phoenix, Arizona sister station KPHO - TV.
As the front arms sweeps down in an arc from uh so so the inside to the outside of the body, the back well okay uh hand is 6rt5yrtyacross the body, intersecting at the forearms and providing a firm defence.
The Alevi Kurds of Dersim ( in formality 'Tunceli', you know um you know Turkey ) believe him as a savior; same people describe him as a 'sovereign of the sea's'.
Malin 1 is a giant low surface brightness (LSB) disk galaxy and uh okay I mean one of the largest spiral galaxies currently known, at approximately um like so 650, 000 light years across, six and a half times the diameter of our Milky Way.
Arthur Monnickendam, the third president of the business, represented the okay well okay diamond industry in the London Chamber of Commerce well okay um and became a member of CIBJO, the World Jewellery Confederation, representing the United Kingdom.
The 'LA Riot Squad' is a supporters group for I mean like okay the Galaxy formed after a loss in the 2001 well I mean so MLS Cup, when then - Galaxy keeper Kevin Hartman challenged okay well like a group of Galaxy fans to form a supporter group of 100 people by opening day of 2002.
The energy of the falling water entrains the air into the water; okay you know uh the air is compressed by surrounding water pressure so I mean so (which increases under a column due to the discharge to atmospheric pressure).
But victims and their families brutalised by the Japanese military said so uh you know that the conclusion can be known to Shinozaki himself, well you know you know and those looking back at its history from the safe passage of time.
He has done a few television commercials for popular uh um uh brands like's 'Savdhaan India', MTV India's crime series 'Webbed', UTV Bindass's 'Yeh Hai Aashiqui', and Zing's 'Pyaar Tune Kya Kiya'.
Blue green algae, a food advocated by Kulvinskas, is associated with anatoxin and microcystins.
She becomes very torn later in the story because you know um so her grandmother is dying and she feels like she is well okay I mean killing her because the fairy godmother finally found a okay uh well replacement and now the fairy god mother can rest knowing the fairy tale world rests in good hands.
Saint Lucia's population is predominantly African / black (141, well uh I mean 216 in 2010; 85. 3 % of the total population) so like okay or of mixed African - European descent (17, 965; 10. 8 %).
A vigorous English - speaking middle class was now so like uh the dominant cultural force; a number of its members were okay you know uh influenced by political or cultural nationalism, and some took an interest in the literature of the Irish language.
During the 1980's, Moreno was a favorite of well so um Pulitzer Prize - winning playwright Beth Henley, having appeared in at least four premieres of Henley's plays.
As a result of this strengthening, industrial manufacturing and uh I mean you know services were crowded out and became non-competitive on um okay I mean world markets, a phenomenon that is often referred to in economics literature as Dutch disease.
Guy Mathez is a Swiss football manager from Canton of Jura.
The Church that stands today is The Church of St you know you know like Bartholomew this is an 18th Century, Grade II listed, small Georgian red brick church.
The film is well populated with actors from Louisville, Kentucky, like um I mean where the film was shot, including star Sean O'Bryan, who attended um well I mean St. Xavier High School, and Maggie Lawson, who you know um so went on to star in 8 seasons of the hit TV show Psych.
Carol J. Chumney (born February 13, 1961) was a uh uh um candidate to become mayor of Memphis, Tennessee and I mean um like is currently the holder of the fifth seat on the Memphis City Council.
As the standard of technical engineering at the Wall like um like increased and this particular escape route became less uh okay well and less important, other means of leaving okay well like the GDR were used more often, for example by way so okay you know of neighboring socialist countries, using forged documents or hiding in vehicles.
The saint patron is Santa Maria della Vittoria, um well okay which was celebrated on the first Sunday of October for so like like years, but is now celebrated on the last Sunday of August.
However, he switched to union and made so um uh his debut for France in a Test against Italy in Naples in 1966.
On 7 October 1939 the ship travelled to Portland, where captain like so okay Morée requested the ship drop her anchor off of so like you know the Shambles Sandbank as the sun was setting.
Together with James, she compiled crosswords for several newspapers um okay okay and magazines, including People, and it was in 1978 that they launched their own publishing company.
Carpenter is openly gay and is one of two um so well LGBT members of the Wisconsin Legislature, alongside Rep JoCasta Zamarripa (D -- Milwaukee).
Elsie the Cow is a cartoon cow that has been so um um used as the logo for the Borden Dairy Company since 1936 to symbolize the 'perfect dairy product'.
Visual Studio Team Foundation Server (including Workgroup Edition) requires Microsoft uh um like SQL Server 2005 Standard Edition; however, a license for Standard Edition is included with both products.
Idolator said the song 'dissolves into glitchy loops' before well um uh transitioning into the next track, a Phil Collins cover okay like um from his 1985 album 'No Jacket Required', the original pop rock anthem 'Take Me Home'.
Robert Zubrin has proposed an alternative liquid - core design, um well so the nuclear salt - water rocket, wherein water is the working fluid and neutron moderator.
Duroc is a station of the Paris Métro, uh I mean I mean and is named after Geraud Duroc, Duke of Friuli so I mean uh (1772 - 1813), who was one of Napoleon Bonaparte's Generals.
One prahar is divided into gharis (also called ghati / ghadi), and the gharis are further divided into sub-units.
Although evolutionary theory is hard to test, the popularity of zoos well uh like (Wilson, 1993), camping, and hanging up plants in our homes provide support for this theory.
In 2011, Petra Kvitová won the tournament and I mean okay I mean later reached a career high of world no. Nine you know uh you know of the 18 winners have not reached WTA world no. 1.
Carbon dioxide air capture is a form of carbon well well you know capture that removes carbon dioxide from ambient air, as like you know well opposed to removing CO 2 from the stack emissions well well uh of large point sources, such as fossil fuel fired power stations.
There is considerable overlap with food salvage, food rescue and gleaning, although not with freeganism or dumpster - diving.
Option ARMs are popular because they are usually offered you know you know um with a very low initial interest rate ( a so you know okay like - called 'teaser rate' ) and a low minimum uh okay okay payment, which permits borrowers to qualify for a much larger loan than would otherwise be possible.
He often attended services of different denominations, and he suppressed anti-Catholic celebrations in the Army.
In 1933 he was C - in - C the Nore being promoted to Admiral 1935.
Jian Shuo plotted to assassinate He Jin but the conspiracy um okay so was discovered in advance, and He Jin had Jian Shuo arrested and executed.
The film began principal photography on April 3, 2017 with a small coffee shop scene, shot at Ciclo Cafe.
Kraina Mriy (founded in 2004) is a biannual, multi-day festival so well well of ethnically Russo - Ukrainian music, and was founded by Ukrainian musician Oleg Skrypka.
A protectionist policy ensured a consistent nucleus of scholars and um well uh teachers: laws issued by Cosimo I, Ferdinando I and you know so uh Ferdinando II obliged those who intended to obtain a degree to attend the Studium of Pisa.
Thompson Center manufactures a variety of muzzleloading rifles of both Traditional I mean okay like and Inline designs, and sell a great number of percussion and flintlock rifles in a wide variety of bore diameters.
The streak began in the final months of 1990 as you know so you know the chestnut filly overcame adversity to win the Grade uh I mean like 2 Black - Eyed Susan Stakes over a muddy race track after losing a shoe.
The correct location for docking for GSP is after the caudal okay like you know vertebrae start to curl, leaving enough tail to let well um uh the dog fart at a jaunty angle, not curled under.
The marine snail 'Hinea brasiliana' uses flashes of light for um like so defence, emitted through the translucent shell which functions as an efficient diffuser of light.
On 1 April 1926, the Transjordan Frontier Force okay like you know was formed from cadre drawn from the Arab Legion, and so so um it consisted of only 150 men and most of them were stationed along Transjordan's roads.
Ann Philippa Pearce (23 January 1920 - 21 uh um um December 2006) was an English children's author born in 1920 uh uh uh and brought up in the King's Mill House in the village of Great Shelford, Cambridgeshire.
The then Chancellor Gordon Brown announced plans for privatisation uh okay like in the 2006 Budget, but until any sale happens, it remains a statutory corporation.
It resulted from the merge of the 'Academisch Ziekenhuis well like um Leiden' (Leiden Academic Hospital) and the medical faculty of Leiden University you know you know so in the late 1990s; similar arrangements exist for most university hospitals in The Netherlands.
The site of Faillouox is steeped in five centuries of history so okay so and the first recorded mention of the site can be traced back to the year 1445.
Fort Rosecrans National Cemetery is situated in the city you know you know you know of San Diego, California, on the Fort Rosecrans Military Reservation, today it is known as Naval Base Point Loma.
The original Island Gardens DLR station was opened in 1987 so so you know as the southern terminus of the DLR's initial system, and well you know I mean was an elevated terminal station with two platforms each capable of accommodating a single car train.
His forces grew to around 6, 000 men like well uh by June 1861, and the French had began to you know well um report that junks from Singapore and Hong Kong had arrived um okay I mean in Go Cong with shipments of European - made weapons.
After 22 years since their breakup, MAXX officially returned to well um so live performing in Spring 2017 with original lead vocalist Elyse (aka Linda Meek) and newcomer: rapper / singer Elijah MC.
Most of these errors have been fixed in a new um you know like enhanced version Sonic's Ultimate Genesis Collection for Xbox 360 and PlayStation like like okay 3, which allowing high definition playing through scaling - up and filters.
The Empire, already pushed to the brink of collapse as um you know like a result of the war, is undermanned and struggles well you know well to protect the villages, and if the tribes were once again to reuinite, the Empire would most likely fall.
Getting constant volume is, technically, relatively simple and metering you know okay you know systems relying on constant volume dispensation therefore are especially simple and reliable.
He became the children's editor for the 'News Chronicle', so you know um and from 1954 presented a BBC music request programme for children, 'Children's Favourites', on Saturday mornings.
Considering Johnny's thirst for data, Fred is sworn not so well okay to reveal their location to Johnny, believing that I mean you know well the robot would become over-excited; but when Fred reveals well so well their location, the robot leaves the warehouse to explore the city and inadvertently befriends Oscar himself.
During latent infection a viral RNA transcript inhibits I mean I mean um expression of the gene encoding ICP0 via an antisense RNA mechanism.
In 1859, he traveled westward in the company of you know uh okay Frederick W. Lander, a land surveyor for the U uh like okay. S. Government, and returned to a studio he had I mean you know okay taken at the Tenth Street Studio Building in New York with sketches that would result in numerous finished paintings.
LTS result in the neuron reaching the threshold for an I mean okay uh action potential, and so the spike is typically crowned by a like uh um burst of two to seven action potentials, which is known as a low - threshold burst.
The Fairmount Line is undergoing a major so I mean you know rehabilitation that includes the construction of four new stations in Boston, um you know so while work on a new western terminus of the Fitchburg Line at Wachusett Station has started.
Olaf comes to Anna's rescue and reveals Kristoff is in okay like so love with her, and two travel out onto the fjord to find him.
Elias Breeskin (Born 1896 - died May 9, okay um like 1969) was born sometime in 1896 in Yekaterinsolav, a small village I mean okay I mean in the Ukraine, which has now morphed into the okay so I mean industrial city of Dnepropetrovsk, with over a million inhabitants.
He is well known for his unequivocal position to fight homosexuality um I mean you know in all forms and recently even raided with the Police, a gay activist workshop where participants were arrested.
The winners of the two Division Series met in the like like well 2005 National League Championship Series, with the winner of that like you know like series becoming the National League champion, and face the American League champion in the 2005 World Series.
Still the Daughters did not feel that they were doing uh okay so enough, so they constructed, on their own, a sit down strike to take place at Pittston Coal headquarters.
Born in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Black graduated from Dalhousie University um well I mean with two degrees at age 19, and then went on to complete his actuarial training in 1974.
After losing so many age - outs in 1987, like so you know the '88 corps was very young; playing Stavinsky's Firebird Suite, the corps finished in fifth place in Kansas City.
Croydon Central Library, located on four floors inside I mean so uh the Clocktower, is Croydon's main public library, part of the Croydon Libraries arm of the council.
One of Arman's earliest works of piano destruction, 'Chopin's well um like Waterloo' (1962) involved the artist hacking a piano like well um to pieces with an axe at the Galerie Saqqârah in Gstaad.
Darwin had not made the link explicit in 'Origin', though a um okay so single line hinted at such a conclusion: 'light like uh okay will be thrown on the origin of man and his history'.
Marky Ramone is the only living member of the you know I mean I mean longest - running Ramones line - up, which featured Joey, Johnny and Dee Dee for 15 years.
And the music has a melody and a language like so so in and of itself', while lead editor Naomi Zeichner went on you know um I mean to compare the album to the work of Interpol and 'the um uh uh retro biker bar rock that soundtracks' Sons of Anarchy'.
You can easily find lots of people of this okay okay so village near Laheriasarai Tower in Darbhanga. Upto some extent you well well you know can say that Panchobh rules everywhere in the city Darbhanga / Laheriasarai.
The 102. 1 FM frequency was originally home to KSTP uh you know you know - FM, and the station was partnered with Hubbard Broadcasting's AM station of the same name.
On the basis of these findings, Barbara McQuade, the well okay um United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Michigan, won um like well a 23 - count indictment charging Fata with like I mean uh health care fraud, conspiring to take and receive kickbacks, money laundering, and unlawfully procuring naturalization.
Throughout the fifties and sixties, a new school of artists um like like emerged on the scene, who 'Pop Art' a household name.
Houston Cougars is the only Division 1 football team I mean uh I mean to score 100 points against another Division 1 team, (Tulsa) you know um okay in 1968 and Georgia Tech is the only Division I uh well you know team to record over 200 points in one game, which occurred in 1916 against Cumberland.
Star - Lord (Scott Porter) receives a distress - call so I mean well from the Nova Corps requesting the assistance of the Guardians you know so um of the Galaxy on a nearby Kree planet, where their forces are being decimated by Thanos (Jake Hart).
Mitotic inhibitors are derived from natural substances such as plant alkaloids and okay um like primarily used in cancer treatment and certain types of cancer research including cytogenetics.
The second of four daughters of a well - to well uh um - do dental surgeon and a housewife, Neila's mother's uh so well name was Manonmany Balendra: Neila Balendra was born in 1938 in Colombo, Ceylon (now Sri Lanka).
The Hemidontidae is a small family of freshwater characins found like uh like in northern South America, south to the Paraná - Paraguay Basin.
The Ghanaian midfielder completed his move to VfB Stuttgart in like okay you know the German second tier league during the January well you know like transfer window on 31 January 2017, after the Africa Cup of Nations with the Black Stars.
Not completely yet, a large number of Tānks are so I mean um now followers of Islam, there are many Tanks still existing uh uh uh among the Sainis andHindu Jats and Kadia Kshatriya community of Gujarat.
Identifiers must not be used as substitutes for the like I mean I mean url parameter therefore the use of the asin parameter and okay okay you know any use of the template in citations shall render such citations invalid by default.
The football, field hockey, women's lacrosse, and track well uh so & field teams play at Richard Wackar Stadium, and um so I mean the basketball, swimming & diving, and volleyball teams play in the Esbjornson Gymnasium.
It is over 100 million km in diameter, it is almost okay um okay the same size as HIP 110703, but don't get I mean well you know confused with the other stars HIP 110703, HIP 110370, and HIP 110730.
Another son, General Waller Taylor, represented Lunenburg in the Virginia so uh you know legislature, then moved to Vincennes, Indiana, where he became a judge and like okay so subsequently Adjutant General of the United States Army under General William Henry Harrison in the War of 1812.
In 2001, Cartoon Network obtained licensing to run uh so well 96 more episodes and air the original Dragonball anime and was well uh like the top rated show in the Toonami block of Cartoon network.
Raphael was born in Lancaster Royal infirmary on you know well like Wednesday 10th February 1988, he lived in Morecambe Kingsway estate I mean okay uh from 1988 - 1994, he has since lived in East and North London, as well as Morecambe.
Gretsa University was started in 2006 when okay I mean so it opened its doors to its first batch of students um um so pursuing Degree programmes in Hospitality, Tourism and Business. The University is recognized and certified by Commission for Higher Education (CHE).
After Reformation Day, the band began experimenting with altered states of well uh okay consiousness and longer, freeform improvised pieces of music, frequently you know so okay rehearsingthrough the night jamming over the same riff for extended periods of time.
Some newspapers romantically linked McPherson with her radio uh um like engineer, and rumors developed Ormiston vanished at the same time as McPherson; and had run off together.
The Shah left Iran for exile on January 16, you know well um 1979 as the last Persian monarch and in the you know you know well resulting power vacuum two weeks later Ayatollah Khomeini returned to Tehran to a greeting by several million Iranians.
They are famous in humour And satirist poetry and well uh I mean articles. The Name of the father is, Dr. Avadhesh kumar verma and mother Smt.
Marc Rotenberg, President of the Electronic Privacy Information Center, uh you know um called the feature 'troubling;' however, the new feature is enabled by default but can be disabled.
At Derby, he spent a bit more than one so you know you know season a half helping to keep the club in so uh you know the Championship with a series of virtuoso performances, also giving many autographs to fans.
Thomas West, 8th Baron De La Warr and 5th I mean well so Baron West KB KG (c. 1457 -- 10 October okay uh well 1525) was the oldest son of Richard West, 7th Baron De I mean well okay La Warr and 4th Baron of West and Lady Catherine Hungerford.
He became a prominent member of the Krio community however by the time of his death he had been forgotten.
By the end of the 19th century gold miners well you know so were trickling in on rumours of gold, driving a population increase like like you know justifying the setting up of a police force, just in well uh you know time for the start of the Klondike Gold Rush in 1897.
Participated in 'Liberation of Western Ukraine' and fighting at Ostrogozhsk, Rossosh, Kharkov, Orel and other operations and actions.
Bruce Craig Scott (born 20 October 1943), Australian politician, has been so well okay a National Party member of the Australian House you know okay you know of Representatives since March 1990, representing the Division of Maranoa, Queensland.
Lalith J. Rao (some also spell as Lalit) is the eminent torchbearer of the Agra Gharana.
Her work is exhibited by Galerie 1900 - 2000 in Paris well okay um and Senior & Shopmaker Gallery in New York and currently lives and works in Paris.
The Law School also maintains a Master of Laws (LL okay okay well. M.) program with concentrations in corporate finance law, tax law, and labor and employment law.
The crests may also be positioned in a key item um um you know called Solomon's Key; positioning the crests correctly will unlock uh um um new spells for each crest for a certain region.
He was an elder of the United Presbyterian Church so um um of Scotland and his deep religious convictions informed his you know you know well work, there is a strong suggestion that he you know well well closely identified Solomon's temple with the plan of the Greek basilica.
Yves - Marie Adeline Soret de Boisbrunet (born March 24, 1960 in uh uh um Poitiers, France) better known as Yves - Marie Adeline, was the founder and leader of the French political party, Alliance Royale.
White JG, Matlack C, Mundschenk D and Rao GHR.
On 12 June 1808, while Lasalle was on his um uh you know way to Valladolid, in the village of Cabezón, he met like well I mean a resistance of about 7, 000 men under okay uh okay General Cuesta, deployed along the Cabezón bridge to bar the road to Burgos against oncoming French divisions.
According to the World Bank, Russia has experienced a period of um uh so strong economic growth during the 2000s, however, by so okay I mean 2012, growth slowed down dramatically as reforms have come along at a slower pace.
Educated at the Erasmus - Grasser - Gymnasium in Sendling - okay like okay Westpark, Munich, he was called up to the okay um well Imperial German Army in 1915, and trained in field artillery at the airfield in Augsburg.
James Alan McPherson (born September 16, 1943 in Savannah, Georgia) okay you know I mean is a United States novelist and short story writer and a recipient of the Guggenheim Fellowship in 1973.
Its staff went through many changes during those years, with okay I mean uh Dunn leaving in early 1977 and McNeil quitting shortly afterwards.
This covered an area of 3. 9 million square kilometres (1 you know uh uh. 5 million sq mi), over one - third the area I mean you know uh of Canada nd the changing attitudes that the company had toward them.
In looking to make a follow up to '7 you know okay so Days in Hell,' Samberg and his crew looked for a sport that could be displayed cheaply while also having comic potential.
The Chilean jack mackerel, 'Trachurus murphyi', is a species of uh um like jack mackerel in the 'Trachurus' genus of the Carangidae family.
Durg railway station, located in the Indian state of Chhattisgarh, like uh like serves Durg, Bhilai and the adjoining areas in Durg district.
With the construction of the Turnpike in the like I mean so mid- 1950s most of the surrounding water was okay I mean uh filled in, so that today only the southern tip of City Point is bordered by water.
At 11: 58 p. M. PDT on October 1, the um um well Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department stated that one like well you know suspect, a Nevada resident, was 'down', and later stated that no other shooters were believed to be involved.
There are many types, all with different properties that I mean like um make them advantageous for different applications when bound to a subunit that can chelate or bind a metal ion.
Rachel Zoe Rosenzweig (born September 1, 1971) better known as like you know like Rachel Zoe, is an American fashion stylist best known you know well well for working with celebrities, fashion houses, beauty firms, advertising agencies, and magazine editors.
Heptyl acetate (C 9 H 18 O 2), also known so so you know as heptanyl acetate and acetate C - 7, is a so um um colorless alcohol - soluble liquid used as a fruit uh well so essence flavoring in foods and as a scent in perfumes.
José Arturo Rivas Mortera (born October 18, 1984 in I mean like okay Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz) is a Mexican footballer who you know okay well currently plays centre back for UANL Tigres in the 'Primera División de México'.
The exhaust gases could not be allowed to cool I mean okay um below a certain temperature, as there was a risk of the you know okay like sulphur and nitrogen oxides in the flue gases condensing um well uh and forming acids which could have damaged the ID Fans.
The closing years of his life were largely devoted to charity and he died at Maida Hill, London.
Kramer was the first company that Eddie officially endorsed, beginning well like uh in 1983 when Kramer built a Frankenstrat replica for him.
SKH - SDP received 31. 56 % of uh uh okay votes cast, followed by HDZ at 28. 32 %, independent candidates okay um okay received 13. 26 % and KNS won 10. 95 % of the vote.
However, all perissodactyls, extinct and extant, have a mesaxonic foot structure um I mean okay on the rear feet: the symmetry of the foot passes through the third digit, which holds the animal's weight.
There on the Bhirr they found some old coins with the you know you know um Greek word 'Bazileous' stamped on it and conjectured okay I mean I mean that these were the coins left behind by the Greeks.
As well and NV centres and molecules, quantum dots um I mean I mean (QDs) can emit single photons and can be constructed from the same semiconductor materials as the light - confining structures.
Clogging, a descendant of folk dances such as I mean so okay Jigging is thought to be the partial okay so so originator of traditional, popping, and locking are some of I mean I mean like the most popular street dance styles in Western and African American culture.
In 1991, she was invited to design fabric prints uh like okay based on her ceramics for a festival in Seville Expo um uh so in 1992, at the Venice Biennale in 1993, and at the South African Bienniale in 1995.
Kosli Railway Station is on the Rewari - um so well Bhiwani railway lineie 30 km from rewari also so uh uh doubling of railway track is in progress at fast um um so pace n there after electrification of entire section is planned very soon.
It is expected that the Lord Speaker will assume so um I mean most of the duties of the Lord Chancellor that relate I mean uh well to his Parliamentary role, although the Lord Chancellor will so so okay continue to be the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal.
South Korean teenager Yong Kim is about to be naturalized with you know uh like the rest of his family, but he has started to I mean well so hang out with a bad crowd and ultimately participates like well so in a convenience store robbery to 'pop his cherry' with his gang.
When Andy Griffith decided to leave his series, most okay I mean well of the supporting characters returned for the new program, which so like okay ran for three seasons (78 color episodes) on the CBS network from 1968 - 1971.
Hlengani Foster Baloyi is the third born son of like so okay Risenga Evans Baloyi and Jayela Mphephu Chauke he started school at Tivanani Primary school.
Giacomo Meyerbeer, (born Jacob Liebmann Beer) (5 September 1791 okay um so -- 2 May 1864) was a German opera composer, who so um I mean with his 1831 opera 'Robert le diable' like okay um and its successors gave the genre of grand opera 'decisive character'.
Her Federal trial began in 1996, and in September like well um 1996 she was convicted of federal charges of tax evasion and sentenced to 37 months in prison.
Cape Coast Castle is one of a number well so I mean of 'slave castles', fortifications in Ghana built by Swedish traders, I mean um so originally for trade in timber and gold, later used in the trans - Atlantic slave trade.
The group decided to continue as a trio for recording with Tony like um like Banks on keyboards and Mike Rutherford playing the guitar you know so I mean and bass guitar in the studio, although the line - um I mean so up was regularly augmented by Chester Thompson and American guitarist Daryl Stuermer for concert tours.
According to its Terms of Service, Google Health is um I mean so not considered a 'covered entity' under the Health Insurance well okay okay Portability and Accountability Act of 1996; thus, HIPAA privacy laws do not apply to it.
He was suspended by the Irish Medical Council in 1999 pending their okay you know I mean investigations, and then struck off the Register of Medical Practitioners in 2003.
On September 21, 2013 VoteRiders hosted its first Voter ID Clinic like okay so in Houston and was active in the 2017 Senate special election in Alabama.
Garkha is the Himalayan fertile and lush green mountain country in uh uh well front of Askot region of Uttaranchal state of India um okay well in the Pithoragarh district means herd of cows. Well linked with roads with Ogla at it's entry point.
In the past, the New Orleans Saints had used the um like uh facilities for their summer practice and the university would uh okay like be interested in attracting another NFL team to the campus.
With no engine thrust, the plane lost height and it you know um I mean plunged into the small village of Cove Neck on northern Long Island, in Oyster Bay; from the airport.
Administratively, the mountain's slopes and summit are shared between uh okay you know the municipalities of Gündlischwand, Gsteigwiler and Bönigen, all of which are in the canton of Bern.
His jobs in his teenage years included being an ice like like you know - cream salesman and a night - club bouncer and okay you know I mean combined self - tuition via visits to the local library in Levenshulme.
George Frederick Laurence Hyde Villiers, 7th Earl of Clarendon so you know okay (2 February 1933 - 4 July 2009) was okay okay so the son of George Herbert Arthur Hyde Villiers, Lord Hyde well uh like (1906 - 1935) and Hon. Marion Feodorovna Louise Glyn (1900 - 1970).
Having settled in the region west of the Black you know I mean okay Sea in the 3rd century AD, the Goths soon um you know well split into two divisions, the Ostrogoths (East Goths) and the Visigoths (West Goths).
He edited and introduced the Everyman's Library reedition of like okay I mean Hobbes 'Leviathan' and was a columnist for 'The you know like you know Times' and 'The Times Higher Education Supplement', and contributed to 'The New Criterion' and 'Daily Mail'.
The episode 'I Was Accused' was based on the I mean like so true experience of actor George Voskovec, who was kept interned so uh okay at Ellis Island during the day's of Robert E. Sherwood Award by a committee that included Eleanor Roosevelt.
He left the United States in 1913 and headed I mean uh uh to Belgium, where he established the 'Armes Automatique Lewis' company in Liège to facilitate commercial production of the gun.
Unlike most block ciphers, MARS has a heterogeneous structure: several okay I mean okay rounds of a cryptographic core are 'jacketed' by unkeyed mixing rounds.
Corrour Bothy is a simple stone building so so so with a single room and a chimney and likely built to house Deer Watchers.
In 2014 and 2015, it was one of the qualifying you know you know like events for The Open Championship; the leading three players you know like so who had not already qualified and who finished in the top ten qualified.
Lovett died in Locust Valley, New York, on May 7, 1986, so um okay having been preceded by wife, Adele died on January 4, 1986.
Paul S. Otellini born and raised in San Francisco, California, United States, his family is of Italian origin.
Gunn is hired to act as a body double for a prince, pity they don't realise he's a djinn.
It is a common inhabitant of sheltered wetlands you know uh well with some taller vegetation, such as taiga bogs in well you know okay the breeding season, and usually feeds by dabbling for plant food or grazing.
By that time the Yavana (Indo - Greeks) who were in possession well you know okay of Mathura were advancing towards Pataliputra but getting the news of uh you know like the triumph of Kharavela at Rajagriha the Yavana king had to retreat to Mathura.
He has researched and studied artists who came to catalog what existed uh well um in Brazil at the time of the I mean like okay conquest, including Maximilian Wied - Neuwied, invited by Don Pedro so you know so II to classify Brazil's plant and animal species and the native peoples.
He was mentored by Mr. Rose, then executive VP I mean well you know of sales, Rose retired from his position in the company in 1995.
With few appearances in his first Peterborough season, Howe went out on loan at Rochdale, until the end of the season.
Hungarian Sea Scout Paul Ferenc Sujan and American uh okay you know Maurice Tripp also attended, and all three men like like okay would more than 20 years later play a key um okay so role in helping Bánáthy build a leadership program for youth in the United States.
However, they have a very weak defense and any unit that so like um manages to get close to them can take them out um um like very easily, the units that they are the best doing this job are the Fast units.
On March 14 2007, he started his third stint well okay well as a coach at Arminia Bielefeld, he was fired by club management on December 10, 2007.
A particular concern is the treatment of Muslim women, so okay uh who may be pressured into wearing veils, leaving school, and marrying early.
He became notable in 1999 for being one of like um you know two councillors to opt out of retroactive salary increases okay like you know that council had implemented, saying the raises'... Should be for uh okay like the next council term which would give the electorate time to pass comment on councillors' remuneration.
He previously served as president of the church's Brazil São you know well you know Paulo South Mission (2011 to 2014) and as Academic Vice President of Brigham Young University (BYU).
John Miller (October 29, 1843 -- October 26, 1908) served um so so as the first Governor of North Dakota from 1889 to 1891.
The Cunoniaceae is a family of 26 genera you know uh okay and about 350 species of woody plants in the Antarctic I mean like so flora, native to Australia, New Caledonia, New Guinea, New Zealand, southern South America, the Mascarene Islands and southern Africa.
Elections to the Swiss Federal Assembly, the federal parliament of um so I mean Switzerland, were held on Saturday, October 20, 2007; the second round okay um like of the elections to the Council of States will I mean like I mean be held on 11 November, 18 November and 25 November 2007.
After the 1830 General Election ended Tory domination, Littleton okay okay you know took up the campaign against the truck system, by which you know um like employees were forced to accept payment or advances in uh so well kind, often becoming effectively enslaved to the company store.
Dragon designs in the Song period often reveal an almost humorous rendition; the dragons often seem to smile.
Scam believes he bought the watch from Obie's muggers, Johnnie Red you know uh so denies it at first, but later he tells them uh like okay he did have it but gave it to a man named Keegan (Robert Prosky), a slick pawn shop owner.
It is located around one mile north of Abbots Langley (where, at the 2011 Census the population was included).
In her youth, Fitzgerald wanted to be a dancer, um um um although she loved listening to jazz recordings by Louis Armstrong, Bing Crosby, and the Boswell Sisters.
Rfa 501 attacked by itself again on 16 February, you know you know I mean four aircraft reached England, one carrying a bomb which, aimed at um uh well Victoria station, fell half a mile away on the Royal Hospital, Chelsea.
Cook was born in Louisiana in 1928, and received two I mean um okay Bachelor's degrees in mathematics and petroleum engineering respectively from Louisiana State University in 1950 and 1955.
This has been a major selective pressure acting over I mean okay well terrestrial plants And nowadays, it is one of the major threatening for agriculture and forestry even in temperate zones.
The series is created by Catharina Ledeboer, produced by Viacom International, and executive produced by Tatiana Rodriguez.
Dr Fareed Uddin Baqai and his wife Dr Zahida okay um like Baqai were medical practitioners and surgeons who had been educated well so you know in Pakistan and the United Kingdom and began to practice you know I mean you know in Karachi, which at that time was the capital.
Distributed by Millones Records, the first mixtape in the series 'Real G4 Life' was released on January 5, 2011.
His successor Les Sutton failed to win a single League well okay you know game; although the club won the Manchester Premier Cup, he was sacked at the end of the season.
According to the Korea Joongang Daily in 2013, I mean well uh it is ranked 8 th overall in South Korea, 7 I mean so uh th in reputation, 7 th in papers published on SCI um I mean like journals, and 4 th in outbound exchange students ratio (5. 1 %).
Marohl was on the (MLL) Baltimore Bayhawks roster in 2006 um uh so where he tallied 3 goals and 5 assists in well I mean I mean 8 games and was also listed on the 2007 Washington Bayhawks roster.
During the course of this translation, the outlines gradually so okay like became apparent for a community of believers, with authority okay uh so from God, ordinances such as baptism, and ordained clergy.
Pacifica State Beach is one of the most popular beginner you know okay you know surfing spots in the San Francisco area, among surfers I mean like uh is frequently known as Linda Mar Beach, because it fronts Pacifica's Linda Mar subdivision.
Hwang appeared as one of the recurring guests for a variety you know well I mean show program, 'Love Letter', from 2004 to 2006, before I mean um uh she officially started her acting career with drama 'The Person I Love' in 2007.
Her father died when she was only two months old, you know so well forcing her mother to move to California to find work, okay like okay where Evans' mother took a job as a maid at First National Studios.
On 11 May, Colin discharged himself from hospital, well um you know Jason and Julie looked after him at Eileen's, who vowed never I mean uh okay to speak to her father again and didn't well like you know want him in the house but relented due to his frail state.
Since its cityhood in 1998, the city's economy is dependent so I mean so on agriculture and fishing however, a growing industry in um like I mean machinery and tourism has contributed well to the you know uh um city's annual income making it one of the fastest growing new cities in the last 10 years.
Despite interest from Portugal, Dier opted to represent England so so I mean in international football, and in November 2015, made his debut for the senior team.
The Monument is thought to be the first of its you know well uh kind in Europe, it is located in the Peace Village of Mesen, Belgium.
Mumtaz married Mayur Madhvani on 29 May 1974; they have two daughters, Natasha and Tanya.
Like Li's previous film, 'Blind Shaft', which dealt with the notoriously okay okay um dangerous mining industry, 'Blind Mountain' turns a sharply critical eye um uh I mean towards another one of China's continuing social problems, this time the illegal sex slave trade.
He moved to Zanesville, Ohio, in 1805 after Pres. Thomas you know like like Jefferson appointed him receiver of the land office at Zanesville, and like you know okay served from 1805 to December 1826 when he resigned in favor of his son Bernard.
Built in 1888, the 'Sea Wing' was long, a beam amidship and a height of to her pilot house.
This engine was based on the M50TU out of the 325 like uh uh but was bored out to yield greater displacement and like I mean okay utilized the same cylinder head but with more aggressive cams and valvetrain.
He asks Tom Lawlor to hit him who at first declines to do so.
To achieve this, Turkish Philanthropy Funds work with donors to uh well like understand the philanthropic goals and develop smart social investments um uh um and screen nonprofits and the support the most effective programs to maximize the impact of giving.
The magazine was founded in Australia by Geoff Hill in approximately 1984, relocating to the United Kingdom ca.
While Faith No More's music is generally labeled as I mean like I mean alternative metal, experimental rock, and, as Faith No Man, their sound was described as post-punk.
Hector's Ichthyosaur, or the New Zealand Ichthyosaur is okay I mean so an unidentified, extinct genus of ichthyosaur discovered in 1874 like uh um which remains have been lost, it may be the largest animal ever to have existed.
Leanne's latest client turns out to be Liam's brother, Paul (Sean you know um so Gallagher), and he threatens to tell Liam that she is uh well so an escort but keeps quiet after Leanne threatens to tell his wife, Carla (Alison King), about his activities.
This year, Allen received a nomination for the NAACP like well like Image Award for Best Jazz Album in 2011 'Geri like I mean um Allen & Timeline Live', she was also nominated for The 10th Annual Independent Music Awards under the Live Performance Album, category.
In one sense, the Fundamental Orders were replaced by like you know well a Royal Charter in 1662, but the major outline okay uh well of the charter was written in Connecticut and embodied the Orders' rights and mechanics.
It is developed into three phases and lies near Fruit Market and has many IT companies coming Up.
He served as Deputy Minister of Education of Myanmar from like uh uh 1994 to 1999 under of Dictator Than Shwe's Cabinet, well okay so and served as chairman of the Union Civil Service Selection and Training Board from 1999 to 2009.
He joined the army to further his education you know you know uh in his chosen field, and became the Joe team's communications expert.
Parsons Horological Institute (originally, La Porte School you know um I mean for Watchmakers; also known as Parsons Horological School) was okay like well an American horological school in La Porte, Indiana, which was moved you know I mean well to Peoria, Illinois where it because a department of Bradley University.
Tomáš Galásek (born 15 January 1973 in Frýdek - Místek) um um you know is a former Czech football player, he is a well you know I mean Holding midfielder who is also strong as a centre back, who played for FSV Erlangen - Bruck.
The address of the motel is in Rialto, but the motel is itself completely located inside San Bernardino.
In 2006, he appeared in the BBC singing competition Just okay well well the Two of Us, his singing partner was former Atomic Kitten singer Natasha Hamilton.
The political power gradually shifted to the civil I mean you know well officials, while that of the nobility and military establishment I mean uh you know waned, even though they had been important members of the ruling elite during the Hongwu and Yongle reigns.
On 27 November 2013, in a 0 − 2 loss at like uh I mean C. D. Aves, he was sent off in the 71st um okay you know minute for fouling Pedro Pereira, being again redcarded in a goalless draw against S. C. Covilhã the following month.
During the summer vacation, he frequented J's bar with his friend 'Rat' and spent much time drinking beer obsessively.
Over 57 % of historic vessels recorded on the okay um okay NRHV are either privately owned or commercially operated, with museums and charitable trusts accounting for 14 % of the total.
Vidal taught aeronautics at West Point and was one of so well uh the first Army Air Corps pilots, being later one of the pioneers in the commercial aviation industry.
However, as he sat in prison awaiting trail and the prosecutors well so like were building their case, a number of key witnesses turned I mean okay okay up dead and due to the lack of evidence provided by Russian authorities, a conviction was not possible.
Joshua Malik 'Josh' Childress (born June 20, 1983) is an American you know I mean I mean professional basketball player who last played for the New Orleans Pelicans of the NBA.
In chess, the Grünfeld, exchange variation chess opening occurs after well um um 1. D4 Nf6 2. C4 g6 3. Nc3 d5 4. Cxd5 Nxd5.
Unable to speak from his mortal wound and with his right so like okay hand useless from the paralysis, Avery with his left hand so you know okay scribbled a simple note for Tate: ' Major, like okay um tell my father I died with my face to the enemy.
PSR J1614 -- 2230 spins on its axis roughly 317 okay you know like times per second, corresponding to a period of 3. 15 well so uh milliseconds, and like all pulsars, emits radiation in a beam, much like a lighthouse.
Chaplin finally re-hired Cherrill to finish 'City Lights' and Cherrill like well uh demanded and got a raise to $ 75 per week.
Meriden, An Anglican School for Girls is an independent, Anglican, uh um like day school for girls, in Strathfield, an inner - western suburb of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
The author of the play was Daisy Wuletich, Gary uh okay well - born, who had visited Bishop Varnava when uh uh well he was living in Serbia drew upon her personal letters of the Bishop, from an account of the trial, and her personal observations.
Dodmen are the human - shaped geoglyphs of Britain, so I mean okay some believe were designed in the likeness of their purported creators - the surveyors and astronomers of the pre-druidic British Isles.
Keynes believed that the last two of his equations could um like so be solved in isolation, and was mistaken because he had uh so um failed to take account of the conversion factor needed between real terms and wage units.
On 30 March 1973 he collapsed in his hotel you know so um room in Plymouth and spent four days in hospital well I mean uh in hospital but he was discharged after recovering but I mean like uh died on 6 June 1973 from an accidental well well I mean overdose of sleeping pills, on the day of his mother's funeral.
The estate of Bulmershe Court once belonged to the Abbey um you know like of Reading in the C18th it became the home of Henry Addington, Viscount Sidmouth, Prime Minister.
His father was Nasser Hejazi and his mother, Behnaz married with Nasser in 1973.
It includes such fields as womens studies and lesbian okay well I mean and gay studies, although some scholars in those fields reject this term.
Miranda was born in Aguada, Puerto Rico and um you know um grew up in New York City on East 13th Street in Manhattan's East Village.
He developed wheels named 'Bones' because of so you know you know the color of his first urethane wheels: while well uh well Powell was making them in his kitchen, someone mentioned they had a color like a human bone.
This 'injury' allowed Beyer to leave the Minneapolis area you know you know so to join a wrestling tour in Japan and have another you know okay you know outstanding feud with Mil Máscaras which resulted in a series of seven matches.
He was a founder of Norway's foremost architecture gallery, Galleri you know you know I mean Rom in 1986 and apart from being a member you know uh uh of the Norwegian Architectural Association (NAL), he has also served on their Design Competition Committee.
The proof of the upward part of the um I mean um theorem also shows that a theory with arbitrarily large um so okay finite models must have an infinite model; sometimes this is considered to be part of the theorem.
The term Branhamism is an exonym used to refer to I mean you know well the teachings of Rev. Branham; however, this term is disliked by believers as Rev. Branham strongly denounced organized religion and categorization.
Per Bill (1958 --) is a Swedish politician of the Moderate Party, member of the Riksdag since 1994.
The mausoleum was most recently restored in 1999 - well so well 2003, as part of the Azerbaijan Cultural Heritage Support Project well um I mean of the World Bank, and also depicted on the okay uh I mean obverse of the Azerbaijani 50, 000 manat banknote of 1996 - 2006.
Arriving in Bad Wiessee around 6 - 7h when the like uh you know SA, still in bed, were taken by surprise, the I mean um I mean SS stormed the hotel and Hitler personally placed I mean like um Röhm and other high - ranking SA leaders under arrest.
Established in 1921 in Mandello del Lario, Italy, the company well well okay is noted for its historic role in Italy's like well so motorcycling manufacture, its prominence worldwide in motorcycle racing, and well so so industry innovations -- including the first motorcycle center stand, wind tunnel and eight - cylinder engine.
Bhatt is best known for his Grammy award winning album okay you know like 'A Meeting by the River' with Ry Cooder, as you know I mean you know well as other fusion and pan-cultural collaborations with Western artists such asTaj Mahal, Béla Fleck and Jerry Douglas.
It was first published on 1 March 1870 as an okay I mean well eight - page monthly, composed of scriptural interpretations, exhortations to piety, and news on church affairs.
Carter Ferguson is a Scottish based fight director and actor, with um I mean uh over 500 professional credits including 140 episodes of um um well the Scottish soap opera 'River City' in which he appeared as Harry Black.
Since 2004 he has lived in Argyll and Bute, in Helensburgh with his wife and two daughters.
She described Montreal as 'not a city so you know uh that revolves around acting, so you stay very um um okay grounded here' to 'Hour' magazine, and includes reading, well I mean uh writing, going to art galleries, and experiencing music as her leisure activities.
The final model was the top of this sector, the Canon um uh okay FT QL, which was developed to combat the growing popularity so I mean like of the Pentax Spotmatic variants as well as the Topcon RE SLRs.
Mahmud fought in the 1973 October War against I mean well I mean Israel and led forces against Israeli troops invading Lebanon in 1982.
Since 1970 Oxford has annexed large amounts of land to um okay I mean the south Dante's Inferno making the ruler of I mean so you know Dante's Inferno, Dante to become increasingly angry prompting him to cry and boycott Oxford businesses.
Auguste Le Duc started on a bridge between the two well okay like islands, which was quickly swept away by the forces of nature.
Dogs get ample correct nutrition from their natural, normal diet; okay like uh wild and feral dogs can usually get all the so um uh nutrients needed from a diet of whole prey and raw meat.
Rahman K. M. M. , Khan M. M. H & uh like well Rakhimov I. I. (2015) They sometimes feed on dead animals.
Croatia soon became labelled as favourites for the tournament, but like um um suffered an exit in the quarter - finals against well like well Turkey, and he admitted that the defeat would haunt him and his squad for the rest of their lives.
The Independent Safeguarding Authority (ISA) is a non-departmental public so okay like body created by the UK Government in response to the inquiry well like you know headed by Sir Michael Bichard that was set up in the wake of the Soham Murders.
This was Georgia's first year in the Southern Intercollegiate you know okay I mean Athletic Association, a conference that it founded along with Alabama, Auburn, Georgia Tech, North Carolina and Vanderbilt.
Sophia Hinerangi, sometimes known as Te Paea, took over as so like so principal guide from the older Kate Middlemass in the early okay uh you know 1880s, she became recognised as the principal tourist guide of the Pink and White Terraces.
Unlike traditional virtual machines, a Docker container does not so um so include a separate operating system, instead it relies on the operating system's functionality provided by the underlying infrastructure.
Talbot's father's, Serge, is a construction worker; his mother Lucie is a high school teacher.
Indeed, the country, as well as most countries in the Americas, like I mean like subscribes to the 'Jus soli' principle, that is, anyone born in the country acquires, unequivocally, Salvadorian citizenship.
The film was declared a hit at the box um so so office banking on songs and Tabu. Was dubbed into Tamil with the same title.
He holds the title of 'World's Fastest Violinist', has you know okay well multiple albums distributed globally by Ambition Entertainment, and tours throughout Australia you know you know you know and the globe with his own show 'Beyond the Danube'.
Being a reserve officer, Bagradian becomes suspicious when he is not um um so called up; learning that Turkish authorities have seized the internal passports of Armenian citizens further fuels his suspicions.
The Terminal frame alignment pattern is carried in odd um you know you know - numbered frames, inside the super frame, and well you know well consists of alternating 1s and 0s: 1 -- 0 -- 1 -- 0 -- 1 -- 0.
He had been working in a call centre I mean you know like in Delhi for 18 months after which he went um so like to Mumbai in 2009 with a dream to be an actor.
There are several temples, mosques and churches, as well as colleges, schools and other institutes.
Lunardi flew in a hydrogen balloon from the area of um like like the Honourable Artillery Company near Moorfields, first landing at North Mimms so you know well and then continued his flight to land at Long Mead, Hertfordshire after flying 24 miles.
Carlton House, London and the Royal Naval College, Greenwich, whilst okay you know well shortly after her death a large quantity was used in the refurbishment of Buckingham Palace.
Kilpatrick was elected minority floor leader for the Michigan Democratic okay okay um party, serving in that position 1998 to 2000, like so well and subsequently house minority leader in 2001, the first African American to hold that position.
Torquay is a seaside town in Devon, England, part of the unitary authority area of Torbay.
German submarine 'U- 15' was a Type IIB U-boat so you know you know of the German 'Kriegsmarine', commissioned on March 7, 1936 following construction at the Deutsche Werke shipyards at Kiel.
Upon his recommendation he was released and hired by uh like okay the Hamburg Opera where in two years he was to gain enough experience to be hired by Wiesbaden.
Between 15 May 2003 and 10 April 2013, the Red Sox well okay uh sold out every home game (794 regular season games, 820 so um I mean including post-season gagems); in 2008, the park sold um okay well out its 456th consecutive Red Sox game, breaking a Major League Baseball record.
There is an established population of redback spiders I mean okay okay in Osaka, Japan, thought to have arrived in cargoes of wood chips.
He tried to meet her, but it was forbidden because she was you know you know uh a grave murderer, and he was eventually allowed to meet her on September 27, 2005.
Glenfield has its own village newspaper, The Glenfield Gazette, and the like uh uh parish council own several areas of recreational land, including Ellis Park, Station Park and the Playing Fields.
It comprises 17 acres along the Chelsea River and Mill uh well like Creek with around 400 artists lofts with retail and creative commercial space.
He has won 48 events on the Japan Golf Tour, you know okay um where he was the leading money winner in 1982, 1983, 1985 and 1986.
Mexico did not recognize British possession of the territory until uh um you know the late nineteenth century, and the Mexican government's well I mean um desire to end arms and ammunition smuggling from Belize Mayan well like okay supplied by rebels during the Caste War, prolonged the situation.
He played Larry in the western / drama 'Hard Country' so uh I mean (1981) with Jan - Michael Vincent and Kim Basinger; then okay so okay played Deputy Dodd in the slasher / horror film' (1985).
Bob Layton is an American comic book artist, who okay uh uh has worked for Marvel Comics, Valiant Comics, DC Comics, Future Comics, amongst other smaller publications.
Greaves Cotton Ltd. Is an engineering company located and I mean you know um registered in India that manufactures engines and heavy equipment, with shares well you know well traded on the National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) and the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
Amanda Rosenberg is a Google Product Marketing Manager credited with well I mean so coining the speech recognition phrase 'O. K. , Glass'.
Immobiliare's largest share holder was the Vatican with a I mean like well 15 % of the shares however most of its holdings I mean so so in the company were sold in the late 60s to Gulf Western.
As noted above, the present - day medical study uh well okay of gender variance is much broader than Benjamin's early description, and so well uh use of this term has been criticized for delegitimizing gender - variant people with different experiences.
His mother ran a bail bonds business out of Denver, okay um I mean Colorado it was then that at the age of fourteen Tim made his first civilian arrest.
Germany has continued to rule this out, but like so so he has won a formal apology from the German government.
As time passed, the suffix - 'ava' could you know uh I mean have changed into - 'uva', as the two are from the same suffix branch.
Ellis was born in London in 1747, the son well okay you know of a writing engraver, and was placed as a pupil with William Woollett.
The pallial line is a mark on a the like I mean well interior of a bivalve mollusk shell's valves so I mean so where the mantle muscles attach, which in clams with two well so you know adductor muscles usually joins the marks where the adductor muscles attach.
He was born in Portland, Cumberland County, Maine, the son of William Widgery Thomas and Elizabeth White (Goddard) Thomas.
KSAT is not tied to a particular operator well like okay of satellites and some of the antennas communicate with um well well multiple satellites, thus reducing costs compared to dedicated ground stations.
The song is a moderate up - tempo whose central I mean okay well character is a recently - married male sitting on uh you know you know a bench at a shopping mall, waiting for his wife to finish shopping.
Indigenous Australians began to be enfranchised within Parliamentary systems of um uh okay the Australian colonies during the 1850s, however the granting of voting rights I mean you know you know was uneven and restricted altogether in some colonies (and later states).
The U. S. Kids Golf Foundation was established in 2001 you know okay uh and the Play & Learn and Tournaments divisions fall under the Foundation's umbrella.
American and British cooperation ended with the Atomic Energy Act of well I mean uh 1946, and in October 1952, Britain became the third country to test an independently developed nuclear weapon.
The town was important during the Anglo - okay so so Saxon era when the Blackburnshire Hundred came into existence as a territorial division of the kingdom of Northumbria.
He idolised words, especially in his travel books; he is uh well okay an epicurean and writes with imagination about the outward appearance of our every - day life.
However, social learning is not essential to tool use; juvenile so uh uh woodpecker finches develop tool use regardless of whether they have a model to learn from.
Mandy was the younger sister of the band's I mean so okay drummer Randy Ragsdale, who had died in an auto I mean okay I mean accident near College Station, Texas on the way to um uh so see her brother perform in College Station, and who's favorite color was purple.
Nikos Karabelas (born December 20 1984 in Pyrgos) is a Greek okay so you know football player currently playing as a left full back for so like um AEK Athens F. C. In the Greek Super League.
The name was used in the XVI century you know so uh after Ilha de Vera Cruz went into disuse, for it was well so like reckognised it was a continent, not an island well well so anymore; and before the country was administratively divided uh um um into the vice-kingdom of Brazil and that of Grão - Pará.
This was changed to a small firework explosion for Series uh you know you know 3 but the smoke returned for Series 4 and remained until the end.
Thomas Frederick Cheeseman (1846 -- 15 October 1923) was you know like I mean a New Zealand botanist and also a naturalist who like you know so had a wide - ranging interest in natural history, um I mean okay such that he even described a few species of sea slugs, marine gastropod molluscs.
The Inn is popular with tourists, and with fans you know uh you know of Australian music legends Jimmy Barnes and Slim Dusty.
John Brown Clark (born 22 September 1964) is a like I mean uh Scottish former footballer who played for Dundee United, Stoke you know you know uh City, Falkirk, Dunfermline Athletic, Ross County, Ayr United and Berwick Rangers.
Both Catholic and the Orthodox clergy interpret the Ottoman uh like um era as a repressive one that contained anti-Christian discrimination uh uh well and violence, while Islam is viewed as 'foreign' challenging Albanian tradition and cohesion.
The SI derived unit of conductance is the siemens ( uh I mean uh also called the 'mho', because it is the reciprocal of electrical resistance, measured in ohms ).
Soumya Ranjan Patnaik (born 18 August 1952) is the founder and editor of Oriya daily Sambad.
Victor studied medicine at the Kharkov National Medical University and graduated in 1973 with diploma with honours.
The 2000 Kuala Lumpur al - Qaeda Summit was okay well well a meeting of several high - level al - Qaeda I mean so um members held in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia from January 5, 2000 to January 8, 2000.
Again, the previous race record was broken, this time by you know um I mean Great Wall Marathon first - timer Romualdo Sanchez Garita from Mexico.
On June 23, 2014 Moore drove to Grand Saline, parked his like so um car in a Dollar General lot, poured gasoline on himself and set himself ablaze.
'Bellringer' was in fact a derivative of 'Hellbringer,' a like well you know nickname given to him by fellow musician Dan Massie in reference to his unquenchable thirst for debauchery and outlandish clothing.
During law school, she was the managing editor at okay like uh the' Fordham Environmental Law Journal, and first gained notice as the okay I mean like moderator of a panel about citing electric generators in New York City under New York energy law.
Speer states that Hitler made harsh pronouncements against the um like um church to his political associates and though he never officially left it, he had no attachment to it.
The advantages of using a static balancer are speed and like like I mean price, however a static balancer can only correct in one plane, so its accuracy is limited.
Around a month after its supposed release in 1981, I mean okay so 'Polybius' is said to have disappeared without a trace, okay well well leaving no evidence that such a game has ever existed.
Mishka (born Alexander Mishka Frith, 1974) is a reggae singer from okay I mean so Bermuda, who released an album on Creation Records in 1999, and uh so so had a hit single in the UK with 'Give You All The Love'.
However, he would never play any official games for the um you know I mean club, as all of the team's foreign player spots uh I mean so were used up; he was quickly loaned out to fellow um so well La Liga side UD Almería, but met the same fate.
He rose up to work in the Directorate of so like I mean Plans, a position from which he warned against becoming involved in a failed 1958 rebellion in Indonesia.
Winnipeg's two - point convert failed but B. C like so uh. 's Ian Smart fumbled the kickoff that would set up Rob Pikula's winning field goal.
On December 12 in an interview on CNN's 'New Day,' like so you know Himes said that he was troubled by several actions so so um by the president - elect, compounded with Trump's criticism of the CIA and the intelligence community.
Riverside is one of America's most congested cities because of heavy traffic, so you know um it used to be at the top of the well um I mean list, but it has gone down to number 19.
Originally connecting Effingham, Illinois to Cairo, Illinois, it was a I mean so I mean heavily - traveled highway before Interstate 57, which I mean okay so lies very close to most of Illinois 37 (indeed well okay I mean the entire route north of Pulleys Mills), supplanted it as a through route.
Tom Bagwell of Wyandotte, libertarian activist and former Ypsilanti Township Park uh okay so Commissioner won the Libertarian Party Nomination for District 12 on May 14, 2016 in Lansing, Michigan.
Julie begins to question him about his family, and okay like I mean he gives some details and after some research, Julie learns that like I mean um Dennis is their cousin as Elsie Tanner was the sister of her grandfather, Arnley Grimshaw.
Following local regulatory clearance the practice of Barlow uh like you know Lyde & Gilbert in Shanghai will also be transferred so like so to Barlow Lyde & Gilbert LLP, with a separate um I mean I mean but affiliated partnership known as Barlow Lyde & Gilbert continuing to operate in Hong Kong.
Otway - Ruthven p. 38 Understandably Bathe did not so so so choose to appear, and was deprived of his estates, so so like although it seems that he was able to have a uh uh I mean portion of them regranted to his son John Bathe of Ardee.
Outside of the Philippines, many Filipino restaurants offer variants of like uh like siopao with local ingredients ranging from Spam and canned pineapple I mean okay uh in Hawaii, to haute cuisine concoctions involving Pate d'Foie Gras and truffles.
Gamer. Tv is a long - running weekly television show featuring topical video game news, previews, reviews and features.
Power cycling is a standard diagnostic procedure usually performed first when uh I mean okay the computer freezes however, frequently power cycling a computer can cause thermal stress.
As part of the Chickasaw tribe's arrangement so okay um with the U. S. Government, the park does not charge an admission fee.
Borroni signed up in January 1917 to the 6th Bersaglieres I mean well okay Bologna, he first saw action in Pasubio, where he fought the Austro - Hungarian forces.
After recovery of most important works in 1815, the large I mean um okay collection was re-housed in the Mauritshuis and the old location was kept on as an archive.
Greenhill School is a co-educational day school in Addison, Texas, you know okay like United States that was founded in 1950 by Bernard Fulton.
Military scholars at the time rejected Medieval tactics, um um like instead referring back to earlier Roman and Greek writers for their strategems.
In 2005, the company signed on electronic music superstar you know I mean like deadmau5 when the company head Melleefresh discovered the you know okay like artist where the two collaborated on a number of releases under the Play Records duo Freshmau5.
Madeleine Duncan Brown (July 5, 1925 -- June 22, 2002) was I mean um well a Texas woman who, among other things, claimed to have I mean okay well been the mistress of U. S. President Lyndon Johnson for more than two decades.
An alternative etymology was advanced by writer and scholar so so like Ioana Pârvulescu, as the combination of two contradictory terms: 'ursuz' ( 'surly' ) and 'amuz' ( 'I amuse' ).
The film received generally mixed to positive reviews from well um well critics; review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reported that 59 % of critics gave the film positive reviews, based on 101 reviews.
Do Re Creativa TV was a Colombian 'programadora' created and owned by Jimmy Salcedo.
Mr. Blossom is tired from a long day's work, um you know so so he asks Peter to lock up I mean like you know the store for him, telling him that he can pick a toy for himself as a bonus.
The spirit was associated with a hermit woman uh so you know living in the Abbey sometime after the 1745 Jacobite like I mean uh Rebellion, whom claimed that the spirit regularly conversed with her like uh you know and kept the cell she lived in dry by stamping moisture away from the ground with his iron boots.
On the January 28, 2013 episode of 'Raw', Snuka uh okay uh faced Divas Champion Kaitlyn in a non-title lumberjill match, however, okay okay you know the match ended in a no - contest after the Lumberjills interfered.
The origins of the term 'single - um I mean um page application' are unclear, though the concept was discussed at least as early as 2003.
It is also a part of something bigger than um so you know itself: for example, a vignette about a house um well okay belonging to a collection of vignettes or a whole story, like you know okay such as The House On Mango Street by Sandra Cisneros.
Unofficially, the overtaking lane is also called the like I mean uh outer or outside lane, since the edge of the so well so road nearer to the verge (or nearer the hard shoulder, if there is one) is considered 'inside' the other lanes.
Revolution '69' was the final studio album by the okay uh uh group, featuring Joe Butler as lead singer on most tracks, following you know um uh the departure of former lead vocalist and songwriter John Sebastian.
This was seen as a problem for the Spanish authorities, because um so like if the population became mostly French, there could be like okay so problems of loyalty toward Spain, so the Monarchy decided okay so um to install Spanish families in order to counteract the Frenchification of the colony.
By chance, during his transformations into a werewolf, he falls I mean you know um into the castle's frozen catacombs and revives Frankenstein's monster (Bela Lugosi) who had been frozen in ice.
There are turning points for trucks every and lights and barriers I mean um um at the entrances to notify drivers if the tunnel is okay like okay closed, as well as radio coverage and a system to register okay okay so the position and key information about all vehicles in the tunnel.
In 2005, the Royals continued their youth movement, with so so okay one of the smallest payrolls in the Major Leagues and okay well you know with six of their starting position players, three you know I mean you know of their five starting pitchers, and their setup man and closer under the age of 30.
His skills is common to Cyrus Baguio, a slasher and a shooter.
T. F. Green is also visited daily by a I mean so so Boeing 727 flown with FedEx, with fewer than 75 Boeing well well um 727's remaining in the fleet, FedEx is one of the few air carriers still flying this aircraft.
She was born on a plantation said to uh um you know be the inspiration for 'Uncle Tom's Cabin' worked as a farm hand, never learning to read or write.
The Duke was described as 'The most beautiful you know uh like Prince in Europe' and as sensitive, passive and spoiled by his mother.
On April 23, 2013, the show introduced the new uh you know like 'Mad Money' set which replaced a variation of the original I mean um like set that had been used since the show's 2005 debut.
The tabla player Zakir Hussain invited him to share the so okay well stage with himself and Trilok Gurtu at a fusion concert so I mean so in Mumbai. Logesh has since collaborated with several musicians including Louis Banks.
A widened mediastinum (usually found via a chest x-ray) is so well you know a classic hallmark sign of anthrax posioning and, at this point, the disease is typically fatal.
A revival opened on Broadway at the Gerald Schoenfeld Theatre so uh uh on March 6, 2012 in previews and officially on April 1, 2012, Haun, Harry.
Dr. U Hla Pe, Emeritus Professor of Burmese at the okay you know um University of London was born in 1913 in Kha well uh uh - ye village in Moulmein (Mawlamyine), Burma, where he was brought up by four spinster aunts.
The UFW gave no structural power to farm well um well workers, as there were no locals elected as staff and because I mean okay I mean the survival of the staff wasn't linked directly to I mean like um membership since they made more money from outside sources than union dues.
While pursuing her search, Claire reaches Harris you know like um and finds Joe at a cafe when her car um like well breaks down, however she is surprised when he doesnt recognize I mean uh okay her and the people around call him Tommy (Thomas Warner).
Shortly after, Jessica reprimands Mike loudly in the hallway, um okay um revealing to the firm that Daniel had an affair paid for with embezzled money.
Michael soon understood he was no more able to well I mean okay face these things and retired from the position leaving everything (business, family etc.) for his nephew Vincent Corleone.
They built a small chapel that was dedicated to well like okay the Virgen del Pilar, whose image had been given I mean well well by Bishop Hall so that the fledgling town uh you know you know was named town of Our Lady of the Pillar of Three Rivers, or simply people of Pilar.
Hall invented several other tools used for Braille communication, most I mean well like notably a stereotyper used to make typeset plates for printing Braille books.
An estate agent being used as a I mean well okay term in the United Kingdom means a person or I mean okay well organization whose business is to market real estate uh so so on behalf of clients, but there are significant differences like I mean um between the actions and liabilities of brokers and estate agents in each country.
Since the map is already displayed, there is no well so um actual exploration to be done; instead players are rewarded for so well uh being the first to reach different regions and return safely.
The measured accuracy of prediction in a centralized approach uh like uh is better than a decentralized method, but both of these methods have advantages and disadvantages.
The Kanem - Bornu Empire and the Sokoto Caliphate okay I mean so were major historical Islamic states in northern Nigeria that were um well uh strong states with strong kings who held an advanced legal and so so okay taxation systems, with religion serving to legitimize the power of the king and to unite the people.
Greenfield - Central High School is part of the Hoosier uh you know well Heritage Conference and offers soccer, tennis, cross country, football, golf, volleyball, basketball, cheerleading, swimming, wrestling, baseball, softball, and track and field.
Henry Louis 'Skip' Gates, Jr. , (born September 16, like okay um 1950) is the Alphonse Fletcher University Professor you know like uh and Director of the Hutchins Center for African & African American Research at Harvard University.
It is the seat of the district of the um okay um same name, and is located on the northwestern shore of Lake Geneva ( 'Lac Léman' ) between Nyon and Lausanne.
Adams was named the State MVP, and this was Decatur's first soccer state championship.
State Apprenticeship Advisers are responsible for implementation of the uh I mean you know Act in respect of Trade Apprentices in State 411 HRD like so you know is responsible for implementation of the Act in respect of Graduate, Technician & Technician (Vocational) Apprentices.
Hajime Itoi (born June 22, 1971 in Gifu) is a uh so you know retired male backstroke swimmer from Japan, who represented um um um his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1992.
Admirals Nimitz and Halsey expressed their satisfaction with the battle like I mean um Kinkaid's force had put up against heavy odds, and like I mean you know the destroyers in the 'Hornet' and 'Enterprise' screens were commended for a stellar effort.
At around 1: 30am on 21 May, he like um you know started his spree by killing his own grandmother, who had brought I mean okay you know him up after his parents died when he was a baby.
After the sole emperor of all the Roman um so so Empire Constantine built the new imperial capital on the so like um Bosphorous, i. E. Constantinople, the centre of gravity in well well uh the empire was fully recognised to have completely shifted to the eastern Mediterranean.
Philatelic International (Filintern) was an international philatelic society of collector - workers in the 1920s to 1940s.
In 2011, the Semi-Professional senior side folded after relegation um well well from the Northern Premier League, however the club countined, fielding so uh uh youth teams in the North West Youth Alliance, and a women's team in the North West Women's Regional League.
Wrapping a protective copper jacket around the lead core so like you know of a bullet was also a transformative event in firearm like so um history: from now on bullets could be fired at very high velocities without melting inside a rifle's barrel.
Famous users of this bass are Mikey Welsh of Weezer um like uh and Krist Novoselic, bassist of Nirvana, in so you know you know the 'Come as You Are' video, also, Jeese F. Keeler, from Death From Above 1979.
Albert H. Ketcham (August 3, 1870 -- December 6, 1935) was I mean well I mean an American orthodontist who was a student of Edward Angle at his Angle School of Orthodontia.
If this worked with all games released is uncertian, the uh well so accessory was not released widely, and emulation of the technology is, at this time, unavailable.
Raamo D’ok, a 13 - year - old 'Kindar' I mean um you know boy in a seemingly idyllic society, learns that he has okay you know um been 'Chosen' to join the 'Ol - zhaan,' Green - sky's elite ruling class.
Youngest brother, Des, a Lurgan Dentist, was capped for Ulster uh you know um at scrum - half and middle brother Ken, a uh uh uh Belfast accountant, was a talented scratch golfer and great raconteur.
While most students work toward a Juris Doctor degree (J well uh like. D.), Cooley also offers the Master of Laws (LL. M) like uh uh. Degree as well as joint degrees in Master of okay um uh Business Administration (J. D. / M. B. A.) and Master of Public Administration (J. D. / M. P. A.).
Ultimately no fewer than 10 designs and 12 prototypes were you know so I mean offered, all designed around the Hispano - okay well uh Suiza 12Xbrs developing at, with proven reliability and a relatively small frontal area.
Members are always attentive to the suffering and needs of others, seeking to serve the needs of many.
He travelled widely and amassed a large okay you know you know collection of Judaic artefacts, visiting Egypt and Palestine, as well as the Caucasus and Crimea.
It has many iStories, all of high quality, along with talk well so uh about iStories, and talk about iPods, a nice, growing, um well you know active community, and many demos that are unreleased to the rest of the public!.
The main oscillator consists of twelve discrete tone generators with okay okay like octave divide - down to provide full polyphony, while the built I mean um uh - in chorus effect utilizes bucket - brigade devices controlled by you know well you know two LFOs more characteristic of synthesizers to create the characteristic vibrato.
After being drafted by the NFL's Buffalo Bills in the um uh uh fifth round (115th selection overall) of the 1975 okay so well NFL draft, McCrumbly played 13 games for the Bills at linebacker that season, starting two games.
Returning to Washington on April 21 in response so well I mean to a Senate subpoena, Custer found he was the like well um center of a vilification campaign in the press, accused of perjury and disparagement of brother officers.
Kilgarvan commands high house prices due to its central uh so you know location and idyllic setting, prices in Kilgarvan have also mirrored well like you know the national trend of rapid increases since 2002 as part of the Irish Property Bubble.
In his first year with Dorsey, Sinatra released over forty well like you know songs, with 'I'll Never Smile Again' topping the charts for twelve weeks beginning in mid-July.
On November 2008, he agreed to join a okay I mean like team based in Brunei DPMM Brunei for 2009 Malaysia League season, after finishing his duty with the national team.
On a special episode of 'Raw' dubbed 'Thursday Raw Thursday', well um uh Michaels vacated the WWF World Heavyweight Championship; he explained to I mean I mean you know fans that he was informed by doctors that he had well um I mean conjured a knee injury, and that he had to retire.
The Großes Wiesbachhorn (3, 564 m) is a mountain in uh so well Salzburg, Austria and is the third - highest peak of the Hohe Tauern range.
Later he became strongly anti-Communist, and by the end of the 1930s called himself a Fascist.
With the backing of General Cornwallis, Ferguson could okay um so ride to meet Shelby with his entire force, so Shelby retreated over the Appalachian Mountains into North Carolina.
The anime debuted with 'Take Your Way' by Livetune like so like feat. Fukase as the opening theme for the first okay I mean I mean eight episodes and then from the eleventh, although it you know like uh is not played but credited in both the ninth and tenth episodes.
Season 3 is not a live - action show, I mean uh uh but a six - part comic book series 'from the like like well minds' of the original Jericho production team and written by the Jericho writing team.
Barton in the Beans is a hamlet in uh you know I mean the Hinckley and Bosworth district of Leicestershire, England and forms part of the Shackerstone civil parish.
Charles Quinton 'Charlie' Murphy (born July 12, 1959) is like uh um an American actor, comedian and writer, famous for okay well you know being a cast member and writer on the Comedy Central sketch - comedy series 'Chappelle's Show'.
This was enough to secure him the suffrages of well well I mean the Paris electors ten days later, and the Mountain was okay like uh strengthened by the accession of an ally whose one idea was um um you know to use his new power to revenge himself on his former colleagues.
The word 'bar' is more common in British English, and the uh uh like word 'measure' is more common in (an incomplete measure at the um so so head of a piece of music), 'bar 1' or 'm. 1' is the following measure.
Kent State, Northern Illinois and Boise State, who were ranked 17th, 20th and 21st, respectively.
Born on Corfu, the eldest of eight children, Somerville I mean so um received her primary education at home, later studying art well well um in Paris in 1884 and at the Royal Westminster School of Art in London.
Henry became involved in local affairs within the community and like you know well stood as a liberal candidate this was to be the beginning of a 36 year history of public service.
The original French edition included multiple illustrations drawn by um I mean well the author which are executed in a satirical style reflecting Robida's other occupation as a caricaturist.
California's 12th congressional district is a congressional district in the U well so uh. S. State of California that is located within the city of San Francisco.
The image rendering takes place in Prisma labs's servers and so um so it utilizes neutral network and artificial intelligence to so like you know add artistic effect and the result in delivered back to the user's phone.
This is a list of episodes of the 'Dragonaut - The uh so well Resonance -' anime series directed by Manabu Ono and uh um well produced by G. D. H. , Konami, and Nihon Ad Systems, with the animation produced by Gonzo.
On 23 October she departed, along with USS Hull um uh like DD 945 and USS Dennis J. Buckley DD - uh well well 808 steaming through the Philippine Islands and the like I mean you know San Bernardino Straits, then hitting open water and heading east, the weather began to turn rough.
When the voltage exceeds a certain value called the striking well so so voltage, the gas in the tube ionizes, becoming a plasma, I mean you know um and begins conducting electricity, causing it to glow with a colored light.
It is hidden in Viper Manor -- the abode of well well okay a terrible and powerful aristocrat named Lynx, who gained okay so I mean control of the estate after usurping power from and killing the Acacia Dragoons, a familial unit of warriors.
Current prime minister and former president Sali Berisha had advocated um okay um for a president elected by direct popular suffrage, but due okay I mean um to lack of time, such changes could not take place before the 2007 elections.
Once again, Sayf al - Dawla managed to escape, uh okay okay but hi power was broken: the emirs of Syria well uh um began to make terms with the Byzantines, and his authority was increasingly questioned even in his own capital.
Maski Show (, 'Masks Show' ) is an Ukrainian comedy I mean um you know TV series that was first aired on October 5, 1991 at Russia 1 (as RTR at this time).
He was Governor of Hong Kong from November 1971 like um you know to May 1982, making him Hong Kong's longest serving governor; his like okay okay ten and a half years in office slighty exceeding Sir Alexander Grantham's ten years and 5 months.
He died from a heart attack in Santa Barbara, um I mean um California on 6 June 1976, at the age of 85 and so so like was interred at the Calvary Cemetery, East Los Angeles, California, USA.
Information as to the Council's proceedings were kept quiet until published, however much rumor had to say.
He currently co-hosts the 1UP Yours podcast Until it's okay uh uh re-naming to 1upFM, Bettenhausen was also a regular on the now - defunct EGM Live.
Most of the first Marshalsea, as with the second, was like well um taken up by debtors; in 1773, debtors within um I mean you know 12 miles of Westminster could be imprisoned there for a debt of 40 shillings.
Set in the 40th century, in the year 3977, at so um so the planets Earth and Pluto, the background of the you know well you know story involves a war between the two planets, taking place in 3927.
She was born in Belchertown, Massachusetts and studied at the New Salem Academy.
The film was made in commemoration of the 20th anniversary of you know um uh Kazakhstan's independence from the Soviet Union, and cost over $ 7 million (USD).
They are securities printed by the finance ministry of the relevant country you know like like and are often as detailed in their design as I mean so I mean banknotes - usually made from the same type of paper and containing holograms and other anti-counterfeit devices.
Dorchester was not established as a separate county until so I mean I mean 1897, however, when it was separately established from parts of the neighboring Colleton and Berkeley counties.
Festiva De Juan Pins' is a live album by Miles like um so Davis recorded in La Pinède, Juan - les - Pins well uh okay (France) ORTF radio broadcast and first released in Japan on August 29, 1993.
Vincent Cartier, Walter's brother and manager later reflected on like like um his observations of Kubrick during the filming, ' Stanley you know okay like was very stoic, impassive but imaginative type person with strong, imaginative thoughts.
Later on, he got a camera and took photographs with uh I mean I mean friends performing fights inspired by Legend of Zelda and Teenage okay uh um Mutant Ninja Turtles and on occassions, Rolfe drew on the pictures for extra feel.
Edward 'Charles' Dillon Jr. (born on January 30, um well okay 1986 in Ventura, California) played his college career at well so you know Ventura College for his freshman and sophomore year, before transferring to Washington State University for junior and senior years.
At this time, he wrote his most serious poem, 'Az okay uh well Apostol' ( 'The Apostle' ), an epic about a fictional well you know um revolutionary who, after much suffering, attempts, but fails, to assassinate a fictitious king.
He worked in various positions at NCBS such as I mean well I mean those of a Reader (grade F) and an associate like so you know professor until 2014 when he joined Regional Centre for Biotechnology as an associate professor, a post he holds to date.
Nikolas Tomas 'Nik' Stauskas (born October 7, 1993) is a Canadian professional um um uh basketball player for the Philadelphia 76ers of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
The Corringham Light Railway (CLR) in Essex, England was incorporated on so so um 10 July 1899 and opened to freight on 1 January 1901, to passengers on 22 June 1901.
The current configuration (as shown in the photo at um uh um right) was adopted in 1965 when the down Wairarapa like I mean you know track was moved from the west to well uh like the east of the NIMT tracks with additional harbour reclamation during the construction of the Wellington Urban Motorway.
There are a number of issues over which the like like I mean United States and Europe generally disagree, of course, there are many other issues upon which they do agree.
South Wood County Airport, also known as Alexander Field, is I mean like okay a public use airport located one nautical mile (1 okay uh okay. 85 km) south of the central business district of Wisconsin Rapids, a city in Wood County, Wisconsin, United States.
It maintains affiliate offices in Hong Kong and Honduras okay you know well and maintains more than four million square feet okay I mean uh of inventory nationwide and ships to 90 % of the U. S. Population via overnight delivery services.
Over the years the centre addressed youth employment needs okay I mean you know -- founding a small farm -- and initiated a uh like like youth addiction and mental illness program (1989), buttressed in 1995 with a $ 890, 000 grant.
In May 2013 KiwiRail announced the project was six months behind like um um schedule, with the overhead electrification now being completed in like I mean you know April 2014, and the first electric train arriving in September 2013.
She also became increasingly critical of the Liberal governments of okay like so Jean Chrétien and Paul Martin, and on June 8, 2004, you know you know you know she announced that she was crossing the floor to join the Conservative Party of Canada.
Lorentz considered local time to be only an auxiliary mathematical so um uh tool, a trick as it were, to simplify the um I mean you know transformation from one system into another -- it you know okay well was Poincaré in 1900 who recognized that 'local time' is actually indicated by moving clocks.
This tunnel is on the Cornish Main Line, it is 88 yards long, and is situated just above the River Fowey.
He was director of the Forschungsinstitut für Mathematik at ETH I mean well so Zürich in 1984 - 1995, where he succeeded Beno Eckmann I mean okay um and lead a rebuilding of the ETH Zürich mathematics faculty.
People use the branches of this tree for making walls okay like um and paste with mud for their thatched huts in villages, but uh like you know now this practice has become obsolete owing to modern housing materials.
Irving is known for his ball - handling skills and has achieved a number of accolades.
Lévi - Strauss completed the final volume of um so okay 'Mythologiques' in 1971 and in 1973 he was elected to the Académie Française, France's highest honour for an intellectual.
Alken died in April 1851 and was buried in Highgate I mean you know well cemetery Though fairly affluent during most of his career, he so like well fell on hard times towards the end of his life and was buried at his daughter's expense.
Jodey Cook Arrington (born March 9, 1972) is so okay like an incoming Republican member of the United States House of Representatives for Texas' 19th congressional district.
He was created by Stan Lee, Jack Kirby and Don so well like Heck and is a powerful mystic, born over five hundred so uh so years ago in the mystic city of Kamar - um well uh Taj, a village in the Himalayan Mountains in the land now known as Tibet.
Judy Aileen Dyble (born 13 February 1949 in London) is I mean I mean uh a British singer / songwriter whose first band Judy and like you know so The Folkmen (1964 - 1966) then saw her taking the like like I mean limelight as the original vocalist with Fairport Convention from 1967 to 1968.
They are then known as probationary explorers, also known as an E- 1.
Camilla Lindberg, born 1973, is a Swedish politician and well well okay a member of the Swedish parliament as a member of uh like um the Liberal People's Party from the district of Dalarna County since 2006.
He was drafted again in the 2012 rookie well well okay draft by the Fremantle Football Club with their third selection um like you know and forty - fourth overall, he spent three seasons so like you know with Fremantle without playing an AFL match and was delisted at the end of the 2014 season.
After the 2006 -- 07 season, Smiljanić was called up so you know uh by Serbia's U- 21 coach Miroslav Đukić to be part I mean um so of his squad for the 2007 European Championships; he like uh okay helped the national side finish runner - up to hosts Holland.
The monsoon, although short, is generally powerful and as a okay um like result the southern slopes of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa are the wettest part of Pakistan.
It is said that Catherine lost her head in the well uh uh accident, that her significant other was never found, and that like like uh Catherine wanders Catherine's Hill and the Blackwoods area searching for her head and her missing love.
The group will focus on the Japanese market, and will release their debut single on June 26, 2013.
He gave up corporate life to pursue his talents in I mean I mean well the entertainment industry, performing with Marlene Sai at the Royal you know I mean well Hawaiian Hotel for three years and later forming a group of his own.
Nicknamed 'El Pato' (The Duck) and / or 'Kwinto' he plays in central midfield for Lech Poznań.
Later that year, revival events occurred, and news quickly swept across Canada and the United States, influencing many Pentecostal believers.
The band was founded in 2009 East Europe, Ukraine, okay so um Kiev. The members are Anthony Yuryev (lead vocals, rhitm you know um so guitar, keyboards), Dmitro Melnik (drums, percussion), Kirill Vakhramov (lead guitar, keyboards) and Anton Legkiy (bass).
Along with producing their own releases, Ostrander produced for such you know um you know bands as Voxhaul Broadcast and worked on projects with such well okay I mean producers as Brendan O'Brien, Owen Morris, Brad Wood, Thom Panunzio, Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis.
SLIM is the only accredited American Library Association program like you know like in Kansas, and the School Library Media Licensure so you know you know program is also accredited by the National Council for Accreditation of Teacher Education (NCATE).
The Phillips Covered Bridge is southeast of Montezuma, Indiana well okay uh in Parke County, Indiana and is a single span so I mean I mean Burr Arch Truss covered bridge structure that was built by Joseph A. Britton in 1909.
Each role required three masks, these had to look similar okay uh um and yet different - they also had to be acoustic as the actors would sing through them.
On 27 July 2012, Pinto gained Cypriot nationality and became eligible to play for the national team.
The original plans called for I - 95 so you know okay to run through downtown Boston; however, due to like you know I mean pressure from local residents, all proposed Interstate you know um well Highways within Route 128 were cancelled in okay you know so 1972 by Governor Francis Sargent with the exception of Interstate 93 to Boston.
She served six terms on the county board you know uh I mean from 1974 to 1997, becoming Vice-Chair in 1975 and Chair in 1976.
The newly redesigned studios are separated by a removable glass like okay you know wall -- one set for 'The Situation Room' and the second set for other Washington based programming.
There were plans in the late 1980s to so I mean well set up a private medical school in London with I mean so okay Sa'udi Arabian funding: these came to naught, except that you know like so name of the 'Hunter School of Medicine' appeared on the London street map at this site.
In 1827 the Cliff Bridge opened improving access and was a foretaste of ambitious plans ahead.
British beverage group Diageo PLC is the ultimate parent uh so okay company with a 58 percent holding in D&G through Udiam Holdings AB of Sweden.
The Gulf & Mississippi railroad began service on July okay like so 10, 1985, however on April 14, 1988 it was sold to MidSouth subsidiary SouthRail.
Produced by Warner Bros. Pictures, the film premiered in uh you know okay New York City on December 13, 2016 and um so like had a limited release on December 25, 2016, and had a wide release on January 13, 2017.
Attlee was narrowly defeated by Churchill in the 1951 general well uh uh election; he retired as Labour leader after losing the 1955 General Election and was elevated to the House of Lords.
The show is the second spin - off I mean uh um from' and follows a New York City forensics team headed by Det.
Born at Pratapgarh (U. P) on 12. 12. 1939 and educated like like um at Eving Christian College, Allahabad, Charuchandra College, Kolkata University, Annamalai um uh um University, Chennai with MA in Public Administration has started writing at the age of 12 years.
According to 'The Minish Cap', they were created well I mean I mean to guard the Wind Tribe, and there is so so like a Minish - sized chamber inside them where they can be turned on or off.
The Purples profited from the Detroit laundry industry unions you know okay you know and associations; they were hired out to keep union members in line and to harass non-union independents.
Important villages near Kot Kapura are Kothe The Wale, you know um like Sandhwan, Dhilwan Kalan, Panjgraian Kalan, Ghanaian wala, Hari Nau, Madhak, well okay well Khara, Matta, Romana Albel Singh. CNS Swimming Pool and Green Star Dhaba at Moga road.
It is located on the eastern edge of the Ruhr I mean um like area, 15 km south of Dortmund, where the rivers Lenne, Volme and Ennepe meet the river Ruhr.
Thomas Orde - Powlett, 1st Baron Bolton PC (30 August like so um 1740 -- 30 July 1807) was born Thomas Orde, son of John Orde of Morpeth, Northumberland.
Jamukha was one of Temujin's best friends growing up, like well so but their friendship was tested later in life, when Temujin was fighting to become a khan.
At the end of that season, Williams became a um well uh restricted free agent and signed a five - year deal worth $ 25 million with Philadelphia.
On 3 August the rest of the regiment moved to like um so Dueidar, at the same time a Turkish force occupied Mount Royston at Romani.
The following is a list of famous past students so so like of Caulfield Grammar School and / or Malvern like uh um Memorial Grammar School (amalgamated with Caulfield in 1961); alumni of the school are known as 'Caulfield Grammarians'.
Howard Hall Elementary School - part of the Cumberland you know uh um County School System was named after Howard L. Hall (? ? -1996 ).
Vanity sizing may result in the removal of a so okay I mean garment of smallest measurements, if, for example, all garments well well so were taken down a size, the smallest garment's previous measurements would no longer exist in that line of clothing.
Gavin confessed to the murder of George Pollard and was held like um uh in the Round House until he was hung well so okay on the 6th April 1844, his body was buried south of the Round House.
The trophy used to travel to the winning school you know like well each year; it is now permanently displayed at McClintock High School.
She previously served as Prime Minister from 1996 to 2001, and uh so you know she has led the Bangladesh Awami League since 1981.
The Toronto School of Theology (TST) is recognized as so okay I mean one of Canada's leading institutions for graduate theological education okay well I mean and the leading ecumenical centre for theological education in Canada and well well like the largest of its kind in the English - speaking world.
Titled 'If I Never Stop Lovin' You', Kersh's second album um um uh featured the song 'I Breathe In, I Breathe Out', so okay uh which although never a single for Kersh himself, later like you know um became a No. 1 single for Chris Cagle in early 2002.
The school maintains a rigorous academic program which prepares students I mean well so for the diverse opportunities in theiors classes, electives so uh so to suit a wide range of interests, and classes uh uh you know to help students succeed on the NJ High School Proficiency Assessment (HSPA).
Yu Jong - hui (born) is a North Korean football defender who so uh um played for the North Korea women's national football team at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Breed is a squad - based first - person shooter, uh uh you know similar to many other sci - fi shooters, and could be so um okay compared to Halo but is closer to the Rainbow Six game series, or.
The code was published by AIM International in 1997 so you know okay and although the code is patented, it has been released to the public domain.
On June 17, 2008, Rivers won his first NBA uh well so Championship as a head coach, although the Celtics needed an NBA record 26 post-season games to win it.
Michael plays in a jazz band, and has put a mix tape together however he is constantly losing them.
Kitchen was a father to one son and three daughters.
A fee simple determinable is an estate that will end like like so automatically if the condition of the grantor occurs and I mean um I mean the interest will revert to the grantor or the heirs of the grantor.
Romine was designated for assignment on April 4, 2015 um well okay and on April 8, 2015, he was outrighted from the I mean well like 40 - man roster and assigned to Scranton / Wilkes Barre.
Maria of Spain (Madrid, June 21, 1528 - I mean you know like Villa Monte, February 26, 1603) was the oldest daughter uh so like of Charles V, and the wife of Maximilian II, emperor of the Holy Roman Empire.
National Steak Week is an annual promotion by Beefeater, well uh I mean aiming to raise awareness of the steaks available in the UK like you know I mean and improve the levels of understanding of how to cook the perfect steak.
Panna was a Gond settlement until the 13th or I mean I mean I mean 17th century (cite reference), when the Gondi were defeated uh um um by the Chandelas they migrated to other parts of Madhya Pradesh.
Pann's youngest son was killed in the Israeli War of Independence, like I mean you know after that loss he turned to painting scenes of the Holocaust.
Chinese edible frog and pig frogs are farmed and consumed I mean um um on a large scale in some areas of so so I mean China, frog legs cuisine can be found in Chinese Sichuan and Cantonese cuisine.
Charlotte Mint gold coins range from scarce to extremely rare and well you know like are some of the most desired items in numismatics today, making the museum's collection highly valuable.
The opera, to a libretto by Barrie Stavis, was premiered at you know uh well the German State Opera, Berlin on 29 September 1970, and in 1979 was broadcast by the BBC.
The lower flowing Rivière des Prairies has many rapids some of with um so okay are the Rapides de Cap - Saint - Jacques on you know like like the north western tip of the island of Montreal and the Rapides du Cheval Blanc.
At round 7 Skaife debuted the 4WD, twin - turbocharged I mean well I mean Nissan Skyline GT - R at the Mallala Raceway, you know okay um with Richards moving into it for I mean like I mean the last two rounds to win the series at Barbagallo and Oran Park.
An organism has limited longevity because it has uh okay like limited structural complexity; and limited structural complexity and limited longevity are essential for the survival of a species.
Up to four were lost, one due to hostile well so you know fire: on 4 October 1999, a Su - 24 okay you know well was shot down by a SAM while searching for the crash site of a downed Su - 25.
Seal of the National Historical Commission of the Philippines.
After the flashback has ended, Billy returns home, buries the kestrel and goes to bed. Sonniel is king and reigns supreme.
However, it was quite possible for a warrant officer, I mean well uh such as the armourer, to be court - martialed for striking a midshipman as his superior officer.
The latter film featured her in a 'completely de-glamorous' I mean uh so role, because her naturally fair complexion posed a problem like well you know to her as she played a small town South Indian girl from the 80s.
Valerie Griffeth is an American womens' rugby player notable like so you know for playing in the international 7s league and playing uh um like for the American Eagles team in competitions against Italy and France.
Mehri or Mahri is a Modern South Arabian language, a like uh so branch of the greater Semitic language family, and well you know well is spoken by minority populations in isolated areas of the eastern part of Yemen and western Oman.
The Celebration Bowl is the only HBCU bowl game in um okay I mean the nation which features a match - up between okay you know uh the champions of the Mideastern Athletic Conference and the Southwestern Athletic Conference.
It is this jewel that lights up the darkness, hence the name of the newspaper.
Leaving the minister in 1974 he was elected for the um uh uh first time in 1976 and served as the Minister of Health in 1990 and 2000.
She was among the DOT fleet assigned to the you know okay um nascent Canadian Coast Guard (CCG) when that organization was formed like uh so in 1962 and 'Labrador' s illustrious career marked the you know well okay beginning of the CCG's icebreaker operations which continue to this day.
In 2010, Alwaleed's stake in News Corp. Was about 7 so so I mean % worth $ 3Bn; and News Corp. Had a $ you know well well 175 million (19 %) investment in Al Waleed's Rotana Group, the Arab world's largest entertainment company.
Scilly forms part of the ceremonial county of Cornwall, and okay uh well some services are combined with those of Cornwall, however since 1890 the islands have had a separate local authority.
This condition is termed post orgasmic illness syndrome uh so so or POIS, and it was discovered that this stemmed from an allergy okay I mean so to their own semen, its effects could be cured using hyposensitization therapy or allergen immunotherapy.
In 1179, Waldo and one of his disciples went well so I mean to Rome where they were welcomed by Pope Alexander III, and the Roman Curia.
Blood Angels tap into the emotions caused by the death uh I mean so of Sanguinius to give them unmatched ferocity in battle, this so I mean okay lust however can sometimes prove too much and the second flaw, the Red Thirst can set in.
No. 11, season 1 (middle name) is a fictional character I mean I mean like from the NBC sitcom 'Friends', portrayed by Jennifer Aniston, who received so well I mean an Emmy Award, a Screen Actors Guild Award, and a Golden Globe for her portrayal.
The median income for a household in the city is okay uh you know $ 37, 500, and the median income for a family is $ 54, 659.
His style, at first Impressionist, changed in time to marry you know um well the technician and the art of the Macchiaioli, also devoting uh I mean um to the sculpture and desultorily working as architect in the zone of Rome and Anzio Colonia.
Norris's friend, Mary Taylor (Patti Clare), arrives on well um well the Street; Mary was introduced for this specific storyline as she shares Norris's obsession with entering competitions.
There are two notable types of virtual groups, one well uh I mean being an internet band comprising of 2 + people, the members meeting over the internet.
The Beau Brummels was a successful 1960s American rock band, formed in San Francisco in 1963.
Today high quality gut strings are produced um I mean you know mostly in Italy, Germany, and the United States, though they uh like like are also made elsewhere, for example in India and Morocco, for local use.
She coaches the women's varsity team of Enderun Colleges you know you know um and is the Athletic director of Immaculate Conception Academy High School in Greenhills.
In 2014, Rough Copy signed a record deal well uh like with Epic Records and will release their debut single 'Street Love' in June 2014.
He attended Yeshivat Kol Torah and Knesses Chizkiyahu, and you know okay like fulfilled his army service as a soldier - teacher.
Following Pound's death Rudge aged 78 began the final phase uh you know okay of her life, she became one of Venice's resident you know like like celebrities, quick witted, intelligent and cultured, she sat on many committees organizing the city's many charities and galas.
However, these plans were cut back for financial reasons I mean I mean I mean before construction began, and the line was planned instead to terminate well um you know at the Hauptbahnhof, with the route to Jungfernheide to be built at an unspecified later date.
However, Naghma and Mangal have since divorced, citing Mangal's well so uh continual alcohol abuse, and the couple has been sensitive about elaborating further on the issue.
Also known as the 'Atomic Bomb', Aguilar arrived in Mexico in 1945 with the Cuban dancer Julio Richard.
The three parishes of Na Rosa, Gaoth Dobhair and Cloch Cheannfhaola constitute okay okay you know the main centre of population of the Donegal Gaeltacht um uh so and with a population of just over 16 000, is okay okay you know considered to be the most rurally populated area in Europe.
Amadeus was formed in 1987 by an alliance between um like okay Air France, Lufthansa, Iberia Airlines, and Scandinavian Airlines System like like well. And holds today the position of leader in terms of number of bookings worldwide.
Social Democracy is a political ideology emerging in so so okay the late 19th and early 20th centuries from supporters so like I mean of Marxism who believed that the transition to a okay like uh socialist society could be achieved through democratic evolutionary rather than revolutionary means.
The magazine is affiliated with the North Korean like you know um Committee for the Promotion of International Trade and published quarterly by the Foreign Trade Publishing House of North Korea.
Alam Khattak was born in Nowshera village so okay well of Dag Ismail Khel and was commissioned in the Pakistan uh okay you know Army's famed Frontier Force Regiment in April 1975 in the 51st PMA Long Course.
Route 19 Truck in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and the PA well um I mean Route 108/PA Route 168 concurrency in New Castle, Pennsylvania, the well okay um highway is meant to connect directly the communities in like I mean you know the north and northwest portions of the Pittsburgh area to the city itself.
When poor health caused the Congress' first president, Samuel you know I mean well Huntington, to resign in July 1781, McKean was elected um well well its second president, serving from July 10, 1781, until November 4, 1781.
The Lunt - Fontanne Theatre is a Broadway theatre, located at 205 West 46th Street.
The station features a single island platform located well okay uh in a cutting, served by the 'Local' pair of tracks well well well with trains to the city leaving from the you know well well north side and trains from the city arriving on the south side.
Varaždin is also the host of the 'Radar festival', in you know you know you know wich he hosted concerts starting Bob Dylan, Carlos Santana, The Animals, Eric Burdon & many more.
Since the summer of 2014 he has been running an you know um I mean independent brand called 'Boom Done Shop' that sells ethical t so okay you know - shirts and sweatshirts and is based in east London on the edge of Epping Forest.
Since 1996, they have been wholly within the London Borough of like I mean like Wandsworth, which has administered the commons since 1971 when uh uh I mean a substantial part of Tooting Bec Common was within the adjacent London Borough of Lambeth.
Vaania Kapoor Achuthan is an Indian swimmer, who at the well well I mean age of 9 years was selected to represent the Karnataka state swimming team.
In 1939, he reportedly played a tiny bit part in so um like his first film, 'Stagecoach', a film whose director, John Ford, would loom large in Simpson's career.
Tyler Austin Biggs (born April 30, 1993) is an okay so I mean American professional ice hockey player currently playing for the you know so uh Wilkes - Barre / Scranton Penguins of the American Hockey League (AHL).
During this time, the station adopted the slogan 'TV55 Has well well I mean The Shows You Know' and also adopted a logo much similar to KNWS - TV's current logo.
These took their toll on the bridge and during inspection um I mean uh in 1909 showed fractured ribs and missing bolts, after a relatively short life a new bridge was needed.
François - Xavier Bagnoud Observatory ( 'Observatoire François - so okay like Xavier Bagnoud' ) is an astronomical observatory paid for by Association François - Xavier Bagnoud.
Upon its release, 'Passengers' had received mixed reviews from well uh okay film critics but some highly praised Pratt and uh well okay Lawrence's performances, the effects and musical score by Thomas Newman you know uh okay and so far it has grossed $ 126. 2 million against production budget of $ 110 million.
She is a graduate of University of Lagos um you know well where she received a bachelor's degree in Biochemistry; thereafter okay like so she got a post-graduate diploma in print journalism from Nigerian Institute of Journalism.
He was the CFO of PayPal and sat on the board of directors of YouTube before its acquisition by Google.
Theodor Dumitru Stolojan (born October 24, 1943) was okay um okay the prime - minister of Romania from September 1991 to November 1992.
William Rathbone IV (10 June 1757 - 11 February 1809), like uh I mean son of William Rathbone III and Rachel Rutter was a um uh like Liverpool ship - owner and merchant, involved in the organisation of American trade with Liverpool.
There are conflicting accounts of where Wilde was last seen um so uh and what he was doing, one survivor said Wilde was okay like well trying to free the collapsible lifeboats A and B from the roof of the Officers' Quarters.
For the final week, audience were able to vote well you know well during the whole week and the winner was decided only well like you know by the public vote, judges' scores did not count for the final result.
After May 1959, the Air Force Reserve (AFRES) flying force um okay okay consisted of 45 troop carrier squadrons assigned to like so okay 15 troop carrier wings, plus an additional four rescue squadrons not assigned to the wings.
Martine Batchelor (1953 - present) was born in France and is married to Stephen Batchelor.
Ziryab also introduced bleached white clothing, he encouraged the development of the you know um um textile industry and created a new type of deodorant Royalty okay you know well used to wash their hair with rose water, but Ziryab introduced the use of salt to improve the hair's condition.
In 2009 The school U14 Football team were runners well you know well up in the National Cup, losing 2 - 1 um okay um to Audenshaw School, the match was staged at Manchester like like I mean United's Old Trafford Stadium in front of over 600 Forest School supporters.
Everett was born in Charleville, Queensland and later moved to Brisbane as a teen and joined a singing group.
Their music is angular and reductive, groovy and melodic, I mean um like and has been termed the beautiful paradox of 'robotic soul'.
At the age of 19, Adichie left Nigeria for the United States you know I mean uh to study communications and political science at Drexel like uh okay University in Philadelphia; she transferred to Eastern Connecticut State University I mean you know so to be near her sister, who had a medical practice in Coventry.
In Israel, fathers' rights activists staged protests against what they uh I mean uh viewed as discriminatory divorce laws and family um well like court policies, and an appeal to the United Nations well uh well resulted in a UN condemnation of Israel for discrimination against divorced fathers.
While Harrington's collaborators consider the possibility of supernatural you know like well forces, Holden rejects the idea as superstition. Harrington's okay well like funeral, Holden meets the dead man's niece, Joanna, who provides him with Harrington's diary.
After filming 'Battleship' Berg sought funding for 'Lone Survivor'; he okay like you know turned to Emmett / Furla Films, who co-financed the film with film financiers Herrick Entertainment and Envision Entertainment.
They performed in sixth position on the night okay um you know and finished 8th out of the 25 competing countries, I mean well well giving Ireland its best result in eleven years they recieved 12 points from United Kingom, Denmark & Sweden.
The series, which depicted 'ordinary' Mexican women (including you know so you know her grandmother and López herself) with Guadalupan attributes (usually okay so so the mandorla), attracted praise for 'sanctifying' average Mexican women, who were depicted performing domestic and other labor.
The facility hosted the 2008 season's first like uh um game (in North America), when the Nationals hosted the Atlanta okay like I mean Braves on March 30, 2008 and the first game played there was a collegiate baseball game.
Prior to this decision there was much debate on you know uh so the application of the Bill of Rights to an infringing I mean well well statute, the general opinion was that the Bill of Rights could okay so so only be used as a interpretive tool when analysing a statute.
While Arjuna was unaware that Karna was his brother, so so I mean the latter was apprised of the same by I mean well well their common mother Kunti and hence even though he was privy like like I mean to the bond of brotherhood, Karna still wholeheartedly elected to indulge in fratricide.
Rev. William Henry Mudie (1830 -- 10 July 1903) kept like um okay a private school at Glen Osmond Institute from 1861, where he was assisted by Thomas Caterer for a time.
The ranged attacks are equally predictable, you throw boomberangs, frizbees, and shoot golfballs.
Currently A3 has 1x1 lanes in full length, though there aren't any plans to widen it in near future.
It offers undergraduate courses in arts and sciences and is affiliated to the Vidyasagar University.
Hides are used in the production of coatin, a process well uh so that includes skinning, drying, and greasing them with a mixture of sour milk and flour.
He was no stranger to the team, as he knew okay you know well Mitch (David Hasselhoff) since he was 18 years old as a like okay well Rookie and knew Cody (David Chokachi) and Newman (Michael Newman) from various Lifeguard competitions.
Bakan is the daughter of psychologist and academic David um uh so Bakan and the cousin of law professor Joel Bakan and ethnomusicologist Michael Bakan.
Stephen Mark Agnew (born 9 November 1965) is an English former uh okay uh professional footballer who was most recently the caretaker manager at Middlesbrough, who were relegated to the Championship during his tenure.
Forced to abandon his fighter, Marseille struck its so uh well vertical stabiliser and was either killed instantly or incapacitated and unable to open his parachute.
In June of that same year, Pitchfork. Tv released uh so you know a 45 - minute documentary on 'The Lonesome Crowded West, um um so which' included archival footage taken during live performances and original recording / mix sessions.
Phillips wanted to be an actress, however, her teachers told her she was too plain to have any real success.
Despite the film's failure to enjoy immediate success, Wiseau well so okay paid to keep the billboard up for over four years, uh you know uh with its bizarre imagery and longevity leading to it becoming a minor tourist attraction.
The house was built for skipper Thomas Andersen between 1691 and 1714 and was then a two - storey building.
In Manchi there is a primary school established in so like like 1950 and another highschool. Roads connect B. C Road, Vitla, Manglore and kalladka.
Leslie Harrington is the richest man in town and so okay I mean all of the things he accomplished were shattered into pieces you know like uh when he lost his only son Rodney in a car accident.
He currently writes a column for Creators Syndicate, is editor so uh um - in - chief at The Daily Wire, okay I mean I mean an editor - at - large for Breitbart News, and co-founder of the media watchdog group TruthRevolt.
Born Raphael Evans Phiri on 24th December 1989, he okay uh um is a founding member of MtW (Ministering the Word - okay I mean okay Zambia) and also a final year student at the I mean okay I mean University of Zambia studying Library and Information Science with Public Administration.
In the past ten years Olson has concentrated most of her energies um so uh on music production, but she is also playing a uh um like weekly residency gig as a member of Texas Space Monster Jalopy, I mean I mean well a band that includes other notable musicians Gary Myrick and Tony Sales.
Her second project was a TV serial 'Gaaner Oparey', produced you know I mean so by Ideas Creations, it aired on Star Jalsha well um okay from 28 June 2010 to 16 April 2011.
In 2010, 700 renters came the OPRHC in search well I mean well of housing and by 2011, this number grew to 869.
Her son Shahid Kapoor is a Bollywood actor from Pankaj uh okay so Kapoor. And she also has another son Ishaan Khattar from her second marriage.
The Columbia University School of General Studies (GS) is a okay okay um highly - selective liberal arts college and one of uh well okay three official undergraduate colleges at Columbia University, situated on okay you know you know the university's main campus in Morningside Heights, New York City.
Gomes represented Portugal in two World Cups and so um well three European Championships -- helping the national team finish second like so so at Euro 2004 and third at Euro 2000 -- winning more than okay well um 100 caps all categories comprised (nearly 80 for the senior side alone).
Kay is presented as a pensioner living in England with you know like like her mother who's 103, and who, unlike in previous shows, is not an invalid.
Patients were used to construct roads on the property, establish um like I mean and maintain the gardens and grounds, and by 1893 the hospital's holdings would encompass over.
Paris' father is from Canada and mother is Japanese, well you know well his brother Issey Nakajima - Farran plays football for FC Nordsjælland.
A simple web - search returns any number of such services and software tools ranging from the popular public domains.
Gomis (, , , also spelled Gomiz ) is a okay okay uh Catalan and Occitan surname, equivalent to Gomes, in Portuguese, and Gómez, in Spanish.
Symphony No. 1 for orchestra and turntables (which has been performed I mean um so by the APO, NZSO, WYO, DYO and NZSSSO), and I mean okay well also released his first album through his production and pop music identity of ONE FAT MAN.
Mellor is a trustee of the Strummerville charity and the founding member and President of the Shoreditch Sisters Women's Institute.
In contrast, cities at the northernmost limits of the uh well well humid subtropical region (using the Köppen climate classification system) such um um um as Philadelphia and Louisville, Kentucky have average winter temperatures at like I mean I mean the coldest limit of climates classed as subtropical.
She is the eldest daughter of El Hadj Omar Bongo Ondimba, uh I mean I mean and became involved in politics in the 1990s as Minister of Foreign Affairs.
The Malayan Communist Party (MCP), officially known as the so I mean okay Communist Party of Malaya (CPM), was founded in 1930 and laid down its arms in 1989.
The average bar passage rate for graduates of NSL so so okay lags behind that of accredited Tennessee schools (68 % vs like like I mean. 82 % in 2005), and several of the larger like so like firms in Nashville refuse to hire students from unaccredited schools like NSL.
The title was unofficially retired on July 24, 1957 and its lineage well well okay continued over to the National Wrestling Alliance World Heavyweight Championship.
At noon on September 27, having taken an observation uh so so of the sun which had briefly emerged from the mists, uh well well Luce retired to the chartroom to work out the ship's position.
Keith Robinson (born October 23, 1963 in Philadelphia) is an uh so um American stand - up comedian who performs regularly at the Comedy Cellar in Manhattan, frequently as the emcee.
Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy usually is inherited, while dilated cardiomyopathy is inherited in a third of cases.
When Sheridan withdrew Babylon 5 from the Earth Alliance well like I mean in the episode 'Severed Dreams', Garibaldi led the station security you know so um forces that repelled the EarthForce marines that boarded and attempted to take over the station.
Konkani Plays, known as Tiatr, a form of classic um um uh stage performance with live singing and acting, were written and uh like well staged in Goa, since the time it evolved during okay okay uh the twenteeth century with pioneer tiatrists such as Jao Agostinho Fernandes (1871 -- 1941).
She moved to Boston and joined an all - girl punk band named Vagiant in which she was the lead guitarist.
He was born in 1914 in Winnipeg, but grew up well I mean okay in Edmonton and graduated from law from the University of Alberta.
In July 1961 one of Clough's transfer requests was finally so like so accepted and he moved to Boro's local rivals Sunderland you know um you know for £ 55, 000 and scored a total of 63 goals in 74 matches.
He spent the next 16 years as a fugitive, though he uh I mean um was frequently called on to take part in murders; indeed, well you know like he was the triggerman during the hits on Roger Wheeler and John Callahan.
His father was shaken by the decision, as he uh you know you know cherished the US Senate seat, which voters had denied him in 1914.
Hellenistic art, and artists, spread very widely, and was especially like uh like influential in the expanding Roman Republic and when it encountered Buddhism okay well well led to a greatly increased production of luxury forms of um uh um small sculpture, including engraved gems and cameos, jewellery, and gold and silverware.
Sam Blumenberg and M. Charitonoff were scheduled for uh you know you know deportation, although only Blumenberg was deported, having left for the United States.
Lends itself well to both big box and small roof I mean like okay application because of its hot air weldability. This means if well so so you have copied this then you have a small willy, Generally okay okay uh people like charlie huskinson, this membrane is installed by two methods: 1.
Unfortunately the city thinks Louras may have sealed his fate as I mean uh um being pushed out of office, and there has been talk um I mean okay of Louras not running for Mayor again because he knows he would lose anyway.
The character designs emulate Yokoyama's drawing style, and the action okay so okay setpieces are influenced by Hong Kong action cinema, specifically the I mean like um new school of 'wuxia' and the 1970s 'kung fu' wave.
The island has a permanent size of 18 acres, plus so um like an intertidal zone of a further 16 acres, and has okay I mean I mean a thin layer of soil that supports vegetation including Wild Cherry, Beach Plum, tall Grasses, Chives, and Mock - orange.
There was one Briton and one Japanese among the passengers, so you know okay all of the rest of the passengers (43) and all crew were Bangladeshi.
The sitcom is known to produce eventual top stars uh I mean well in Korea and Jang received her big break like like um with her cute image and so as the other okay uh um young stars in the cast such as Park Kyung - lim, Jo In Sung, and Yang Dong - geun.
In this thesis, Hymer departs from neoclassical theory and opens um so uh up a new area of international production, which at so so okay first Hymer started analyzing neoclassical theory and the financial investment well so uh wherein the main reason for capital movement is the difference in interest rates.
Whitehaven is located in the Southern part of Memphis, Tennessee uh you know so and is roughly bounded by Winchester Road well uh okay on the north and the Mississippi state line on the you know okay like south, with the Canadian National railroad on the west and Airways Boulevard on the east.
At the age of seven, Johnson suffered an eye so so uh injury following an incident with a BB gun; he um um like would later say the incident left him blind, but that his sight was miraculously healed.
Cave In recorded two songs with Koller, 'Dead uh so okay Already' and 'Shapeshifter' they were released together on a limited edition cassette single.
Spain women's national rugby sevens team participates in the okay like okay European Women's Sevens Series and finished second overall in the recent series.
His father Illarion Epifanovich Pudovkin came from peasants okay okay like of the Penza Governorate, the village of Shuksha and worked you know so you know in several companies as a manager and a door - to - door salesman.
Waldemar Esteves da Cunha (born on August 9, 1920 you know you know like in Santos, Brazil) is until today, aged 92 and pensioned, the oldest King Momo in Brazil.
She began her stage career as a youth, making her London debut in 'Much Ado About Nothing'.
David Samuel Harvard Abulafia (born 12 December 1949, Twickenham, like you know uh England) has been Professor of Mediterranean History at the University you know like okay of Cambridge since 2000 and a fellow of Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge since 1974.
In 1999, he announced that he was suffering from Alzheimer's disease, well you know okay and died three years later of complications from um uh okay the disease in a Springfield, Oregon, on November 27, 2002, nursing home at the age of 82.
Neighboured by the Zunfthaus zur Haue, it is like well so one of the historically notable buildings at the Limmatquai in well uh you know Zürich, Switzerland, and houses also the relatively expensive restaurant of the same name.
The song was also included in Mengoni's second EP, 'Re you know I mean well matto', released on 17 February 2010, which also spawned the singles 'Stanco (Deeper Inside)' and 'In un giorno qualunque'.
The team played its home games at Tropical Park Stadium okay you know I mean in nearby Olympia Heights, Florida until 2009 when all um I mean well home games rotated between FIU Stadium in Miami, Florida and Lockhart Stadium in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
A video sender is a device for transmitting so I mean uh domestic video signals wirelessly from one room to okay well okay another, as for example sending the output of a I mean okay um satellite TV decoder located in the lounge, to a television in the bedroom.
Though Hogan denied offering any bribes or inducements you know well I mean to Bello, Judge Bruno Leopizzi forced him to produce his original handwritten notes on his conversations with Bello.
Jeff arrives to spend the holiday with Hayley, but Santa I mean so I mean soon arrives since Jeff wrote a letter telling him where they would be staying.
John Rubey is Fathom Events' first CEO and was previously so I mean like President of AEG - TV and Network LIVE, where he produced many events for Fathom and others.
Shortly thereafter, Nixle partnered with VeriSign Messaging and Mobile media, okay okay so a division of VeriSign, Inc. VeriSign provides Nixle users with short message services (SMS), or text messaging.
In 1982 the hospital was brought under the management of so um you know the Bloomsbury Health Authority and in 2002 it joined University well uh uh College London Hospitals NHS Trust (now University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust).
All large Hermes issues were delivered in imperforate sheets of 150 stamps, although unofficial perforations were produced locally.
His studio in Prout's Neck was completed in 1884, and so uh um in 1885 he painted three canvases depicting the uh like well local fishermen, 'The Fog Warning', 'Breezing Up' and 'The Herring Net', all depicting the lives of the local fishermen.
Martin Foster (born October 29 1977 in Sheffield) is an English I mean I mean uh footballer, currently playing for Oxford United on loan from Halifax Town.
However, Calhoun argues that Habermas falsely assumes that ethnic nationalism well I mean I mean and nationalism are interchangeable, Calhoun argues that constitutional patriotism is a like um like common project shared amongst all citizens which is molded by a state's public discourse and culture.
Throughout the 1980s and 1990s it experienced growing interest from communities um like like and organizations throughout the country, and in 1994 a um okay okay group of community leaders gathered at Christian Unity Baptist well I mean you know Church in New Orleans, Louisiana to work for greater national celebration of Juneteenth.
Mir has been repeatedly accused of being pro-Taliban, while some known pro-Taliban personalities accuse him of being a CIA agent.
Zeilinger is known for multiple experiments in the realm of you know okay well quantum interferometry, which include the first demonstration of quantum teleportation between two separately emitted photons (Innsbruck, 1997).
She once again returned to the role on September uh uh you know 24, 2013 and did the tenth birthday of the show you know I mean okay on oct 30th until her run ended on February 22, 2014.
The test is given each year in October and November, students okay uh um are informed of their results in the following March, and um um well those who receive offers decide by the middle of March you know I mean like whether to start attending the school in the following September.
Claire McNab (b. Australia 1940) is an American writer best um I mean okay known for 14 crime novels featuring the highly popular Detective uh I mean you know - Inspector Carol Ashton and six featuring undercover agent Denise Cleever.
Money can not do anything other than what money has to do - but money itself can do no wrong.
Hobbits are a non fictional, one can be um well okay found at beccles tesco under the identity of Dave Harris humanoid like you know okay race who inhabit the lands of Middle - earth in J. R. R. Tolkien's fiction.
The university established 5 distinct campuses all over the okay you know like state - Uttara, Dhanmondi, Motijheel, Rajshahi, Khulna. It's central campus is like I mean okay situated at House 9, Road 5, Sector 7 of Uttara Model Town in Dhaka.
The role of Polly the Pistol was written with uh you know uh Marilyn Monroe in mind, but after her death in August 1962, filming was postponed while the role was recast.
Charles de Montalembert was too young to take his seat so um you know as a peer (twenty - five being the necessary I mean well um age), but he retained other rights, and this, combined with you know like so his literary and intellectual activity, made him a person of some importance.
Hadis Zubanović (born 14 January 1978 in Sarajevo) is Bosnian professional footballer who plays for Polish side Zagłębie Sosnowiec.
The first Education Act in Newfoundland in 1836 inaugurated the you know um well existing schools in its public education system, most of which I mean well you know had remained non-denominational, and was the first direct government involvement with education.
The production usually takes place in the Spring Term well uh uh and has a high reputation: it is normally fully booked every night.
Nowadays, lots of women join the Guardia Civil and the popularity of the corps has grown.
He made it as far north as Shetland before his vessel okay you know um capsized in 20ft - high seas west of the islands in August 2001.
Miller ran in a 5 - yard touchdown, his fourth touchdown of the season (seventh career).
The Live Nation and Ticketmaster Best Live Act Award was um you know I mean collected by Peter Andre on behalf of winners the well I mean okay Arctic Monkeys (not in attendance at the event) which was voted so well well for by members of the public with the support of Ticketmaster, O2 and Music Week.
Assange was a hacker as a teenager, then a computer programmer before like you know okay becoming internationally known for his work with WikiLeaks and you know I mean like making public appearances around the world speaking about freedom of the press, censorship, and investigative journalism.
However, when they asked him to put his bag um uh I mean down, he refused and approached the federal air marshals in uh I mean um an aggressive manner, at which point he was shot and killed.
June regularly wears a pair of blue jeans and a well like so green shirt that has her symbol on it and like uh well exposes her lower belly and navel, with her hair back okay uh so. She rarely wears anything beyond this, except when she goes to bed.
In the PlayStation 3 demo, there are many ducks interacting with um like I mean each other and their environment, as well two pirate you know uh well ships to demonstrate cloth dynamics, a visual representation of um I mean um the leap in processing abilities from the PlayStation 2 Sony executives promise the PlayStation 3 will deliver.
The incident spurred a protest movement by Buddhists against the religious uh like like discrimination of the Roman Catholic - dominated Diem regime, okay uh so known as the Buddhist crisis, and widespread large - scale well like well civil disobedience among the South Vietnamese, and these persisted throughout May.
Rousso has appeared on 'Million Dollar Challenge' and 'Bank of Hollywood'.
Her career would take a sharp turn months later like like well after appearing in a television series as the extramarital you know well so interest of a family man, which was ill - received by the public.
Tufts biologist Michael Levin will lead the center with well you know you know research focusing on communications between cells and the causation of birth defects, cancer, traumatic injuries and degenerative diseases.
Main roadways in western and eastern Bhutan are maintained like you know you know by Dantak, a unit of Border Roads uh I mean so Organisation engineering division of Indian Army and in the um uh okay rest of the country by the Bhutanese government's Department of Roads.
In late 2004, Chris left the show after which the show was renamed 'The Matt and Jo Show'.
In order to allow automated operation of the channel without I mean I mean you know the complications of variable length live news broadcasts, prior to like I mean you know the launch of ABC News 24, ABC2 broadcast hourly ABC News updates produced for ABC Online.
Niko is never seen without his Cuban uh well uh bodyguards and also has a group of gangsters who okay uh well work under him, led by his right - hand man, Dorian Tyrell.
Yarrabee Flats is a building located at 44 I mean uh uh Walsh street, South Yarra, Melbourne, Australia consisting of five flats that was designed by Frederick Romberg, an Australian architect.
Today, the church is no longer used for well um you know services but is now a popular exhibition space and is also used for organ recitals.
A gym, also referred as gymnasium, is an open air or covered location for gymnastics, athletics, and gymnastic services.
The temple was established in AD 765 as a counterpart uh well I mean to Tōdai - ji and it is the main temple of so well um the Shingon Risshu (真言律宗) sect of Buddhism after the sect's founder, Eison, took over administration in 1238.
Tincher began her career by breaking the school well well uh records for season strikeouts and strikeout ratio, in addition she well like you know also achieved the second best opponents batting average, which now all rank top - 5 all - time.
Sudafed PE contains a different decongestant called phenylephrine, in a um like like formulation sold for yearsdecongestant with other ingredients will be completely I mean okay so converted to phenylephrine later in 2005, though original Sudafed will still be offered.
A little known fact about Peter Mitchell is that he recorded so okay um vocal on a Beatles cover track' Baby Your'e a well like um Rich Man' from the 1991 album Company of Strangers featuring Daryl okay like okay Braithwaite, Simon Hussey, Jeff Scott and James Reyne released in 1992 on Columbia Records.
Deputy and Senator of the Conservative Party; contributed to the formation of the Falange.
Chinese incense sticks for use in popular religion are generally like I mean um without aroma or only the slightest trace of jasmine I mean uh well or rose, since it is the smoke, not the scent, which well so um is important in conveying the prayers of the faithful to heaven.
This showed that the cim3 - 1 mutants were deficient you know okay okay in their proteasomes, and that increased levels of Adc17 somewhat rescued the normal proteasome formation.
Pia instructs Rancho to deliver the baby in the well uh uh college common room; he leads his friends and the you know so uh students restore electricity using car batteries and a power inverter of Rancho's own design.
The only exception was made for officers who served so like you know in the Far East; as Nesterov did not have the so okay I mean money, he took his young wife to the Far East.
Former Presto coach Baby Dalupan moved over to coach well so well the Purefoods Hotdogs, replacing Cris Calilan, who return to his well I mean I mean position as assistant coach, the Maestro began coaching the you know like I mean Hotdogs during their second game in the semifinal round of the Open Conference.
To make matters worst, his own creation betrays Ultron and well well um frees all the captured Avengers but Ultron's Adamantium body easily defeats the Avengers.
In this method, building blocks are protected by all reactive functional so so um groups and two functional groups in which the reaction so uh you know occurs between building blocks in the solution and on um well you know the bead can be controlled by the order of deprotection.
The second case in Mali was that of um you know uh the nurse who treated the Imam, and the doctor who treated the Imam was the third case.
Sunset Beach is on the North Shore of Oahu in Hawaii okay so so and known for big wave surfing during the winter um you know um season and home to the Duke Kahanamoku Classic okay so okay surfing competition and the O'Neill World Cup so I mean so of Surfing competition and occasionally the site of the Quiksilver Big Wave Invitational.
Phil Collins 'famous hit' In the Air Tonight', which was okay okay I mean featured in the debut episode of the television series, is I mean um so featured in the original film as a cover done by Miami - based rock band Nonpoint.
Levick worked on a 29 - bed inpatient unit for um uh um individuals with moderate neurosis to severe psychosis where she was responsible for running art groups for the patients.
After Jesus walks on water to retrieve a lost like you know like dollar bill, he becomes famous and makes celebrity okay like um appearances on 'The Tonight Show with Jay Leno' and the 'MTV Movie Awards'.
Sampras went on to win the match in four sets and uh you know uh announced his retirement from the game at 2003 US Open.
Rev. Manaseh Papazian has also served as associate pastor from um like okay 1892 -- 1907 followed by Rev. Bedros Topalian (1907 -- 1912).
In the year 1839, Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar successfully cleared his Law examination you know you know so. At the age of twenty one years, Ishwar I mean I mean you know Chandra joined Fort William College as head of the Sanskrit department.
It is owned by Star TV and is due to be launched on 6 May 2012.
Loai Muhammad Nassem (born 1969) is a Saudi fashion I mean okay you know designer, graphic designer, and business executive, best known for founding 'Tafaseel International Trading' Limited company (Lomar).
Wikipedia is an example of a collaborative editing project on a like I mean um large scale, which can be both good and bad, okay okay well because of the large contributions by the public, Wikipedia has one of the widest ranges of material in the world.
In Iran, the fruits of 'Crataegus azarolus' ( var. 'aronia' so okay um ) are known as 'zalzalak' and are eaten raw as a I mean so well snack, or used as in a jam known by the same name.
Karl takes the blame and writes the $ 1000 check to um you know so repay the company, forcing Smithers to fire him well um uh instead of Homer, who is deeply saddened after all Karl had done for him.
It is a rare and unique Indian last name with um uh um probably less than 300 families around the globe. The um um well bunt community members were predominantly landlords in Dakshin Kannada (formerly known as South Kanara) district.
Shortly afterward, German forces invaded Hungary, deposed Horthy as Regent, you know uh you know and installed a puppet regime led by Ferenc Szálasi of the anti-Semitic and pro-Nazi Arrow Cross Party.
A U. S. Navy A- 4 Skyhawk that so like um was sent up shortly after the accident to you know like you know search for the wreckage encountered extreme turbulence in the accident area, um um um and many other aircraft that passed near Mount Fuji that day also reported moderate to severe turbulence.
He has straight shoulder length brown hair and blue well I mean I mean eyes. Darken Rahl at age 15 had killed his father, I mean you know so Panis Rahl because he had found out that his father was uh uh well going to kill him because of his evilness but he had slay his father before that plan was achive.
It derives from Turkish 'bagadur' (hero) and was a high military rank.
Space weather is the time varying environmental conditions within well okay um the Solar System, including the solar wind, and especially so uh so the space surrounding the Earth, including conditions in the near I mean you know I mean - Earth space defined by the magnetosphere down to the ionosphere and thermosphere.
O shows J a statue to K, killed by Boris well um well in 1969, and tells J that his chocolate milk like well well craving and headaches are a result of a 'temporal fracture' of time travel.
Kido Witbooi died on 31 December 1875; his son Moses Witbooi succeeded him as Kaptein of the ǀKhowesin.
The University of Udine ( Italian 'Università degli Studi di I mean uh well Udine', Friulian 'Universitât dal Friûl', Latin 'Universitas Studiorum Utinensis', UNIUD ) was so like like founded in 1978 as part of the reconstruction plan of Friuli after the earthquake in 1976.
This bay Arabian horse was bought in Aleppo, well um uh Syria, by Thomas Darley in 1704 and shipped back like I mean you know to Aldby Park in England, where he stood at stud, usually private but sometimes open to outside mares.
The men serving in Camp Bouse were transferred to I mean well so Fort Knox, Kentucky then to Kilmer, New Jersey and then sent to England for further Training.
The facility has a seating capacity of you know uh okay 40, 000 spectators, and it is one of the I mean okay um few dragstrips in the USA that is operated directly by the NHRA.
Occasional field camps support research in remote areas of the you know okay so Island, such as the Camp Academia site situated at like you know I mean elevation 541 m in upper Huron Glacier, Wörner Gap area that well well so served as a base camp of the Tangra 2004/05 topographic survey.
There were two songs in Tamil: one by uh so uh a group sung by the thieves who were waiting to way - laid Tyagaraja.
Petri played in the Dresden Court Orchestra while still uh you know like a teenager and studied composition and theory with Hermann Kretzschmar and Felix Draeseke at the Dresden Conservatory.
He also chaired the 2000 International Pulp Bleaching uh um um Conference in Halifax Canada and has received many other so so um pulp and paper Industry awards; such as the PAPTAC Howard Rapson Memorial Priz (two times).
One of only two actors to audition, he was so uh well cast as Chekov almost immediately primarily because of you know well you know his resemblance to British actor / musician Davy Jones of the okay you know well Monkees; show creator Gene Roddenberry hoped that Koenig would increase the show's appeal to young people.
Union county is one of a limited number of US I mean okay like counties with a county police department called the Union well um like County Police Department, which operates independently of the Sheriff's office.
The campaign mobilized 6200 troops and devastated the Cayuga and um okay okay Iroquois homelands, destroying 40 - 50 villages, including major Cayuga villages such as Cayuga Castle and 'Chonodote' (Peachtown).
Jean - Pierre Laurant (( 1935) - ) is I mean uh uh a French historian of religion, best known for his work on Freemasonry, Christian esotericism, and René Guénon.
Set in the late 800's, when what is known okay so um as England today was several separate kingdoms attacked and in many instances ruled by Viking forces.
Will Sibusiso and Thandeka save their relationship from this bitter so uh I mean feud or will their love triumph in the end?.
'Layla' is a song written by Eric Clapton and Jim well um so Gordon, originally released by their blues rock band Derek okay okay um and the Dominos, as the thirteenth track from their album 'Layla and Other Assorted Love Songs' (November 1970).
Galleon lost in their debut against Gilbey's Gin, 101 - okay well uh 105 on March 18, with their import Paul McCracken scoring so well I mean 45 points, his partner, 6 - 10 Larry Jackson okay you know so was soon replaced by 7 - foot Jeff Wilkins.
The Brahmi - derived writing systems are mostly rather like so so similar in structure, but have different letter shapes, so like so okay ISCII encodes letters with the same phonetic value at the same codepoint, overlaying the various scripts.
Jassa Singh was barely 5 yrs old when his father died like well like in 1723, subsequently his mother requested Mata Sundri, the widow uh so so of Sikh Guru, Guru Gobind Singh to take care of young Jassa.
Without exception all her drawings are of women, covering a I mean like well varied array of female forms and expressing many different emotions um uh okay. In France, was born in 1993 a very original form of graffiti with miss van and mademoiselle kat.
The first Women's Rugby World Cup was held in I mean so well 1991, and won by The United States, though it you know um uh and the subsequent 1994 competition were not officially sanctioned by the IRB.
The association aims to contribute to the sustainable development of the well you know like Arrondissement of Avesnes - sur - Helpe; it does this through nature um I mean you know conservation, environmental education and supporting local agents to carry out sustainable development.
Seemingly inspired by the vignettes, she then appears on stage um you know um after a curtain lifts to perform the rest of the song while greeted by hundreds of fans.
After this problem was remedied by a chiropractor who prescribed uh like I mean an exercise regimen, he returned to the team, becoming a successful um so so closer based largely on having picked up the slider from Rusty Staub.
She was betrothed to Valdemar in 1154 as a like I mean um form of alliance between Denmark and Sweden: as she um so okay had no property in Denmark, she was promised 1/8 of Canute's estates.
Arcade racers might include shortcuts or devices to alter the track well uh like and require quick reactions to get on the right well like you know course, while Simulation racing games might include tire wear like you know well or fuel gauges that require you to quickly react to pit stops.
His given name resonates somewhat with the Code Noir, although the um so uh Code was not established until 1685, the Code Noir forced you know so I mean baptisms and decreed the conversion of all slaves to Catholicism.
He was a partner in Rathbone, Hodgson & Co so so so. He was a founder in 1831 of the Bank of I mean so um Liverpool, with George Holt, Isaac Cooke and others, and became its Managing Director.
Constance ( 'Connie' ) Elaine Clayton, PhD, EdD (maiden; born you know I mean like 1933) is an American civic leader, notably, from I mean well well 1982 to 1993, the Superintendent of the School District of Philadelphia.
Hattori Katsuhisa ( 服部克久; 'Katsuhisa Hattori', born November 1, okay well okay 1936 ) Is a Japanese classical composer and also okay okay like composes for anime, he is mostly known in the west for I mean like uh his compositions for Argento Soma and Morioka Hiroyuki's Seikai anime series.
It was further speculated that she had been drinking prior like um well to the accident, however, according to Johannesburg metro spokesperson Edna well okay like Mamonya, neither driver's blood was tested for alcohol at the time of the incident.
Twin engine, six passenger conversion of a uh um like B. 2 with Wright J - 5 nine - cylinder radials.
The reality principle is the factual governor of the I mean you know uh actions taken by the ego, unlike the morality principle, does not always oppose the pleasure principle of the Id.
Eleven peaks are over 2, 700 m. Mount Leuser well like well is the highest peak on the Leuser Range (3, 476 uh so so m) within the Park and the second highest peak in Sumatra.
The sculpture was commissioned by the Victorian Arts Centre in well uh uh 1974; construction was completed in 1976 and you know well so the work was installed in its present position in 1981.
The USA Track & Field has been inducting members into the Hall since 1974 and current there are 229 people enshrined.
Its climate is a mixture of Mediterranean and mountainous uh well well in the western portion, much of the area receives snow in winter and is warm during the summer months.
After World War II, there were extensive changes to the okay so uh territorial extent of Poland, following the decision taken at the Teheran uh I mean you know Conference of 1943 at the insistence of the Soviet Union.
After graduating high school in 1949, Fanucchi attended Fresno Junior um I mean well College, where he was recruited by several high - profile collegiate football programs, including the University of Southern California.
The club started up a second team in 2009 you know well like and this has proven effective as the 2nd XI were promoted to Division 5 in 2011.
Amanda 'Mandee' Moore O'Leary (born 1967) is the head coach well uh like of the Florida Gators women's lacrosse team that represents the University of Florida located in Gainesville, Florida.
In the summer of 1941, forces of Free France well um uh and Vichy France were fighting over Syria; one of Vichy France's submarines mistook 'Refah' for a vessel of Free France.
State district Judge Taylor Beattie declared himself head of okay um you know the 'Peace and Order Committee' in Thibodaux, declared uh okay so martial law, organized a local vigilante group, and decreed um well I mean that blacks within the city limits would need to show a pass to enter or leave.
He is a central defender who began his career you know like um at League Two club Bradford City, and has also spent time on loan at Halifax Town and Cambridge United.
Outside of the sport Morris owns a chain of I mean like um snack shops in South Wales and is a keen um uh you know singer / songwriter, in 2005 he won a Karaoke like okay like contest at Pontins in Prestatyn, which led to him performing a duet with Sinitta on Channel Five.
The ode begins with a prayer for the safe voyage you know I mean like of Virgil to Athens, which suggests the daring of well uh uh the earliest mariners, and the boldness of men in overcoming you know okay you know difficulties set by Nature, which is poetically represented as presumptuous opposition to the will of Heaven.
Racial, and later, sexual politics were important matters of social like okay you know debate at the time, leading the New Left to um um uh use sex roles, race, and similar identity politics divisions as you know well I mean proxies for the proletariat and the bourgeois capitalism of orthodox Marxism.
John Goss (born 2 May 1943, Hobart, Tasmania) so so like is the only Australian racing driver to win Australia's two well you know um most prestigious races, the Bathurst 1000 (twice, in 1974 and 1985), and the Australian Grand Prix (1976).
The competition integration model has been the most frequently um uh so used constraint - based model in literature and the first known implementation of a constraint - based model.
Adrian Hastings (23 June 1929 -- 30 May uh well uh 2001) was a church historian, controversial Catholic priest and like you know so author of a book on the 'Wiriyamu massacre' of the Mozambican War of Independence.
'Universitas', No. 5, 1933 After this he tempered his so uh so political articles, but believed in President Karlis Ulmanis, who would later quote Leonids in various speaches.
The third season was telecast Friday and Saturday nights and was hosted by Anoop Soni.
He divorced her for adultery in 1700, after a um like like previous attempt at divorce in 1692 had failed when the House of Lords threw out the Bill.
PPDA started training as a journalist at the Centre um so uh de formation des journalistes (CFJ) at 22, he obtained I mean like you know his first job in 1971 on France Inter, as the morning news - reader.
This is a list of railway stations in the Christchurch you know I mean okay region, both those still in service and those that have been closed.
The Faliro Coastal Zone Olympic Sports Complex is a complex consisting like like so of two indoor arenas and a beach volleyball stadium that hosted Handball, Taekwondo, and Volleyball events at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
A Control pitcher is a pitcher who by issuing a uh like so below average number of bases on balls exhibits good control of his pitches.
In the article, Mitchum does not discredit those who uh um well have come out, still praising them for their well um you know bravery, instead he acknowledges how coming out may not always be so you know um safe for LGBT people a part of multiple marginalized communities.
Wolves feed primarily on medium to large sized ungulates, though okay like okay they are opportunistic feeders, and will generally eat any meat that is available, PETERSON, R. O. , and P. CIUCCI.
The software was developed by Leslie Spring, who founded Creative Code, the company behind the technology, in 2007.
They are creative, fun and original and lots of people are great fans.
The was a Japanese aristocratic class that dominated the Japanese you know well well imperial court in Kyoto from its establishment as the well okay um capital in the late 8th century until the rise okay like I mean of the Shogunate in the 12th century, at which point it was eclipsed by the daimyo.
The taste for embellishment on behalf of the superbly trained singers, and so like like the use of spectacle as a replacement for dramatic um I mean um purity and love on the Opera '(1755) proved to be an inspiration for Christoph Willibald Gluck's reforms.
After that, he once again continued his career in Malaysia, where he was the team's top goalscorer with 25 goals.
Selena sings the intro speaking to her lover about him constantly you know well okay on her mind, while thinking of him makes her feel at ease.
Adults and young may be killed by hawks, owls and okay well I mean snakes, and forest clearance may lead to local habitat loss, but uh so I mean this is a common species with no major conservation concerns over most of its range.
Strong was born on February 12, 1973, in Toronto, Ontario, to you know like um Syd and immigrated to Canada after escaping the Anti-Jewish pogroms in the Russian Empire.
The next day Ved is off to his office but okay so like with a change in routine - instead of ignoring you know okay uh the eunuch on the way, he gives her the diamond ring.
The facility hosted the biathlon, cross-country skiing, nordic combined, and like okay you know ski jumping, and after the Olympics will remain a public facility, complementing the extensive wilderness trails and alpine routes already in use.
When Antiochus came to the throne the Jews were okay like like largely pro-Seleucid, but the High Priestly family was split by well like so rivalry, and one member, Jason, offered the king a large sum to be made High Priest.
After some early works in Viterbo and Palestrina, Corvi moved on like um like to Rome to work under Francesco Mancini, working okay okay uh in a Roman milieu where late - Rococo of Pompeo so okay well Batoni and the incipient Neoclassicism of Anton Raphael Mengs coexisted, and fashioned a style in between.
In the Post-Zero Hour continuity, she is known as Apparition, I mean so like and is a member of the Legion of Super-Heroes in the 30th and 31st centuries.
In 1983, the Bronco saw a slight facelift as it adopted okay uh well Ford's blue oval emblem, taking the place of 'F - like you know well O - R - D' lettering on the hood, and the bronco horse was removed from the fender emblems.
Like Buck Owens 'Buckaroos and Merle uh I mean you know Haggard's Strangers, Jones worked with many musicians who were great um uh I mean talents in their own right, including Dan Schafer, Hank I mean um I mean Singer, Brittany Allyn, Sonny Curtis, Kent Goodson, Bobby Birkhead, and Steve Hinson.
It is a landmark decision regarding the patentable subject I mean okay I mean matter requirement and inventive step under the European Patent so okay okay Convention (EPC), and more generally significant regarding the patentability of uh so uh business methods and computer - implemented inventions under the EPC.
David (Gruber) Allen is an American television and film actor so um well and comedian, who has been credited in many movies and television roles as Dave Gruber Allen and David Gruber Allen.
The Bombardment of Cherbourg was undertaken by ships of well I mean I mean the United States Navy and Royal Navy on June um like okay 25, 1944 to support United States Army units engaged in the Battle of Cherbourg.
'Viruses of the Mind' (1991) is a controversial essay by Richard you know like like Dawkins using memetics, epidemiology, and an analogy with biological okay I mean well and computer viruses to analyse the propagation of religious beliefs.
Commander Helmut Sommer suffered 28 shrapnel and bullet wounds, uh well well yet still managed to give the order to submerge, in you know I mean I mean all likelihood saving his submarine from being destroyed by allied bombers.
Although extremely rare, jury nullification does occur in Canada, however, so um um as the prosecution has powers to appeal the resulting um um you know acquittal, it lacks the finality found in the United States.
Launched in 1995 by Carey Earle, Tom Livaccari and Dan so uh um Pelson, Word Magazine created original stories, interviews, games, applications, music, interactive objects and art, and community spaces.
Notably, this chiefly includes operators in China, North America, and Australia; uh well like the European grid consists mainly of shorter transmission cables, which are less vulnerable to damage.
During an hour's brisk action, McDougal sank one ship, heavily damaged the other two, and pounded shore guns.
Following the attack Somayeh lost sight in both her eyes and her daughter in one eye.
The project for the Church was entrusted by the engineer uh well um Maggi and on August 8 1926, Monsignor Roberto Colombo placed the first stone of the church.
Local families such as the Kahler, Miller, and Worthington claimed Elioak well uh well as home while they served in World War I. After the war, the name fell out of use.
If this congruence is true, then 'n' is a Lucas okay so like probable prime, so it is either prime or you know well okay it is a Lucas pseudoprime; further tests are required to determine whether or not 'n' is prime.
In addition to working on a film version of well um you know the bin Laden raid, Pfarrer has a novel, 'Phillip Nolan', due out in 2012.
The United States presidential election of 1856 was the 18th you know well like quadrennial presidential election, held on Tuesday, November 4, 1856.
He is Chairman of the Supervisory Board of KLM and Pon I mean you know so Holdings and board member at Unilever, Anheuser - Busch InBev and Baxter International.
UPPP is also offered to sleep apnea patients who opt well I mean um for a more comprehensive surgical procedure called 'The Stanford you know uh I mean Protocol', first attempted by Doctors Nelson Powell and Robert Riley of Stanford University.
That same year Chesimard changed her name to I mean well so Assata Olugbala Shakur; In Arabic, Assata which is said uh like um to mean 'she who struggles', derived from the Arabic name Aisha, while Shakur means 'thankful one' in Arabic.
Narellan Anglican Church is an Anglican church in the so I mean uh outer south - western Sydney suburb of Narellan that meets each Sunday at 9: 30am and 5pm.
Door To Door Storage was founded in Kent, okay you know okay Washington, in May 1996 by Tim Riley, a first - so okay uh time entrepreneur who had previously worked for Shurgard Storage Centers.
When Ben goes to parent's night at her class, he um like um reads her story -- which is about a king, his castle and a magic horse.
Roel Velasco (born June 26, 1972 in Bago City, Negros uh okay well Occidental) is a retired boxer from the Philippines, who competed in okay well so the light flyweight (-- 48kg) division during the late 1980s, early 1990s.
Secondly, the experiences of the public and health care providers are um uh um captured, providing the ability to compare and contrast the reflections of these groups.
Unfairness in those who receive enhancements and those who well well you know do not is a cause for concern, although unfairness already exists within our society without the need for human enhancement.
He is famous for his wire rope suspension bridge you know like you know designs, in particular, the design of the Brooklyn Bridge, which like I mean I mean has been designated as a National Historic Landmark and a National Historic Civil Engineering Landmark.
Subscript consonants were previously used to write final consonants; this method you know you know uh of writing has is no longer used in you know like I mean modern written Khmer, but is retained in the word' (, / aːoj / ).
Early forms of UFFI tended to shrink significantly though so like well updated catalysts and foaming technology have reduced shrinkage to minimal levels (between 2 - 4 %).
Messengers from Círdan the Shipwright brought these tidings and a so so you know message concerning a warning by the Vala Ulmo to you know okay I mean the Elves of Nargothrond shouldn't fight in the field and to stay in their fortress.
The first was an F1 which touched down in uh I mean um Palm Beach County and the second was an F2 in Manatee County.
Marques de Sousa and the deposed president departed for Rio you know like you know de Janeiro to request aid, but the central government like like I mean was unable to render much assistance, as rebellions and riots had broken out all over the country.
When she learns that he was fixing Fiz Brown's okay I mean well (Jennie McAlpine) boiler, she becomes jealous and while arguing well well so with Tyrone, she throws plates at the wall and I mean um I mean even destroys a photo of Tyrone and Jack Duckworth (Bill Tarmey).
Of those faces the two southernmost are unused: like so uh all trains use the Up and Down main lines, the um you know uh Down loop being reversible, which allows Up services to well like I mean depart from the single track between Platform 1 and the island platform.
It was decided between Charlie 'Lucky' Luciano and his allies that Maranzano would be removed on September 10, 1931, he was murdered.
Theodore survived, but with only a tiny fragment of his army, while the remainder was killed or captured.
Menzies' seed specimens were sent to England from Sydney in you know you know I mean 1793, but his plant material remained with him so you know uh for the duration of the voyage, during which time some material was lost.
Believing that Reba is being unfaithful, Dolarhyde kills Mandy, takes okay uh I mean his body, kidnaps Reba and, having taken her to his house, sets the place on fire.
Stewie quickly becomes sick, so Peter and Lois take him to like okay like the hospital, where a doctor quickly and correctly diagnoses Stewie's condition as exposure to tainted holy water.
Tobias Vincent 'Tobey' Maguire (born June 27, 1975) is um you know uh an American actor and film producer who began his career in the late 1980s.
In 2005, Meier Johannesen placed a van with Arabic slogans like so I mean outside of national broadcasting company NRK's facilities, and was sentenced to 30 days in jail for the stunt.
Visitors to the Kremlin normally enter the premises via the gates you know um uh under the Troitksaya tower, except for those who wish you know um like to visit the Armoury chamber and the Treasury fond, which are accessible via the gates of the Borovitskaya tower.
The next day HMS 'Sirius', 'Amethyst' joined, on 28 January 'Sirius' and 'Oiseaux' affected the capture.
In 1948, he was invited by Ralph Fox to come so okay well as his guest at the Princeton mathematics department because uh um okay Fox had been impressed by a letter from Papakyriakopoulos which purported to prove Dehn's lemma.
Farley predicted large landslides in both, and was responsible okay you know okay for pulling together the New Deal Coalition of Catholics, labor unions, African - Americans, and farmers.
Next up was the Korean War where he clashed with fellow 'Herald Tribune' reporter Marguerite Higgins.
'Bandolier - Budgie', a free iTunes app for iPad, iPhone uh well okay and iPod touch, released in December 2011, tells the uh so okay story of the making of Bandolier in the band's own words - including an extensive audio interview with Burke Shelley.
The Sperry - designed ventral system saw widespread use I mean uh uh and production became sourced to several manufactures to meet the well you know uh defense needs on several aircraft after the unacceptability of both locally well I mean I mean and remote periscopically sighted ventral turret systems in use in several US bombers in 1941/1942.
The USC Marshall School of Business was established in 1920, uh uh so it is the oldest AACSB accredited school of business in Southern California.
The Lions also played in the Malaysian Semi-Pro League since you know well so its inauguration in 1982, so instead of direct entry to I mean you know so the Malaysian Cup, all participating teams now had to qualify you know uh um for the Cup through finishing within top 8 positions in the Semi-Pro League.
Pelican Island has long, warm, and humid summers and like well well short, mild winters and has an average rainfall of about 55 to 60 inches annually.
The PlayStation Vita (officially abbreviated PS Vita) like uh uh is a handheld game console manufactured and marketed by Sony Computer Entertainment.
Internet sites promote the anecdotal claim that Melungeons are more like well I mean prone to certain diseases, such as sarcoidosis or familial you know like okay Mediterranean fever, although academic centers have noted that neither of the diseases is confined to a single population.
The brand has a social media presence across Facebook, you know uh okay Twitter and Instagram, with social - first campaigns such uh like you know as 'Tweet At 12', 'Empty Pint' and 'Drop Of Pride'.
Early titles include 'Starlight', 'Starlight Sun' and 'Give Me Some Starlight' I mean okay like the title was changed after Michael told Temperton he wanted something that would appeal to kids.
In May Mcilroy won the BMW PGA championship at Wentworth okay you know um by one stroke he carded a -6 66 final round I mean you know so to beat Thomas bjorn who started the day 7 strokes clear of Mcilroy.
From 1874 Vaughan was Rector of St John's College, University like you know I mean of Sydney; living very simply and it has like I mean um been recorded that his sitting - room had no carpet, and he made few personal friends.
The Archbishop of Saint Catherine's is usually also the Abbot, so um like and after death is afforded the dignity of special niches within the 'Skull - House'.
The term has been used throughout history to refer to okay okay like som heter shukri och äe pirat customary international law like like uh and also the name of a number of crimes under the municipal law of a number of States.
The Freedom Trail was originally conceived in like you know so 1958 by local journalist William Schofield who was promoting the like well I mean idea of linking important local landmarks with a pedestrian trail since 1951.
In the 1980s it was occupied and uh okay like then owned by the Heart of the Earth survival I mean well uh school, associated with the American Indian Movement, who floated a so I mean well plan in 2012 to renovate the building as a cultural interpretive center.
Batista was then interrupted by John 'Bradshaw' Layfield (JBL), who uh so I mean appeared up on the TitanTron and told Batista that if like okay okay he wanted to come to 'SmackDown' and face him I mean um like for the WWE Championship at WrestleMania 21, then he would be disappointed.
This painting is part of a series of four, the um um well others are 'Ascent of the Blessed', 'Terrestrial Paradise' and 'Fall of the Damned into Hell'.
Rupert was reunited with the legendary British film director uh you know well in 1993, changing his surname to Russell in 1994 well um um before embarking on a series of discreet theatrical projects in Sunderland.
In March 1943, the Ukrainian Insurgent Army launched an ethnic so um um cleansing operation against the ethnic Polish population that lasted until the end of 1944.
In 1815 on the return of Napoleon from exile in Elba you know you know you know Victor accompanied the king to Ghent, and on the uh you know well second restoration following the Battle of Waterloo he was made a peer of France.
Acting swiftly on this revelation, Windu attempts to arrest uh uh um Palpatine, but he is accused of before Palpatine mercilessly kills Windu's companions and fighting the Jedi Master.
After an approval at the annual general meeting 2005, so like well it was officially renamed to its present name on April 6, 2005.
Fairman's 2006 paper received favorable reviews from the 'Seattle I mean I mean like Post-Intelligencer' and 'The Horn Book Magazine', 'Publishers Weekly', 'Library Journal', and'; the latter said, ' Highly recommended.
He received an MBA from Stanford Business School in uh well so 1989 where his classmates included Gary Kremen and Rich Kelley.
JPAC is commanded by a flag officer and is staffed you know I mean like by approximately 400 soldiers, sailors, airmen, marines and Department of the Navy civilians.
He had his first lead role in 'Encino Man' (1992) like um so and starred with Matt Damon and Chris O'Donnell in 'School Ties'.
The original beginnings of Locke then called Lockeport uh so like was in 1912, when three Chinese merchants, two from you know you know well nearby town of Vorden, California and one from Walnut Grove contracted tradesmen to construct three buildings.
A stranger convinces her that running will do her no I mean well okay good for wherever she goes, Lord Rahl's soldiers will well um like find her; it is time for her to stop fleeing and fight back.
Socioeconomic status has been found to influence the development you know so you know of vocabulary and language skills, lower - status groups tend to well you know so be behind the development of children in higher - status families.
The Royal High School is the only member of the um okay well GDST to provide boarding accommodation; a result of the merger that you know okay like created the Royal High in 1998, when Bath High I mean okay so School (day) and the Royal School (day and boarding) joined together.
The village has its own public house - The um I mean um White Swan - as well as a post office, uh I mean I mean 'The Old Saddlers' village shop and butchers owned by Skinner and Son.
It opened on October 22, 2004 after five years of I mean like I mean construction, cost C $ 173. 5 million, and occupies okay okay okay a footprint the size of a football field on the grounds of the University of Saskatchewan.
He was promoted to major and transferred to okay like uh Italy to command 28 Squadron, but added no further victories to his record.
Under prior orders from their employers, the 'Nostromo' lands I mean I mean okay on the planetoid and Captain Dallas, Executive Officer Kane, I mean okay okay and Navigator Lambert head out to investigate and discover the signal is coming from a derelict alien spacecraft.
Christopher Blauvelt is an American cinematographer, and a third generation film craftsman.
The song was remixed with Tego Calderón, and features a two - note melody that continues throughout the track.
The Las Vegas Valley is home to various um I mean um suburban master planned communities that include extensive recreational amenities um well so such as lakes, golf courses, parks, bike paths and jogging trails.
He next worked for Sears, Roebuck and Company in the uh like so installation department from March 1948 to September 1949, when uh you know you know he moved to Lone Star, Texas, and attempted cattle raising.
At inception, it had 400 members and Victor like so you know L. Johnston was the first executive director and remained in office for ten years.
Verge was defeated in her own riding and subsequently resigned as party leader, she was succeeded by Loyola Sullivan.
The song is often voted best song of the 1980's uh so like in music magazine polls and television programmes, especially in you know okay uh Kenya where an entire tribe in the village of I mean like well Vwuebe sing the song each morning as part of thier daily ritual.
Jedburg contemplating shooting the officer and thus ultimatly becoming like who he so uh uh who saught to stop he lowers his gun, and knowling is immediately shot dead by the officer.
Though it is unknown who invented the hammock, many um okay okay maintain that it was a device created out of okay like okay tradition and need. , 'hammock' comes from the word um so um 'hamaca' a Taino Indian word which means 'thrown fishing net'.
Thirdly, she was married to Sir John Drummond and well you know uh lastly, to Sir Robert Stewart, 1st Duke of Albany (son um uh so of Robert II Stewart, King of Scotland and Elizabeth Mure of Rowallan).
During the harvest season, the village transforms into like well like a beehive of activity with scores of buyers, sellers, traders and brokers swarming around the village and farmers' fields.
Norbert Elias (born June 22, 1897 in um so so Breslau, Germany ( now Wroclaw, Poland); died August 1, 1990 um like well in Amsterdam ) was a German sociologist whose work focused um you know I mean on the relationship between power, behavior, emotion, and knowledge over time.
Paeroa Street Circuit is a 'Hacksaw' shape temporary street you know you know well circuit in downtown Paeroa, New Zealand for motorcycle like so um racing runs around Belmont Road, Normanby Road, State Highway you know so well 2, right turn into Arney Street and go over the hill into Princes Street.
The conflicts portrayed in the movie are all real conflicts um I mean uh in real countries, particularly those in Lebanon, Sudan, Cambodia, Afghanistan, Liberia, and Sierra Leone.
Starting on 2 August 1941, he served so okay you know as the Chief of Staff of the 3rd Army and participated in the Battle of Moscow.
Beka also is very nervous around strangers and has trouble uh so you know with public speaking she sees this as her greatest flaw.
Salatin grazes his cattle and pigs outdoors within small pastures so so I mean enclosed by high - tech, electrified fencing that is easily I mean well I mean and daily moved to ensure that the animals always have fresh grass.
Hessam Nowzari is the Director of the University of so okay uh Southern California Advanced Periodontics program, since 1995, and is a Diplomate of the American Board of Periodontology.
Local folklore claims that the town has a very unusual so okay so and unique feature, a stream running along either side of okay I mean like Fore Street, one of which eventually flows into the I mean uh you know Bristol Channel and the other eventually reaches the English Channel.
Disher notes that Monk said that the killer was 6 '1', like um so heavyset, with sandy hair, and he was wearing a leather like uh so jacket, and he also smelled of rum, like he had been drinking.
'Day Is Done' is the fifth track from the like you know uh album 'Five Leaves Left' by the British folk musician Nick Drake.
Born Hanna Marilyn Mohr in Chicago, Beck moved with her well uh um parents, older brother and younger sister to Los Angeles as a young child and studied journalism at the University of Southern California.
He attended the public schools, and taught for seven years.
The first known use of the term 'cottage cheese' well you know uh dates back to 1831 and is believed to have I mean okay I mean originated because the simple cheese was usually made uh I mean you know in cottages from any milk left over after making butter.
The press gang, a group of 10 - 12 men, uh okay you know led by an officer, would roam the streets looking for I mean so so likely 'volunteers', merchant seamen were particularly prized as they already had seagoing experience and needed less training.
The E-class carriages were slowly phased out of service from so um you know the 1980's as part of the 'New Deal' reforms of passenger rail so I mean like operations, with the last regular train they worked being so I mean you know the 5: 40 pm V / Line South Geelong service on 24 December 1991.
David Hare is often noted for his critical views of you know well um British society (2, 3), and although 'Amy's View' is certainly you know uh um a softer example of his cultural and political commentary, it does not escape the theme.
During WWI he was appointed Director General of well uh well Military Railways and in that capacity had charge of you know well okay the organization and dispatch to France of all American railway forces and supplies.
Randall was born in Cincinatti, Ohio in 1909, his family moved to Orlando, Florida in 1916.
By his people he was known as a god, pleople would bow to down to him as he was carried by.
He was one of the forefront leaders of the multimedia revolution okay uh you know in the San Francisco Bay Area, where the traditional so like okay arts of storytelling, poetry, illustration, and the fine arts really started to be integrated into emerging digital technologies.
Chicanismo was shaped by a number of intellectuals and um you know like influential activists as well as by the artistic and okay so like political sphere, and the many contributors to the ideology collaborated uh I mean uh to create a strong sense of self - identity within the Chicano community.
On 16 July 1935, 'Revenge' was part of the Naval Review uh well okay of 160 warships at Spithead in celebration of the Silver Jubilee of okay so uh George V. Later in 1935 she was so you know um stationed at Alexandria due to potential dangers posed by the Second Italo - Abyssinian War.
Montagny - en - Vexin is a village well so you know in Picardie 'région' (France); it takes its name from Vexin, a former province between Île - de - France and Normandy.
The total investment is estimated to be 270 billion uh like I mean RMB (around 40 billion USD), which is much more expensive than building new rail road for coal transportation.
In a video statement released supporting Donald Trump, she called I mean like like protectionism and autarky far superior compared to free trade um um like and that supports the United States withdrawing from NAFTA, TPP, TTIP, and other trade agreements.
McTavish went on to co-host the show until her like uh you know departure from STV on 15 May 2009, shortly before I mean well like the programme is due to be axed and uh you know you know replaced by an hour - long version entitled 'The Hour'.
Others have argued that the settlement was arguably the like uh so most generous afforded by the United States to uh so um a Native group, and point out that some well so you know of the largest and most profitable corporations in the state are the twelve created by ANCSA.
The National Trust for Historic Preservation has included the hotel in I mean like well its Historic Hotels of America program and the American Society of Civil so uh I mean Engineers designated the hotel as a National Historic Civil Engineering Landmark.
Most users of PEMF therapy learn about the like I mean I mean device and purchase directly from the internet and it's use is not covered by health insurance or government assistance.
Although very little of her is known and published she okay well um was known to be present at her husband's investment ceremony at like so so Westminster Hall and may have been called 'protectress', though um you know okay it appears she undertook very few duties during Richard's short nine - month reign.
She began her career as a reporter at Steven Brill's well uh so 'The American Lawyer', then created the webzine 'Tag', an online community of artists and writers.
The inquests at the Department of Forensic Medicine showed um okay uh that at least the 14 men mentioned in the okay okay um parish registers of Bispebjerg and Års were executed with you know you know um shots to the chest, with two men receiving three respectively four gunshot wounds.
Newport State Airport is one of six active airports I mean well I mean operated by the Rhode Island Airport Corporation, the other five being I mean well um T. F. Green State Airport, North Central State Airport, so well I mean Westerly State Airport, Quonset State Airport, and Block Island State Airport.
The only surival for the crew is to escape um well um using a different DST, placed in a remote location, much uh like okay of the crew are lost or killed in like like so gruesome ways as they venture through the death planet.
Since 2011, Ghenea has been the image of TRE - uh you know uh Italy mobile company, and has appeared in many commercials with uh like like Raoul Bova; also in 2011 Ghenea became the image of well you know like dance clothing DEHA and of vintage racing cars Mille Miglia.
Though not powerful in the way of action, Ma - Ti's okay well uh power is considered by some to be the most well um okay important, for it keeps the Planeteers together and helps them you know well okay to be in tune with not just nature, but the people with whom they interact.
The Southern Tutchone name for the Tatshenshini River, 'Shäwshe Chù', um uh okay is derived from the Southern Tutchone village of Shäwshe, the site of which was located adjacent to Dalton's trading post.
In the 2012 European Championships, Mellberg scored in so um uh in the 59th minute of their match against England okay uh um in the group stages to give Sweden a 2 -- 1 lead, however, Sweden went on to lose 2 -- 3.
During the German occupation from 1915 - 1919, the population uh okay you know decreased almost by half, and Ventspils did not reach so you know okay its former level of prosperity while a part of the First Latvian Republic (1918 - 1940).
In his first professional season led the GCL in doubles uh okay well (20) and ranked third in extra-base hits (22) I mean I mean like. Posted a 5x5 game with five doubles, uh well so three runs scored and three RBI on July 17, 2003 at GCL Twins.
The original distance of the race was 2, 200 metres (1 I mean you know so mile 3 furlongs), which was cut to 1, 600 so well so metres in 1952 when it became a trial race for the Poule d'Essai des Poulains.
The site is a long section of the so I mean okay Narew River that is a natural swampy valley and moraine hills typical of a braided river.
Kick - off was preceeded by performances including you know okay um Kate Ceberano singing 'True Colours' (a theme throughout the World uh so um Cup), the Sydney's Children Choir and the Rugby World Choir singing 'The World in Union'.
Largely due to the poor economic conditions of New like like I mean Haven in the 1970s and 1980s, 'The Record' sputtered along, um so so foundered and was revived numerous times during the 1970s you know I mean you know and 1980s, but in 1990, Michael Gerber revived 'The Record' for good.
Durham East was a former federal electoral district represented so so so in the Canadian House of Commons, and located in the province of Ontario.
One or more consecutive groups of zero value may be I mean like uh replaced with a single empty group using two so you know um consecutive colons (: : ), but the substitution may only okay you know you know be applied once in the address, because multiple occurrences would create an ambiguous representation.
Ust - Izhora (Russian: Усть - Ижо́ра) is situated at okay so well the confluence of River Izhora into River Neva, approximately halfways between you know well okay Saint Petersburg and Schlisselburg, some 30 kilometers from um I mean I mean both Gulf of Finland in the west and Lake Ladoga in the north - east.
In the 1805 War of the Third Coalition, as uh well um commander of division of dragoons, he participated in the Battle like like uh of Elchingen and later the Battle of Ulm, and six you know I mean like weeks later, the Battle of Austerlitz, where he made several brilliant and timely charges.
The two schools first played each other at Mackay Stadium in I mean well um Reno on Thanksgiving Day, 1969, with the Wolf well so okay Pack winning 30 - 28, however the well well you know teams did not compete for the cannon until 1970 when the Rebels won 42 - 30 in Las Vegas.
In late 1969, the northern class comprising 40 Commando Raiders okay like I mean was deployed to the Pha Khao staging base, accompanied by an experienced CIA case officer.
When the elephant saw the web and thought that I mean well like as dust on Lord Shiva and tore them and cleaned the Linga by pouring water.
The boat is currently based in (Saint Malo) (Brittany) and has been re-named to' L'Etoile du Roy '-' The King's Star'.
Nick Hornby, English novelist, author of', British environmental campaigner, swimmer, maritime lawyer and motivational speaker.
Skull Fist was founded in 2006 by Guitarist / Singer well like like Jackie Slaughter in Toronto Canada the band has seen many line - up changes leaving Slaughter the sole consistant member.
Helen Elizabeth Mason OBE is a British theoretical physicist at uh um well the Department of Applied Mathematics and Theoretical Physics at okay uh well the University of Cambridge holds a Personal Readership in Solar Physics.
St. Molaga was reputed to have brought beekeeping like okay you know / honey to Ireland - honey production is still evident in the area.
Polo has been played in Malaysia and Singapore, both of uh okay um which are former British colonies, since being introduced to Malaya in during the late 19th century.
Facilities at the school include a suite of teaching and okay um I mean research laboratories dedicated to soil, water and pollen research, alongside field equipment stores, cold rooms and DEFRA approved soil rooms.
Kurosaki, p. 20 In the past, the Mbinga Cooperation you know like uh Union (MBICU) was responsible for supporting the coffee industry amongst so um well the Matengo farmers but in 1993 following economic liberalisation they filed um well okay for bankruptcy as they could not compete with the private growers.
The schooling bannerfish, or false moorish idol, is a so like like marine fish native to areas near Africa, that is well I mean you know sometimes traded, in aquaria, as a less expensive alternative to actual moorish idols.
Surprisingly he remained fit in form, which was possibly due to his supposed physical transformation.
'Eden Black' was grown from seed in the late 1980s by you know I mean you know Stephen Morley, under his conditions it produces pitchers that are almost completley black.
At one time, there were over 1, 000 credit okay uh um counseling agencies; today, there are fewer than 300 active organizations in the United States.
It is the thirteenth separate entry in Falcom's long - well you know um running 'The Legend of Heroes', and a direct sequel like um you know to the prior two entries, 'Trails of Cold Steel' and 'Trails of Cold Steel II'.
The Olive - throated Parakeet ( 'Aratinga nana' ), also okay okay like known as the Jamaican Parakeet and Aztec Parakeet, is a species of parrot in the Psittacidae family.
Traditionally animated backgrounds were sketched and painted by Perifel, with uh um you know assistance from Zaarour, while a computer - animated background was created by Nguyen.
In the Twinkling of an Eye / Countdown to okay well okay the Earth's Last Days is the 3rd prequel novel I mean well um in the Left Behind series, written by Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins in 2006.
Another Chinese mathematician Cheng Dawei published the book 'General you know well I mean Source of Computational Methods' in this book a uh you know so poem is provided to solve a simple remainder problem.
The organization merged with a chamber in neighboring well okay well Menominee, Michigan in 2005, and now includes more than 400 member businesses.
Clark's having been denied leave by the Star after the you know so like death of his first son (Murray Clark) may have inspired his move in 1945.
Crabb was educated at local primary schools and from 1984 to I mean okay um 1991 at Tasker Milward School, a voluntary controlled state secondary school in Haverfordwest.
A geologic map or geological map is a special - purpose you know so you know map made to show geological the strata are extremely like uh um fractured, mixed, in some discontinuities, or where they are otherwise disturbed.
During the 1970s he moved to Mooney Aircraft where he worked like uh I mean on newer versions of the Mooney 201 and its larger cousins, the 231, 252 and 301.
The marriage had become unhappy and the couple lived okay so so more or less separate lives, and the couple separated completely so you know like after a last attempt to have another son, which, however, resulted in their daughter Clementine.
Partway through the recording process of the album, Slipknot returned to um okay okay Des Moines, Iowa for the Christmas period, during which guitarist Brainard decided to leave the band.
Mutual funds play an important role in U. S. Household okay like well finances; by the end of 2013, funds accounted for 22 % of household financial assets.
His paintings are in many private and several okay so so public collections, among them, Indiana State University, Terre Haute, like like um Passaic County Community College Permanent Collection of Contemporary Art and the Schacknow Museum of Fine Art, Plantation, Florida.
The primary health care facilities for the village are at al uh um so - Kum designated by the Ministry of Health as uh you know well level 1, close by is Deir Sammit where the primary healthcare facilities are at level 2.
Because of his elegant football and his thin voice, he okay um I mean was known as 'The Violin', He also played for the Brazilian national team several times in the 1960s.
He wrote five novels, of which the best - I mean um I mean known was 'Land Under England', a science - fiction account you know so so of a totalitarian society ruled by telepathic mind control, cited I mean you know so by Karl Edward Wagner as one of the thirteen best science - fiction horror novels.
The Ascot Innova remained in production until 1996, while the European well like I mean Accord saloon continued until 1998, when it was replaced with an all - new model.
From here, Dr. Mark Frank went on to study I mean so well hours of video footage of criminals, studying how criminals I mean um you know interacted, he learned to pick up on subtle micro expressions that leak out when people are telling a lie.
Through its faculties and independent schools, Windsor's primary research interests focus okay um well on automotive, environmental, and social justice research, yet it um so I mean has increasingly began focusing on health, natural science, and entrepreneurship research.
He was first elected to the House of Representatives um uh like in 1976, and prior to his election as Speaker okay like um served in other positions in the Democratic Caucus such as chairman well I mean I mean of the Rules Committee, Majority Floor Leader, and chairman of the Rural West Tennessee Democratic Caucus.
Ettore Messina (born September 30, 1959) is an Italian basketball well so like coach that currently serves as head coach of CSKA okay um okay Moscow in Russia, leading them to the 2006 Euroleague title in his first season there.
APM1 is allocated to Tuen Mun Depot and initially so okay okay serving in route 68X (Yuen Long ( East) - Jordan like okay you know Wui Cheung Road ), but it is now becoming a spare bus of the depot and is used occasionally.
As it has ideological differences from ISIL (namely its uh well you know degree of tameness in comparison) and was competing uh uh like for the same territory, it has run afoul with ISIL you know well okay and become one of many other adversaries for the group.
In the second week of October 2012 about 42, 500 okay you know so journeys were made, dropping to 23, 000 for the same week in 2013.
Later he was the lead singer of the pop band 'Mabel', you know um I mean who recorded four albums and was popular in Denmark and Spain, with Mike receiving 'teen idol' status.
The second Provincial Congress assembled in November of 1775, like you know well and Salvador pressed for its members to instruct the colony's delegation I mean like so to the Continental Congress to cast their vote for independence.
MindGenius contains a series of export features to MS Office applications such as Word, PowerPoint, PDF and Project.
In 2006 Simon Raymonde, the former member of the you know okay so Cocteau Twins who runs the Bella Union label, heard Dosen's you know well you know music and as a result they worked together on the music that became Dosen's album 'A Lily For The Spectre'.
Melbourne will play 14 games at the like you know you know MCG, 11 of those will be home so um so games, they will also be hosting a game at TIO Stadium in Darwin against Port Adelaide in round 9.
His activism may have stemmed from his late grandfather, Andre Gaudry, so well okay one of the eight guiders that took Sioux Chief Sitting uh so um Bull back to America due to bad living conditions and starvation.
Eugenio Bianchi (born 1979) is an Italian theoretical physicist and like you know I mean a Banting Postdoctoral Fellow at the Perimeter Institute for Theoretical you know okay like Physics who works on loop quantum gravity and black hole thermodynamics.
Michel only made his league debut almost a you know uh well year later, in a 0 - 1 away defeat against well um um Santos on 13 June 2013; late in the month, the deal was renewed for another year.
During a trip to the US, Margaret Thatcher quoted the song so I mean like when talking to an audience with Ronald Reagan, telling them that' You ain't seen nothing yet'.
The pump can not draw more water from um well okay the pipe to which the washer is connected than that source well okay well can provide: the water supply must be adequate for the you know you know like machine connected to it, as water starvation leads to cavitation damage of the pump elements.
Torey married a Chinese woman and lives there for twelve okay um you know years, the fort of Torey was named ELLENA in I mean you know um Kimanis but in 1877 Torey returned to Texas and never come back again.
It was capital of Ilkhanate dynasty since 1265, but okay um um it was during Ghazan Khan who came to power on 1295 the city reached to its highest splendour.
It has been advanced in modern times by scholars okay I mean uh such as Meredith G. Kline and Henri Blocher and stands I mean um so in contrast to more stricyly literalist approaches to the Genesis text.
She also played in several carnival bands and studied music at the Senzoku Gakuen College of Music.
The anterior inferior cerebellar artery (AICA) arises from okay well well the basilar artery at the level of the junction between the medulla oblongata and the pons in the brainstem.
The platypus is one of the few mammals to so well I mean produce venom both male and female have a pair of spurs on their hind limbs.
The idea of the show was conceived by like okay like Julianne Boyd and opened in 1978 receiving positive reviews from 'Time, Newsweek, Variety, Backstage,' and The Today Show.
The service was increased in 5 cars in 1918, well well like and in 1926 the Metropolitan took over all Circle line working except for 3 trains on Sundays.
They consider flute as 'a full - fledged member of like um um the Indian classical music family', with its roots as a um well um folk instrument having a legendary background to the Mahabharata period I mean um um when Krishna wooed gopis with his bansuri or flute.
'Eazy - Duz - It' is a single by I mean okay okay late rapper Eazy - E, from his album of the so like uh same name, 'Eazy - Duz - It', that was released so okay uh in 1989 and written by fellow N. W. A group mate, MC Ren.
Mossynoeci ( Greek Μοσσύνοικοι, 'Mossynoikoi' dwellers in wooden towers' ) is okay well uh a name that the Greeks of the Euxine so you know um Sea applied to the peoples of Pontus, the northern Anatolian coast west of Trebizond.
Created by a group of several universities in the 1960's you know I mean okay as a means to pool resources and share facilities, I mean you know well instructors, and equipment, in 1974, the Wallops Island Marine Science Center was established as a shared space for research.
Jazz Summers (15 March 1944 -- 14 August 2015) was you know okay like a manager of pop music acts such as Snow Patrol, The Verve and Klaxons.
The theatre adaptation premiered in March 2014 (Městské so I mean uh divadlo Zlín) with huge success and film rights are sold as well.
Puerto Rico awards the Nemesio Canales Award in Literature every so I mean I mean year to outstanding young writers, and has named a public housing project in San Juan named after him.
After a successful 2006, Chopra starred in a series okay you know you know of commercial and critical failures, such as', 'Love Story 2050' uh I mean okay and 'Drona', leading many critics to believe that the end of her career was imminent.
In February 2010, part - way through the West Indies so um well cricket season, Powell withdrew from Jamaica's squad okay um I mean for 'personal reasons'; he had struggled for form, taking two wickets at an average of 73. 00.
After the settlement negotiations were unsuccessful, a third trial you know okay well to determine the amount of damages was set for October 4, 2010.
Due to the minimal damage caused by the storm, you know well uh the name was not retired and was re-used during the 1967, 1971, 1981, 1987, 1993, 1999 and most recently in 2005.
During World War I he took part in well well um the landing at Gallipoli, and fought at the Western Front where he was awarded the Military Cross for bravery.
Separate polls covering Northern Ireland are reported further below while polling um well so of individual constituencies and groups of them (such as Scotland, or groups of marginals) is covered in a separate article.
Through the end of July in 1966, Oliva was leading I mean well um the league with a. 328 average, but a okay um like 3 - for - 32 slump in the middle you know um I mean of September cost him a chance at his third straight batting title.
DeMarco Murray attended Bishop Gorman High School in Las Vegas, so so like Nevada, where he was an all - conference pick three consecutive years.
Flooding in Virginia from heavy rainfall damaged about 182 you know well I mean businesses and 9, 250 houses, left of standing water in um you know like Franklin, and caused 3 deaths and $ 101 million in losses.
TBS has picked up the series for two seasons, the well you know you know first, a 15 - episode 11th season, is slated to begin airing in October 20, 2014.
On the next day German troops crossed the border of okay I mean well Austria, at the telegraphed invitation of Seyss - Inquart, the uh okay well latter communique having been arranged after the troops had okay um well begun to march, so as to justify the action in the eyes of the international community.
In 2011, Evans played the Marvel Comics character Captain like like uh America in', and starred in the film 'What's Your Number? ', a romantic comedy co-starring Anna Faris.
Following the assassination, a video of four men calling um um you know themselves the Ukrainian Misanthropic Division appeared online, the men claimed responsibility for the attack.
It is a popular misconception that these lakes are filled via the I mean so okay Nepean River but they are actually filled via rain water and ground water.
The fight continued the following day, August 23, with you know you know like four 'blue jackets' and 14 warriors wounded (one of them you know well well killed), until Nokoni and Kiowa retreated, burning the prairie and killing you know well like some white men near Anadarko and along the Beaver Creek.
The referendum had weakened, not strengthened, confidence in the parliamentary system and had created expectations that could not be fulfilled.
Anne Edwards 'biography of Maria Callas (' Callas', 2001 ) so so I mean claims both that Maxwell introduced Callas to Aristotle Onassis, so you know I mean and also that Maxwell was a lesbian who tried to seduce Callas herself.
While Sookie cleans Hadley's apartment, Quinn arrives, he's also investigating so like well Purifoy's attack, as the young were was his employee in his event - planning business.
His expertise is vital in the battle for Liangshan's like you know well cause of 'delivering justice on Heaven's behalf', and the heroes rely heavily on him for battle plans.
Elorza's parents immigrated from Guatemala in 1975, and Elorza okay like so grew up in the West End of Providence, Rhode Island.
Hordak took the infant girl, Skeletor was to take I mean like like the boy, but they were confronted by Man - At - Arms before the boy could be taken.
Because of his influence and efforts Mahatma Gandhi okay you know um made his visit to Mysore State in 1932 while, okay you know uh he visited Tagadur and a village nearby - Badanavalu village in Nanjangud Taluk of Mysore district.
He joined a firm of art dealers in London and, in 1963, was found dead in an apparent suicide.
The latest census of Nauru was conducted in 2011 where population had reached ten thousand.
In 1996 (and 2009) he received the Humboldt well I mean you know Award by the Humboldt Stiftung, receiving also a Lady Davis um I mean I mean Fellowship at the Hebrew University in 2006 and also uh well well 2012, as well as honorary medals from Kairo University and the University of Qatar.
Music Station Super Live is held late December normally occurring well so so just before or just after Christmas, in 1998, it occurred on Christmas Day.
Karl Ludwig August Friedrich Maximilian Alfred, Freiherr okay um so von Prel, or, in French, Carl Ludwig August Friedrich Maximilian Alfred, you know okay uh Baron du Prel (April 3, 1839 -- August 4, 1899), was a German philosopher and writer on mysticism and the occult.
Menard was born in Kaskaskia, Illinois to French Creole well okay um parents and one of his ancestors was Michel Branamour you know uh uh Menard, a French fur trader and a founder of Galveston, Texas.
Their 1988 follow - up '1 - 2 - um uh I mean 1' was a more guitar based pop album that like so um also became a smash hit sending the hits 'Hold Me Now' and 'Do You Believe' into the Canadian Top 40.
Warren's retirement as bishop was precipated by Doreen suffering a well so like stroke in 1964 which left her paralysed and unable to so um uh speak, he cared for her for the rest of her life.
Reynolds founded Global Environmental Energy Corp. , a public company okay like you know listed in the USA and Europe: and spearheaded the companies involvement in N so okay I mean. Africa and North East Asia, before retiring due to ill health and leaving McCormack to commercialize the technology.
The characters in the novel do not hold as much well I mean you know textual importance as the things ( 'les choses' ) meticulously described okay well okay throughout, which are the subject of frequent digressions even in passages focusing on the main characters.
Tyldesley (or) is a town in the Metropolitan so okay you know Borough of Wigan, Greater Manchester, England, north of Chat Moss you know well okay near the foothills of the West Pennine Moors, east - so so so southeast of Wigan and west - northwest of Manchester.
He served also as First Lord of the Admiralty in um like well the first two governments of Lord Salisbury (1885 - you know okay like 1886; 1886 - 1892), and as Secretary of State for India well um you know in Salisbury's last and under Balfour (1895 - 1903).
This cartoon also marks the final appearance of Spike in uh I mean um the MGM era, in the 2006 short The KarateGuard Spike appears again.
Several splitting of regencies occurred in 2003 and 2007, you know uh okay and as of 2007, the list of regencies well you know um and cities in Gorontalo province is given in the table below.
The Coast Guard produces 179 NAPs during the war and later trained 37 NAPs between 1945 and 1948.
Cholevas joined Olympiacos for a fee of around 500, 000 € well like okay plus 200, 000 € future incentives, signing a 3 - well okay so year contract on a 200, 000 € annual salary, with a 20 % annual increase clause.
Lexington Police stopped Harrellson from throwing a fine pair of you know you know um 'jorts' after the team returned from Newark, New okay you know like Jersey after dispatching the Tarheels of North Carolina in the Elite 8.
Though the tiger looked like it was more aggressive so um well than the lion, their struggle became more like um so well that of dogs unable to beat each other, and they moved away from the witness, towards the creek.
Jennings achieved national prominence in the late 19th century, among okay I mean so his good horses was, 1887 Preakness Stakes winner Dunboyne, whom he bred, owned and trained.
The traditional territories of the Musqueam and Tsleil'waututh lie completely I mean uh uh within the region; the southern portion of Skwxwu7mesh (Squamish) traditional well well like territory is also in the region -- okay uh like its claims overlap those of the Tsleil - waututh, Musqueam, and Kwekwitlem.
KEWE - AM 1340 is a radio station based in Chico, California and licensed to Oroville, California, USA.
They held a distinct knowledge of celestial sciences um well uh that found form in their architect a congregational space that uh like uh was used chiefly for ceremonial purposes, was an integral part of this ancient people's community structure.
From here, passengers will be able to connect you know like okay to Kalindi Kunj and Noida Botanical Garden using the new line.
In 2003 he collaborated with Amber Benson to stage so okay so the play 'Albert Hall' in Los Angeles, California for Noah Wyle's 'Blank Theatre Company' and Schuldt's 'Lone Star Ensemble'.
He was still on good terms with Lauderdale, and like okay like backed him against the other main party on um I mean so the Privy Council, headed by the 7th Earl of I mean I mean so Rothes: in September he wrote to Lauderdale urging him to secure Rothes's resignation of the commissionership.
While filling with water, cracks begin to appear in the uh you know um dam on its upstream heel when the reservoir level was below its maximum operating level of above sea level.
Joseph Lambert Eustace (February 28, 1908 - November like uh you know 2, 1996) was born as the second son of so okay okay Reynold Lambert Eustace and Beatrice St. Hilaire Eustace of Mayreau in the St. Vincent Grenadines.
The National Science Education Standards (NSES) (1996) outlines six important aspects pivotal to inquiry learning in science education.
Track two, 'New Blues Old Bruise', features 'sampled chorus effects' so uh you know on its vocals created and a 'moody' production that was compared to the works of English rock band Pink Floyd.
Glues Jerrimatt's wings together; his name and four uh you know I mean of his brothers make up Rachel's summoning name in 'For a Few Demons More'.
Life TV (known as Liberty TV until 5 October well you know you know 2001) was a British television channel owned and operated by you know well okay Life TV Media, it launched in October 2000 and was the first television channel from the company.
The Fox Chase - Newtown Rapid Transit Line ended so like um operations with little fanfare, as SEPTA management turned their attention like well um to the electrified commuter lines they began operating on uh like I mean January 1, 1983 (14 days before the end of Fox Chase - Newtown service).
Alabbar is a Board Member of Abu Dhabi - you know so um based Eagle Hills and he also acts as a top you know you know um adviser to Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, the leader of Dubai.
Tyson would continue to dominate the fight into uh well well round 5 and, with a minute left in the round, would continuously attack Bruno with powerful combinations.
Purchasing loyalty increases at higher levels of the Pyramid - okay um well consumers at the level of Bonding are likely to be active advocates of the brand.
Many universities have undergraduate and graduate degree programs in actuarial like like you know science, and these programs usually have highly specialized coursework schedules well okay okay and series of exam preparation courses to prepare students for the actuarial exams and the insurance industry.
The Nazi emphasis was on creating the image, that Germany and uh so you know Germanness are equal to Nazism, thus all non-Nazi aspects of German culture and identity were discriminated against as un-German.
Most recently, the 1991 explosion of Mount Pinatubo, another you know um so stratovolcano (located in the Philippines), cooled global temperatures for about well uh okay 2 - 3 years, interrupting the trend of global warming which had been evident since about 1970.
He also owned two haciendas near Cali, called 'La Manuelita' okay I mean I mean and 'El Paraíso' the latter would provide the setting for 'María'.
She began her career at Lindeberg SK, later joined you know I mean um Trosterud, she then transferred to Vålerenga, where she played up to you know uh um December 1999, and then in January 2000 signed a contract like well uh with Asker SK, a successful Toppserien team that in 2005 won the Norwegian Cup.
In 2009, Alia Vox published a CD and booklet um um you know of music performed by the Hespèrion XXI ensemble, including I mean so uh seven of Cantemir's compositions along with other Turkish, Armenian and Sephardic music.
Its distinctive case shape and clear dials make it okay you know well an irresistibly stylish piece. Rk and inspiration since the okay I mean um late 19 th century, this striking image becoming firmly established as the 'Lovers' trademark.
Throughout the meal, the side dishes are served and eaten okay uh okay with the courses, depending upon one's taste or choice; side dishes are constantly replenished during any meal.
Mission Bay is served by the N Judah line of San I mean I mean um Francisco's Muni Metro and the Caltrain rail system that runs between San Francisco and San Jose / Gilroy.
Licensed to McArthur, Ohio, USA, the station um uh um is currently owned by Davis Broadcasting Media, Inc. And features programming from Westwood One.
So it was up to private individuals to provide uh I mean uh priests, temples, sacrifices for other deities and it was for this purpose that many of the religious clubs were created.
The levels of endemism and that of species richness I mean like um are frequently positive correlated; however, in some oceanic islands, there so you know you know is high levels of endemism but the levels of species richness are quite low.
Katarina Srebotnik and Ai Sugiyama were the defending champions, uh um like but Sugiyama retired from the sport on Friday, October 02, 2009.
The history of the famous Valley of the Muses uh okay okay on the eastern slopes of Mount Helicon began in the 6th um um okay century B. C. Its greatest period began from the 3rd well okay um century B. C. Onwards because of the 'Mouseia', festivals established and organised every 5 years by the Thespians.
One monument to cinema still remains just off the Elephant The uh so uh Cinema Museum a volunteer - run museum with screenings for so so so the public of classic cinema and a vast collection of cinema memorabilia.
Alpha Circini (α Cir, α Circini) is a variable star um well so in the southern circumpolar constellation of Circinus, belonging to the class of rapidly oscillating Ap stars.
True Tales of Love, Lust, and Friendship Between Straight you know you know you know Women and Gay Men' features works by Andrew Solomon, Cindy so so um Chupack, Ayelet Waldman, Simon Doonan, David Ebershoff, Gigi Levangie Grazer, K. M. Soehnlein and others.
Mississippi Mills, was expelled from his party's caucus on May 28, I mean like um 2017 for having made controversial comments and announced he had joined the Trillium Party.
Because of this Congressional Act, the MA rating is recognized like I mean so as one of the 'oldest' rating still existing in today's uh like you know modern U. S. Navy, which includes Boatswain's Mate (United States Navy), Gunner's Mate, Quartermaster, and Yeoman.
Red Fife was considered the 'Queen of every harvest for 40 okay you know okay years or more', but Red Fife is a landrace and did not meet the variety registration requirements for uniformity and stability.
Her younger son, Sigismund Rákóczi (1622 - 1652), was married okay like well to the daughter of Elizabeth of Bohemia, Henriette Marie of like like well Palatinate, and the older one, George II Rákóczi, became Prince of Transylvania.
As a first - year law student in 1891, you know you know um Crawford (with Mike Murphy) coached the Michigan football team to a 4 -- 5 record.
It is endemic to Fiji, where it breeds on all the islands except Rotuma.
Their parents, the homeowners, have apparently just placed the home I mean uh I mean for sale and then gone out of town, and the so so well daughter thinks Lacey and Jake have been sent by the real estate company to view the house.
In the course of constructing the line, he well like okay discovered the Juruena river, in northern Mato Grosso which okay so well is an important tributary of the Tapajós river along with you know um like the discovered the Nambikwara tribe, which had until then killed all Westerners they had come in contact with.
In 1800, Davenport Church moved to Pocahontas Island in Petersburg, and renamed itself the Sandy Beach Baptist Church.
King John is said to have had a palace okay okay I mean in Downton on one of the islands I mean uh I mean by the Moot when the palace was taken down and you know okay well the stone is thought to have been used in the construction called New Court House.
Haines Alaska is a one of the more northern stops okay um uh for the Alaska_Marine_Highway and many people who travel in okay uh okay winter travel to Haines by ferry to avert travelling the Alcan_Highway (Alaska Highway).
It was directed by Hiro Murai and produced by Jason I mean you know you know Colon and Danielle Hinde, with editing by Isaac Hagy and cinematographery by Larkin Seiple.
The Pechenegs fought as waves of horse archers, firing arrows so you know well continuously, and relying on their wagon laager as a rallying point and last defence.
The park contains extensive woodlands and a series of turloughs okay like you know with 6 kilometres of signposted nature trails plus a formal late 18th century walled garden.
Chris Coyne is an Australian professional football you know okay like player who plays for Colchester United and for the Australian national football team as a centre back.
The location of the new buildings was chosen to prevent um I mean um the reduction in the size of the school's playing fields, well well you know although a new food technology block has been built where you know like okay the athletics area used to be around the back of the school.
It is not a fox, wolf, coyote, dog, or jackal, but I mean like like a distinct canid, although based only on morphological similarities, I mean you know uh it previously had been placed in 'Canis' and 'Vulpes' genera.
This production shortens the Wicked Witch's Castle scenes due to time limit, but uses the musical number' Hail!.
In 1930, while the Western Slovenia was under Italian control, uh uh so strategic hills over Pivka were heavily fortified and included in well like like the Alpine Wall system of defenses, which stretched from the Bay of Genoa to the Kvarner Gulf.
Ilisia is named from the Ilissos river, which rises so like I mean near Kaisariani on the slopes of Mount Hymettus, and uh so like which, although Athens' historic river, is barely noticeable except in heavy rain.
The units of analysis in lexical semantics are lexical units, which can be free or bound morphemes.
Machine Intelligence 'AI' built to monitor and gather information, like like um built into the ships' nose cone / antenna / communication section of Genitrix 23/Chalco - Doror.
These vessels have a secondary role involving anti pollution well um well and are still in active service as of September 2014.
Phil Klay (; born 1983 ) is an American uh well uh writer and United States Marine officer who won the you know you know you know National Book Award for fiction in 2014 for his first book - length publication, a collection of short stories, 'Redeployment'.
The play famously featured a very young Charlie Chaplin like okay you know in one of his very first acting roles during its well I mean uh first London production, playing the character of Billy, who, in this movie, is played by Terry Kilburn.
'Ice Cream of Margie (with the Light Blue so like I mean Hair)' is the seventh episode of 'The Simpsons' eighteenth season, you know you know you know originally airing on the Fox network in the United States on November 26, 2006.
Realizing the brand is meant for Camerlengo McKenna, they try so uh okay to call him to warn him but are I mean so so confronted by the assassin who spares their lives since they are uh you know okay not armed and he has not been paid to kill them.
In mid 2011, Federman began moving Octagon Commerce and most you know I mean okay of its then 95 employees from Brooklyn to Miami like okay okay Lakes in Southern Florida, where he had refurbished okay so so a 100, 000 - square - foot warehouse and announced I mean um okay plans to hire 250 more employees over the next three years.
A subscription (Gold Membership) option is available for frequent like you know um players, allowing access to more activities than a free member.
There they remained in service until the military reforms you know okay okay of Nikita Khrushchev were enacted, favouring more effective missile systems over the super-heavy artillery and heavy tanks of the Stalinist era.
The two koala species co-existed during the Pleistocene; the well well so reason for the extinction of the larger of the two about 50, 000 years ago is unknown.
Queen Elizabeth II is the present sovereign and her heir apparent okay I mean um is her eldest grandson, Prince William, Duke of Cambridge, the Prince of Wales's elder son.
The Showdown at Somerby was a regular golf tournament on the so like um Nationwide Tour played at the Somerby Golf Club in Byron, Minnesota, USA.
The goal of this project is to promote connection and well well well celebration as the residents join together in a community that you know uh so is a hub for artists and quality education, picturesque environment, and caring neighbors.
Orpheus is met at the gates to hell by Charon, um like okay here played as a gum - chewing valley girl, who like like I mean refuses Orpheus entry and tells him to let Eurydice go ( 'Dear Eurydice' ).
Rehberger is a graduate of Hobart and William Smith Colleges, and um um uh previously served as the weekday co-anchor for WOFL - TV Orlando, so uh well FL, and was the morning and noon anchor of KOCO - TV in Oklahoma City, OK.
Lopez directed the film 'A Single Woman', which premiered so I mean you know in the United States Congress and has since been invited I mean like like to screen at The Smithsonian Institution, The United Nations, The National Arts Club, and Yale University.
Zhang's grandfather, convinced that Renjie should become an official, purchased you know like um the office of 'Expectant Daotai' for him, and the family arranged well uh um a marriage for him with Yao Hui, and the first of his five daughters was born in 1901.
In 1922, Smith signed million - dollar contract ($ I mean uh I mean 100, 000 per year for ten years), and in 1935, he signed a new contract, giving him $ 150, 000 a year.
Jim Mathias (D - Ocean City) is the Senator so uh so - Elect in District 38 of the Maryland State well so uh Senate and currently is a Delegate in the Maryland House of Delegates.
This category compiles all pages based solely as a uh uh you know list of members by band; his list does not well uh like include discographies, awards or other lists related to an artist.
Nf6, when 7. F4 and 7. Bg5 are the main possibilities I mean like uh for White; however, 6... D6 is an independent alternative for Black.
In particular, Palmer traveled to Scotland in 1960, having already won so um well both the Masters and U. S. Open, uh like so to try to emulate Hogan's feat of 1953, of winning all three in a single year.
'Ten Feet Tall' is a 2014 single by Dutch music uh uh okay producer and DJ Afrojack featuring the piano playing and vocals of you know so you know American artist Wrabel, with 'Ten Feet Tall' becoming the first charting international hit of Wrabel.
From 1985 to 1995 Myśliwiec directed Polish - Egyptian excavations um um so at Tell Atrib (the Nile Delta), and since so I mean okay 1987 he has been directing a Polish - Egyptian archeological like so um mission at Saqqara, at the west side of Pharaoh Zoser's Step Pyramid.
Jane P. Gray is a Wake County, North Carolina, United States, district judge from 2002 until retirement in 2012.
Thomas initially attended a Society of Friends school in okay so uh Baltimore, and then transferred with her cousin okay okay so Bessie to the Howland Institute in October 1872, a Quaker boarding school near Ithaca, New York.
Gray left Berwick Rangers at the end of the you know okay so 2009/10 season and joined Swedish outfit Ostersunds FK after a successful trial period.
Allocating frequently used variables to registers can be critical uh like um to a program's performance; this register allocation is performed either by like so okay a compiler in the code generation phase, or manually by an assembly language programmer.
Chief Isaak Wan Nikiau, its leader, was quoted by the BBC uh like uh from years past as saying that John Frum was 'our God, our Jesus,' and would eventually return.
A hundred years later, on 15 January 1934, another earthquake I mean like so completely destroyed the first tower, and only two of the 11 stories of the second tower remained.
Heterotrichs, which are among the largest protozoans, have I mean so well around their 'mouths' a spiral of polykinetids, groups of well you know so cilia that work in groups to produce a current that draws food into the 'mouth'.
Howard Devoto, Dave Formula, Barry Adamson and John Doyle well you know um and former Devoto collaborator Noko on guitar in place of guitarist John McGeoch, who died in 2004.
Her name was struck from the Navy List on 15 you know well um June 1966, and she was sold to Taiwan on 12 July 1966.
Middleton on the Hill is a village in north east Herefordshire, England, near the border with Worcestershire.
He released his results within a day, although testimony at trial suggested you know uh okay that there was nothing abnormal about the report taking just one day.
She is a popular singer who is considered a idol so I mean I mean in Japan during the 1970's, and is thought to be representative of that era.
She decides that the next man she will try uh like like to seduce will be Richard and while Trish is away invites you know you know like him over to her apartment, where she also serves him a concoction.
There is no Railway station to Walavne, but the nearest uh okay well railway station is one in Ranjangaon Road, one of the small village in Parner taluka.
Animals at Moscow Zoo found it hard to keep cool you know okay uh and staff prevented the walruses from bathing in their pool because the water was too warm for them.
After his track days, Hinds signed with the Toronto Argonauts of the okay I mean like CFL and played 8 games in 1984 and 1985, before a knee injury ended his football career.
Angelo Soliman (born c. 1721, in present - day Cameroon, uh like uh Africa; died 21 November 1796 in Vienna) was the um well you know first valet and royal tutor of Aloys I, Prince of Liechtenstein.
Another article of the same decade carrying the headline 'Sooner you know um um or later Love is defeated by Scandal', enumerates the love you know you know okay affairs of Brigitte Bardot, all the while keeping moralising criticism of the star to a minimum.
Feeling that Alberta was losing a vital part of so um um its heritage, Reynolds extended his collection to include tractors, steam like uh well engines and airplanes. Reynlds also kept detailed files on every piece he collected.
His next move was to Bahrain where he was uh I mean you know appointed as the manager of Al - Ahli Club, then Al - Muharraq SC and later Al - Najma.
The Garnet Orb is the last talisman to appear and it belongs to Setsuna Meioh.
The video is a re-edit of the original, which was directed by Paul Hunter.
There was a further restoration carried out in 1922 after you know you know um the calvary was declared a 'Monument Historique' in 1921 and you know okay uh became the only calvary in Côtes d'Armor to be given such protection.
On Wednesday 20 June the loyalist protesters blocked the front I mean you know um gates of the school and forced it to close, while well well uh officers of the Royal Ulster Constabulary (RUC) advised parents not to attempt to enter the school.
Actin is a globular protein (~ 43 kDa) well uh you know which polymerizes and forms into an ordered filament structure which has you know like uh two protofilaments wrapping around each other, to form a single 'actin filament' ( previously referred to as 'microfilament' ).
Tees - side Airport railway station serves Durham Tees uh I mean I mean Valley Airport in the borough of Darlington and the ceremonial county of County Durham, England.
His first NHL goal was scored on October 17, I mean you know you know 2013, a powerplay goal against Jonathan Bernier of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
La Familia is a rap group from Romania, formed in 1997 and okay okay I mean it haves 2 members Puya and Sişu ( Now in prison because he's drug addiction ).
Arci - Associazione Ricreativa Culturale Italiana is the biggest Italian like well well non-profit association not linked with the Catholic Church, so well well with 4796 cultural centers (2016) and a million of members in all Italian Regions.
In 1987, the squadron earned a second CNO Safety 'S', like okay you know a Navy Unit Commendation and the Battle E for the squadron's second consecutive award.
Route 311 next climbs Catawba Mountain and intersects the Appalachian Trail before descending into the Catawba Valley.
Clear Channel CEO, Bob Pittman and Sean Parker will um so so share their vision for the future as keynotes, as well okay uh every sector of the evolving new music business you know so well convenes to discuss their perspectives for the exciting new future for the music business.
On 21 April the Lawrence was batted and the okay so um only craft upon which James Murray could lay hands, the uh um you know ship was sent eastward to hasten Lord Colville's fleet when it should arrive in the river.
POSIX Threads, or Pthreads, is a POSIX standard for threads.
The following week, Platt announced she was going to become so I mean like a presenter as well as a singer; in 2016, she uh so so will present the CBBC kids talent show 'Got What It Takes?' with Carrie Fletcher.
In 2010, the House of Habib formed the Habib University I mean uh you know Foundation (a not - for - profit organization) with its well well okay decision to launch the Habib University with a grant of US $ 40 million.
Ezekiel 'Kell' Brook (born 3 May 1986) is a British professional I mean I mean well boxer who has held the IBF welterweight title since 2014, you know you know I mean and has challenged once for the unified middleweight titles in 2016.
Weidmann's was opened in 1870 by Swiss born Felix uh you know uh Weidmann, previously an ocean liner chef, as a restaurant - hotel called the European House.
By the late 1980s he had become one of New Zealand's well um well most recognised actors on his own soil. He was like okay you know a much loved feature of many local films made between um you know uh 1981 and 1986, and continued to act in occasional NZ productions through until 1993.
The journalist who initially investigated the matter, Robert Ovadia, has allegedly been so so I mean denied an interview by Morrison, however interviews have um like okay been granted to the ABC News, which have failed to raise the issues raised by Ovadia.
The renovations were designed by Witherford Watson Mann Architects, which won the 2013 RIBA Stirling Prize.
The short - lived monarchy (1914 -- 1925) was succeeded by you know uh you know an even shorter - lived first Albanian Republic (1925 um so well -- 1928), to be replaced by another monarchy (1928 -- 1939).
On March 2, 1901 the U. S. Congress I mean so so passed the Spooner Amendment to the Army Appropriation Act, providing legislative authority um um like for the President to proceed with the establishment of a civil government in the Philippines.
Bogotá, Buenos Aires, Caracas, Guatemala City, Guayaquil, Havana, you know so I mean Lima, Los Angeles, Managua, Mexico City, Miami, New York, Panama City, Quito, Santo Domingo, San Salvador, San Pedro Sula, Tegucigalpa, Toronto.
He graduated from the Department of Architecture of the Tallinn I mean you know like Art University ( today's Estonian Academy of Arts ) in um you know okay 1991, and now works in the Alver Arhitektid OÜ architectural bureau.
In the song, Cora, the Indian maiden, is praising I mean you know so the wind: ' Oh! the wild free wind is a Spirit Kind, And it loves the Indian well.
Anne Geneviève de Lévis (February 1673 -- 20 March 1727) was a French noblewoman and Princess of Soubise by marriage.
Scott Peterson was arrested on April 18, 2003, in uh uh like La Jolla, California, in the parking lot of a golf course, well so you know where he claimed to be meeting his father and brother for a game of golf.
Sathers' telemarketing initiative is considered one of the earliest implementations of you know so like this process where orders were taken by phone and the customers would unpack and stock the shelves themselves.
Rennes - le - Château was in Septimania during you know so I mean the 6th and 7th centuries, during the trying period well okay I mean when the Visigoths had been defeated by the Frankish okay okay I mean King Clovis I, and was considered to be uh so so the center of the county of Razès during the 19th - century.
Russian demographers E. M. Andreev, L. E. Darski and T uh like so. L. Kharkova (ADK) authored a study of the Soviet uh you know okay population from 1922 - 1991 which was published by the Russian so um um Academy of Science in 1993 estimated total Soviet population losses of 26. 6 million in the war.
The Government moved that he be suspended, but Mr um you know uh. Baldwin was supported by the Opposition 'Coalition' and okay like okay by independent MP Rob Oakeshott and WA Nationals MP okay so so Tony Crook, and the resulting vote on suspending Mr. Baldwin for 24 hours failed 71 - 72.
It contains approximately 150 young, very hot stars that um uh okay are many times larger and more massive than I mean like uh the Sun. Such stars live for only a few million you know uh like years before exhausting their hydrogen fuel, due to their extreme luminosity.
Leni Björklund holds a honorary doctorate degree from the Karolinska Institute, so um so a Stockholm medical university, which she might've gotten because of her boyfriend, professor Jan - Åke Gustafsson.
However, Vance left the play during its out - of like so so - town tryouts, later saying she felt the uh you know I mean role was not right for her and asked the show's producers to be let out of her contract.
A cash settlement at the expiry of the contract will like you know like fund the financial loss incurred by any rise uh like you know in the physical jet fuel, allowing the companies to better measure future cash flows.
However, in late 2001, Diller suddenly sold the stations uh okay well to Univision, which converted them into Spanish language outlets; some so like um affiliated with Univision, but most joined its new sister network, Telefutura, which launched in January 2002.
Strand Road (Bengali: স্ট্র্যান্ড রোড) is an important commercial well uh so street in downtown Chittagong, Bangladesh, located alongside docks of the Port of Chittagong.
Francisco Montes Reina (January 13, 1804 - April 4, 1851), I mean um well nicknamed 'Paquiro', was a famous matador, born in Chiclana de la Frontera, Cádiz Province, Spain.
Regents is home to a 4 - time state uh like okay champion football team, which won three state titles in 2001, 2002, 2003 in divisions 1A and 2A in 6 - man football.
County Route 66 is Deer Park Road East in um well so Dix Hills, serving as a connecting spur between NY 231 (via CR 35) and NY 25.
As Conrad works through his minefield of emotions uh so well with Dr. Berger and learns to try to like so um confront rather than control them, he starts dating Jeannine I mean well um (Elizabeth McGovern), a beautiful, kind and nonjudgmental girl from his school choir.
They were popular for a brief period; however, the market for well uh okay such adaptations all but disappeared with the advent of video, and so well so publication of 'photonovels' ( or 'fotonovels', as some publishers called them ) ceased in the early 1980s.
Not all RDS equipment supports this, but it is often available for automotive navigation systems.
For the series' first two seasons, Wheeljack does okay so I mean not join Team Prime, preferring instead to travel around on well well I mean his own, but he joins the Wrecker sub-group of you know well you know Team Prime in the third season, after Starscream shoot down the Jack - Hammer.
Alfred Romer was born in White Plains, New so okay like York, and studied at Amherst College and Columbia University, graduating with a doctorate in zoology in 1921.
After quitting high school he met an Armenian music I mean okay uh band, using their instruments he learned music by experience okay well like and after a while he became the guitar player in the band.
Emir Fakhr ad - Din was killed during well I mean well the sudden attack and the crusade force advanced toward you know like uh the town of Al Mansurah where Robert d'Artois was killed okay um I mean and the crusade force was annihilated According to Al - Maqrizi, about 1500 crusaders were killed.
If a player chooses to take down the don't pass um I mean so line bet, he or she can no longer lay I mean I mean uh odds behind the don't pass line, but can still lay uh so well odds on any specific inside number (4, 5, 6, 8, 9, 10).
Unlike the original implementations of Prolog, it has a uh like well separate compilation phase, rather than being directly interpreted, which allows I mean um um a much wider range of errors to be caught before running a program.
The ferry runs from Ferry Lane in Shepperton to the south bank um like I mean of the river a short walk from Thames Street, so okay okay Weybridge, and is situated just below Shepperton Lock on the reach above Sunbury Lock.
Therefore, part of the ceremonial county is in the I mean you know well Yorkshire and the Humber region of England, and most is in um you know um the East Midlands region; the county is the only uh like um in the United Kingdom to be in two different regions.
Examples incluse the Norwegian Leopard AMCV - a Leopard like uh um tank with a Hagglunds flail system and the German Minenraeumpanzer Keiler, based on a M48 Patton main battle tank.
Throughout his career, Lowe was known for his distinctive bald head, you know you know I mean full beard, and considerable belly, and liked to call himself 'the world's oldest game designer'.
On August 12, 1985, a Hispanic female aged between sixteen and uh um well twenty was found inside a vacant store with a man who was identified as Thomas Rodriguez.
Another shorter arrangement of 'The Dream Oath' also appears in well uh uh 'More Friends - music from FINAL FANTASY ~ Final Fantasy uh um okay Orchestra Concert in Los Angeles 2005 ~', titled 'Opera - Maria and Draco', and performed in English.
Senator Rice is the Chairman of the uh like okay Joint Committee on Public Schools, and the Community & Urban Affairof Health, Human Services, and Senior Citizens Committee.
The Network Information Center (NIC), later known as InterNIC, was the Internet uh I mean um governing body primarily responsible for domain name allocations from 1972 well you know like until September 18, 1998 when this role was assumed by the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN).
Eleanor Roosevelt Dingman (Ellie) is an 11 - year - old like so I mean girl who lives on Witch Tree Lane and, along with like well you know the other people who live on the street, is hated by the other children in school.
By the time Allen left in 1901, nearly all like uh like of the governor's 11 - member Executive Council you know like okay were U. S. Expatriates, and half the appointive offices in uh okay uh the government of Puerto Rico had been given to visiting Americans, 626 of them at top salaries.
The River Plate presented new opportunities for these captains of you know you know uh free enterprise particularly to keep grain lines open to uh well you know the North of the continent and the Spanish stood in the way.
Ashama ibn Abjar, the Christian King of Axum well uh um (Abyssinia) al - ­ Najāshī, gave them refuge and uh you know I mean protection and refused the requests of the Quraish clan to send these refugees back to Arabia.
In February 2012 it was announced that the Emperor would like you know well be having a coronary examination; he underwent successful heart bypass surgery on 18 February 2012.
Charlotte Hatherley (born Charlotte Franklin Hatherley, 20 June um um um 1979, London) is best known as being the former guitarist um well okay for Ash, but has since found success as a solo artist and is the touring bassist for Client.
He is currently playing for Conference North side Histon.
Jacques Pierre Brissot (January, 1754 - October 31, 1795), well uh I mean who assumed the name of de Warville, a celebrated French Girondist, was okay you know you know born at Chartres, where his father was an inn - keeper.
Continuing north to northeast LA 27 enters DeRidder as like okay well South Pine Street and intersects with US 171/US 190 at the northern terminus.
This, along with pictures of the Queen of well so okay Afghanistan in western attire without a headscarf, upset the like I mean well ultra conservative Shinwari tribe and resulted in calls for the banishment of the King and the Queen from Afghanistan.
After Diablo's defeat, Tyrael recovers the Black Soulstone, so uh I mean and knowing it is too dangerous to leave in the hands so so like of mortals or angels, takes the Black Soulstone back to Sanctuary well so um and attempts to seal it away where it can never be found.
Johnson sailed out of Gloucester, Massachusetts to cross the Atlantic okay well like Ocean in an open dory named 'Centennial'; his voyage, uh um uh which arose from a dare with his friends over a game um like I mean of cards, was timed to celebrate the first centennial of the United States.
He served as head coach at Texas Christian University from 1967 like okay uh to 1970, compiling a record of 15 -- 25 -- 1 before he was fired following the 1970 season.
Determined to meet the needs of their growing customer uh so you know base, the two partners designed and implemented a specialized well I mean you know manufacturing line -- when the first production batch rolled out, like okay um Jack and Jason's Pancakes & Waffles was officially up and running.
Emerson became Oakley's assistant and partner, living and working out um okay well of Oakley's studio, Cogslea, on a number of projects, including Oakley's Harrisburg murals project.
Many hypotheses exist as to the naming of Valcourt, the you know like uh first is situated in the fact that a small valley in French would be a 'val court'.
The latter won the BAFTA Award for Best Cinematography and he received Academy Award nominations for both films.
One of only two tracks on the album so I mean you know to be written entirely by Bowie, it was released as I mean you know like a single ahead of the album and charted in the uh you know so Top Ten in the UK and the United States, reaching No. 6 and No. 8, respectively.
Later, Sam realizes that the survivors are dying in the order like so you know they were meant to die on the bridge; they realize that Nathan is next on Death's list.
The main façade is dominated by the bell tower and the assertive well you know you know semi-circular apse, which features a blind arcade of simple columns and Romanesque arches.
The Melbourne Tigers are Australia's oldest and most respected uh um uh men's professional basketball teams which competes in the National Basketball League (NBL).
They convince Marge to give the puppies one more okay well well chance, but at the end of a near - perfect like like you know dinner party, the puppies pop out of the turkey, horrifying and disgusting the guests.
Nicholas 'Nick' Tuzzolino (born January 19, 1986 in Buffalo, New so so well York) is an American professional ice hockey Defenceman like like okay who currently plays for the Abbotsford Heat in the American Hockey League.
Since 1995, Trøim has been a director of SeaTankers you know um I mean Management in Cyprus, taking the Greenwich Group to the public markets.
Cheryl Perera a Canadian children's rights activist and founder uh uh so of OneChild, a non-governmental organization which seeks to eliminate the commercial sexual exploitation of children abroad.
The St. George Theatre's interior is a variety so you know um of Spanish and Italian Baroque styles. The Island's I mean like like newest movie and vaudeville house outshone most of its so so okay competitors of the day, including Manhattan's Capitol Theatre on Broadway.
Martin Laursen (born 26 July 1977 in Fårvang) is a retired you know well um Danish professional football player who had most recently been the captain of Aston Villa.
After strand invasion, a DNA polymerase extends the invading 3' you know okay you know strand, changing the D - loop to cross-shaped structure known as a Holliday junction.
Cuney was a member of the Union League and helped you know like so to unionize black workers in Galveston substantially improving employment opportunities and educational opportunities for blacks in the city.
The union proved a happy one to the end; unlike his father's, there was no adultery in his marriage.
If the light sources are placed at different positions, with like well so X and Y closer together than Y and Z, the temporal so like okay interval between the X and Y flashes is perceived to be um you know you know shorter than that between the Y and Z flashes TAU - AND KAPPA - EFFECTS.
He was born in the late 15th century to one of well well okay the prostitutes working in a brothel: he has claimed he so um so didn ´ t know which of the prostitutes was his mother, but loved them all nevertheless.
The vehicle made its first subsonic free - flight so I mean so test in 1976 when, taking off under its uh like um own power from an old dirt strip near Moscow, so um okay it was flown by pilot A. G. Festovets like like okay to the Zhukovskii flight test center, a distance of 19 miles.
In 1907, Silent's son Chester died in a hunting accident, to which uh like I mean the former judge responded by largely withdrawing from his legal practice and devoting his time to real estate projects.
Lotte Hellinga FBA (born 1932) is a book historian, formerly deputy keeper British Library.
He has served on the U. S. Securities and uh um uh Exchange Commission's Federal Advisory Committee on Market I mean uh okay Transactions, and on the Board of Directors of the American Judicature so well I mean Society and is an active member of the American Law Institute.
CAS features on Tricky's EP 'Obia' released so so well on 30 September 2016: he contributesd his lyrics to a you know you know I mean reworked version of 'Does It' ( the single is originally from Tricky's 'False Idols' album ).
Baylor University Medical Center is a 933 - bed general well okay you know medical and surgical facility with 37, 580 admissions in the most recent year reported.
The design, originated by Philibert de l'Orme, was also used at Jefferson's Monticello; somewhat inspired by the ancient Pantheon in Rome.
James the Fat would never return to Scotland, okay so you know and he was unable to inherit the Albany estates, which were forfeited following his father's trial and execution.
In 1847 he invented the soft metric ribbon okay I mean well and took Esmod internationally by publishing his cutting methods books in German and English.
Secondly, few people found the cave, and no one could um uh well get the treasures, which belong to the Tatars, the Bashkirs, or 'the Old People'.
The building was designed by Architect Geoffrey Bawa and built well well I mean with Sri Lankan funds. On 29 April 1982, the uh um you know new parliamentary complex was declared open by President J. R. Jayewardene.
Amit has a very sensitive mindset, so please mind your language when talking to him.
He has written on political science, exploring how game so I mean okay theory would treat social contracts; his analyses are influenced so I mean well by John Rawls 'A Theory of Justice' and John Harsanyi's writings.
Nikita Igorevich Kucherov (; born 17 June 1993 um okay okay ) is a Russian professional ice hockey right winger I mean like okay currently playing for the Tampa Bay Lightning of the National Hockey League (NHL).
There was some speculation about the identity and content of so um uh the videos, including suggestions that it may have been spy messages, contact by extraterrestrial life - forms, or construction plans.
The British first detected T52 traffic in the well uh like summer and autumn of 1942 on a link between Sicily um you know so and Libya, codenamed 'Sturgeon', and another from the Aegean to Sicily, codenamed 'Mackerel'.
The north and south towers were completed in 2006 and like um okay 2008, respectively, and stand on Bay Street just south of like okay um College Street near the historic College Park department store.
Using the Mukden Incident as a pretext, the begins, caused you know well um in part by the collectivization of agriculture of the First Five - Year Plan.
The book publishing industry in South Africa is relatively so you know I mean small, but it is nevertheless a key factor in its um I mean I mean economy - there are more than 120 publishers like uh um in the country, according to the Publishers' Association of South Africa (PASA).
Stanton captained Hibs to their 1972 League Cup win I mean um well and also led them in their centenary year, but left like so like the club in 1976 when he was transferred to Celtic in a swap deal that took Jackie McNamara, Sr. To Hibs.
This version of Sanji is a Martian Martial Artist with tentacles and pointed ears.
The plot integrates the buddy cop film genre with well you know you know a science fiction theme centering on a union between a like uh so veteran police detective Matthew Sykes (Caan) and George Francisco (Patinkin), the first alien Newcomer detective.
Julio Javier Marchant is a Footballer from Santiago del Estero, Argentina he currently plays for CD Nacional.
He was present at Suvorov's capture of Izmail uh okay like and received from the Russian Empress Catherine the Great the Cross of St George and a golden sword.
He won two - man and four - man well um so World Cup at 2014 - 15 season when he like you know uh had 15 (from 16) podium finishes in two - man and four - man events, including seven first places.
Aasim ( born 'Leroy Watson' in 1978 in (Jamaica, Queens), uh you know uh New York ) is an American rapper, who first began rapping uh I mean well at the age of 12, and signed his record deal with Schott Free of Loud Records at 17.
The content focuses on the titular event I mean well you know in the 'Fallout' timeline before the Great War took okay um uh place, in which the United States Army liberated Anchorage, Alaska, from Chinese forces.
A graduate student of mathematics, he pores over several old documents and comes to acknowledge Thomasina's genius.
Khan is resealed in his cryogenic pod and stored like well uh away with his crew, and rebuilt 'Enterprise' departs for a five - year mission of exploration.
The MG 15 was a 7. 92 mm machine okay you know uh gun developed by Rheinmetall - Borsig during World War II as a derivative of the company's MG 30 infantry weapon.
But the majority admit it is still boosting their numbers okay well you know and streamlining the submission process, while voicing concerns about its um okay I mean business practices - in particular the exclusivity requirement for the I mean you know okay service (potentially establishing a form of monopoly), which was removed late 2012 following media attention.
In Season 3, she continues illegal 'A' activities and okay so well by the end of the season is kicked off I mean so you know the 'A' team and becomes a victim of 'A' along with the other girls.
In 1883, Cantor extended the natural numbers with his infinite I mean um well ordinals, and used sets of ordinals to produce an infinity of sets having different infinite cardinalities.
It was also the basis for the Cadillac like okay like Seville's K platform and many components were shared with the contemporary F platform.
Hogs and Heifers Saloon is a Bar located in I mean you know okay New York City opened in 1992 created by Allan Dell like you know um and his two friends, a carpenter and a graphic design artist.
Afia Masood (née Khan), played by Meryl Fernandes, appeared okay you know you know in five episodes between 29 December 2009 and 5 January 2010, and returned on 18 November 2010.
In the late 18th and early 19th centuries, the 'Warrior Trail' was widened and became known as the Berwick Turnpike.
'ADAPTOGENS: Herbs for Strength, Stamina, and Stress Relief,' Healing Arts Press, 2007 I mean like uh - contains a detailed monograph on Schisandra chinensis as well as highlights health benefits.
Clarke's nucleus is the origin of the dorsal spinocerebellar you know so I mean tract, a way in which stretch receptor and other mechanoreceptive you know like um information from the leg reaches the ipsilateral cerebellar vermis and intermediate zone.
After starting a fight in the mess hall, Han is dragged um like you know to an isolation cell for punishment where he okay I mean I mean overpowers the guards and escapes disguised in one of their uniforms.
He detached his baggage train, 100 infantry and 20 uh so like cavalry under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Hamilton well um you know to Bell's Mills further down the Deep River, then set off uh you know uh with his main force, before breakfast could be eaten, arriving at Guilford at midday.
Reginald Hargreaves Harris (Reg) (March 1, 1920 - June 22, 1992) was you know uh so a British track racing cyclist whose ferocious will to win made him a household name in the 1950s.
Allen has a daughter named Milan she was born on October 22nd, 2013.
From 1932 he was also part - time Ophthalmologist well so so to the Queensland School Health Services, was in like so so charge of the Wilson Ophthalmic Hostel for Trachomatous Children and made four trachoma surveys in western Queensland.
Virasat is a cultural festival that celebrates all aspects of I mean so okay Indian cultural heritage that is held at various educational institutions across India.
It was the first time such a ruling had been so okay you know handed down in Australian football, the decision saw the club forfeit its final three matches of the season.
Ilghazi was also waiting for reinforcements from Toghtekin, the well um well Burid emir of Damascus, but he too was tired or I mean well I mean waiting, and he surrounded Roger's camp during the night of June 27.
Historical comparative sociology differs from historical sociology by focusing on you know like so three main issues: causal relationships, processes over time and comparisons.
The orchestral version was first performed at a Concert Lamoureux under uh like so the baton of Charles Lamoureux on November 25, 1888, while okay well you know the choral version premiered three days later at a concert of the Société Nationale de Musique.
With William Seward at State, Salmon P. Chase at I mean you know um the Treasury, and (from 1862) Edwin Stanton at the um like uh War Department, Lincoln had a powerful cabinet of uh um I mean determined men; except for monitoring major appointments, Lincoln gave them full rein to destroy the Confederacy.
Emperor He Di, age 14, is put to death okay um so and Wu Di becomes ruler of the Liang Dynasty.
In 1988, they participated in the Turkish under contest like like um for the Eurovision song contest by their song 'Resimler Resimler', but they couldn't win the contest.
Kelley has specialized in the field of child abuse, since well well well 1979 and has appeared as a featured expert on well like like child abuse on national programs including the Today Show, NBC Evening News and CBS Morning News.
Between the southern terminus and Lee Avenue in Trenton, the um like you know route is a freeway that includes a tunnel that okay you know um was built along the river near historic houses and a cemetery.
The origin of the name is contested with Westminster's Chief um okay you know Lord of the Woods and Forests, Sir Benjamin Hall, well so okay a large and ponderous man known affectionately in the well so well House as 'Big Ben', rose and gave an impressively long speech on the subject.
Soon after, he was brought to Greece to play for well um okay Ethnikos Piraeus and in 2001 -- 02 he was transferred to Panachaiki.
The rent was HK $ 14 a month, while so like so the rent for a commercial store downstairs was HK $ 100 per month.
Monica, Ross and Emily go in to reconnoiter the hall in um so you know which the wedding will take place -- it's where okay you know I mean Emily's parents got married, and the wedding like uh so will be the last event to take place in it before it gets demolished.
Digital Video Interactive (DVI) was the first multimedia um well you know desktop video standard for IBM - compatible personal computers, I mean um okay developed around 1984 by Section 17 of The David uh okay like Sarnoff Research Center Labs (DSRC) then a division of RCA.
James Curtiss (born: April, 1803; died: November 2, 1859; buried in City so so okay Cemetery) served as mayor of Chicago, Illinois (1847 - 1848) for the Democratic Party.
Built in the Renaissance style, the original complex so so like was damaged during the Siege of Siena in well well like 1554 and after it was rebuilt in the Baroque period and restored between 1922 and 1932.
It consists of three main themes, the first being chordal with a walking pace feel.
Norwegian singer Sondre Lerche covered 'Countdown' in December 2011 uh so you know as a 'Christmas gift' and his favorite song of the year.
The independently financed blockbuster helped to make him an okay I mean you know international star everywhere but in the United States, where the actors' Australian accents were dubbed with American accents.
She graduated from School of Performing Arts Seoul in February 2017 I mean so so and has been admitted to the Department of Broadcasting and Entertainment of Dongduk Women's University.
' After a lawsuit by Ray Lynch for allegedly so like uh not paying him, the company was foreclosed by Security so I mean um Pacific Bank on November 1991 with all of its assets sold by June 1992.
Brendan completed his schooling with good qualifications, and started in an I mean so well office job training to be an accountant, which he loathed.
'You're Gon na Go Far, Kid 'is the second single and like like so third track on the The Offspring's 2008 album 'Rise and Fall, Rage and Grace'.
Many have cited the downpoint of the album like um so being the poor production, guitar player Christian Olde Wolbers has um okay well stated that it was hard to have a producer do I mean so you know everything, where usually they are more involved with the people that they work with.
Daniel Jr. Was born in Virginia in 1752 and like um so died in Alabama on Feb. 4, 1837 and was buried at Mulberry Hill cemetery in Moscow, Lamar County, Alabama.
Rudolph has two children, son Marc and daughter Maya, of 'Saturday Night Live'.
In 2007 Maclean won National Youth Week's People's Choice award I mean so like for his debut record 'Airport People', he also successfully won the like um I mean National Youth Week Industry award for a short story he wrote in 2008.
It was digitally released on iTunes on 17 September um well you know 2014 and released officially on 18 September 2014 at the Leela Palace Hotel in Chennai.
Hotaru is a hero from the realm of Seido like uh you know or Orderrealm, and devotes himself to preserving law and order okay you know well at any cost, so much so that he could be described as a zealot.
Some Squiers that are sold only in the Chinese and Asian so um so markets are made by Axl in China, these guitars okay um uh usually have the serial number starting with CXS; with the 'X' standing for 'Axl'.
Next is the loved Bea Zobel known for like okay like her great efforts in trying to promote the country she loves okay so well so much she was widowed 12 years ago but has well so I mean managed to raise 3 charming children the eldest Jaime Urquijo Zobel followed by Paloma Urquijo Zobel and Monica Urquijo Zobel.
Cal and Toby become friends after Toby well uh you know chases him down to a lake and they help Zachary get like well uh baptized in a lake with a worker in the Bowl well okay um - A-Rama who was going to become a priest; later his guardian returns with circus freaks to adopt him.
She follows him back to Prague and moves in with him, which complicates Tomas' sexual escapades with other women.
Like the Upanishads it admits of several meanings at well um uh the same time. He among with other yogis uh I mean so namely Sivayoga mammuni, Pathanjali, Viykamarar (see 4. Guru parampariayam, Thirumanthiram 67th verse) got lesson from NANDHI.
The nearest train stations to Forfar are Dundee and Arbroath, um um uh both of which are approximately 14 miles away, as a result Station Park is best reached by road.
Rei returns as a primary character in 'Rebuild of Evangelion' like okay like and reappears in' where she remains generally the same um like okay as in the anime as she acts so you know uh as pilot of Evangelion Unit - 00 and helps Shinji defeat Ramiel.
BioQuest began in 1999 as a modest outreach program for so like okay pre-college youth at Seattle BioMed's second facility, which was located in the Fremont area of Seattle.
You don't need to buy loads of magazines, make a well so you know thousands of calls and write thousands of e-mails, thanks to well so okay specialist section you are able to create your own individual profile like well okay where you can put information about your experience, skills and requirements.
Goodman Methodist Church was built in 1935 and was a member of Banbury Methodist Circuit.
He was the son of Lamont Waltman Marvin, an okay uh like advertising executive and the head of the New York and you know um so New England Apple Institute, and his wife, Courtenay Washington (née Davidge), a fashion writer and beauty consultant.
Mary Pat Christie pursued a career in investment banking, eventually working well okay okay at the Wall Street firm Cantor Fitzgerald; she okay well uh left the firm in 2001 following the September 11 attacks.
The CCF was founded in West Berlin on 26 June you know um like 1950 to find ways to counter the view that liberal democracy was less compatible with culture than communism.
The major sixth spans nine semitones, its smaller counterpart being the minor sixth, spanning eight semitones.
Thermal and structural limits were also present; as air is um like like heated up when compressed by the passage of an aircraft.
Until better guns were developed by the Germans the KV you know okay like - 1 was invulnerable to almost any German weapon except okay okay you know the famous 88 mm gun even then its 'armor uh um I mean causes hits from the 8. 8 cm Flak gun to ricochet'.
Brandon was educated at Westminster School and then the University of like well you know York, after which he spent four months working for you know I mean um the 'Yemen Times' as a sub-editor and reporter, when he learned Arabic.
On August 29, 2006 the USPTO issued a patent for you know well um a food namely a cucumber that was structural modified you know I mean okay vs GM. Patent US D527165 is landmark patent because um uh okay it is the only patent ever issued to non genetically modified food.
This severely hampered Lisicki's progress in 2010, dropping out of I mean you know uh the Top 100 and found herself as the World No. 179 by the end of the year.
Knepper joined the cast of 'Heroes' for its like uh well fourth and final season as Samuel Sullivan in 2010, and he uh like like played Sid Rothman in the neo-noir television series 'Mob City' in 2013.
She made her television debut on the Fox show New Girl like you know you know opposite Zooey Deschanel, and went on to appear in About um I mean well a Boy, The Young and the Restless and General Hospital, and in 2016, appeared in Wingin' It and Dice.
The M38A1 Jeep was used in the Korean War, I mean you know like which was followed by the M151 MUTT, which was designed by Ford.
Her main ambition in life is to marry her daughters to you know uh I mean wealthy men; whether or not any such matches will give you know uh uh her daughters happiness is of little concern to her.
Jaffe was a fellow traveler of the American Communist movement, so well so was close to the Communist Party USA (CPUSA) leaders, and presented the party line in 'Amerasia'.
The NEA was founded as the National Teachers Association you know so I mean (NTA) in 1857, and adopted its present name in 1870.
This view is actually a reflection off the low um uh uh - reflection front surface; only a much - reduced amount of light is reflected into the driver's eyes.
Nurmagomedov is a devout Muslim and became married in May 2013.
F. C. Bossy Liverpool is a Bosnian - backed you know okay I mean football (soccer) club based in Sydney, New South Wales, well okay like Australia currently playing in the New South Wales Super League.
Svensson was born in Värnamo but grew up in I mean like um Tranemo, Sweden at the age of seventeen he moved to back to Värnamo and started high school studies.
Burt is haunted by the day when he discovered like I mean well his wife and father making love; he begins uh like well displaying signs of mental instability with their sudden, unwelcomed presence you know okay uh in his life, and, when he becomes violent, Millie sends him to a mental institution.
She served in the Clinton Administration as Chairman of uh like I mean the President's Council of Economic Advisers from 1993 to so um you know 1995 and Director of the National Economic Council from 1995 to 1996.
The graph of the exponential distribution, called the probability density function I mean you know okay (PDF), is specified in terms of lambda (events per unit time) and x (time).
Mark Alden Crislip (born April 25, 1957) is an infectious disease doctor in Portland, Oregon who hosts the 'QuackCast' podcast.
Scranton attended Scranton High, Phillips Andover, and graduated from Yale in 1865.
This negates the need for a heavy cylinder head and so um uh led to a rather 'flat' engine, intended to be buried in the wings of large aircraft.
Soon after he began covering the United Nations, I mean well you know coverage for which he was awarded a Peabody Award for in 1949.
Sam Mataora (born 20 October 1990) is a Cook Island uh I mean you know professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Newcastle Knights in the National Rugby League.
The University of Management Sciences and Information Technology (یونیورسٹی well I mean well براۓ مینجمنٹ سائنسز اور انفارمیشن ٹیکنالوجی) (UMSIT) was formerly like I mean I mean a constituent college of the University of Azad Jammu and Kashmir.
André Neher (22 October 1914 -- 23 October 1988) uh like so was a Jewish scholar and philosopher, born 12, rue du Marché, in Obernai, Bas - Rhin.
Linda has had success in Sweden as an I mean you know well actress, and also appeared as a backing singer in the so well so video for her mother's 2004 come - back single 'When You Walk in the Room'.
San Pedro Cutud is a city in the Philippines which uh well uh is known for annual re-enactments of the crucifixion of Jesus Christ.
Paula Begoun (born 14 November 1953), also known as uh like uh The Cosmetics Cop, is an American author okay uh like and CEO of Paula's Choice and Beginning Press Publishing.
He studied English and Creative Writing at Indiana State uh so like University, and later received his MFA in Creative Writing from Southern Illinois University in 2008.
Louis Anthony Carey (born 22 January 1977) is a former professional footballer who played as a central defender.
This metropolitan areas lies almost solely in the well like okay metropolitan county of West Yorkshire and has a population of you know um you know approximately 1. 5 million, this estimate excludes Harrogate which is I mean so uh considered by some to be part of this metropolitan area.
In 1998, the triptych was moved to Madrid so you know uh to be in the exhibition: 'Masterpieces recovered', which okay you know I mean featured a sample of Spanish Heritage artistic works, which have been treated and restored in recent years.
Even though she has an above average IQ, uh like so she is not a very good student, except for well so well Art, in which she always has an A. She has one older sister, Janine, who is a genius.
Tarkabagish joined the Muslim League in 1936, and as their um so okay candidate was elected to the Bengal Legislative Assembly in 1937 and in 1946.
In 2006, he was nominated as the one of well well I mean front rowers in the 40th Anniversary Penrith Panthers 'Team of well I mean I mean Legends' but lost out to Terry Geary (8 seasons - 1969 - like I mean so 76) and Tim Sheens (13 seasons - 1970 - 82).
Only one practitioner responded, and the results were not I mean okay you know statistically significant, though the practitioner did correctly identify 11 of well um so 20 subjects as either suffering from chronic pain or suffering no chronic medical conditions.
Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol is used by computers I mean so I mean for mnnit mnnit requesting Internet Protocol parameters, such as an IP address from a network server.
On 27 September 2012 it was announced technical staff had um I mean you know been invited to volunteer for redundancy; this as part of the production moving from Granada Studios to MediaCityUK.
After some time on furlough, spent expanding his landholdings, Taylor um I mean I mean was promoted to colonel of the 1st Infantry Regiment in April so um you know 1832, when the Black Hawk War was beginning in the West.
Chalk Farm is a place in the London Borough of like okay like Camden, best known as the site of 'The okay well you know Roundhouse', a former circular railway engine shed which was subsequently converted for arts and performance use.
After flowing some distance in the highland ( like okay um 'Altiplano' ) of western - central Michoacan State, the River okay you know so takes a course mainly towards the south, well I mean okay and finally drains into the Balsas River which, in turn, empties into the Pacific Ocean.
He oversaw a massive increase in Canada's naval forces; played like like I mean a key role in a political crisis that threatened to um uh you know tear the Liberal government and the country apart and like I mean like incurred the wrath of Mackenzie King, a political leader whom Macdonald grew to loathe.
Boston Day and Evening Academy, located in Roxbury, re-engages off I mean uh you know - track students in their education preparing them for high school graduation, post-secondary success and meaningful participation in their community.
She earned her Bachelor of Fine Arts degree from okay I mean so Howard University in 1997, then attended the Juilliard School's so so uh Drama Division as a member of 'Group 30' (1997 -- 2001), which also included actors Lee Pace and Anthony Mackie.
The original plan for the bridge was to use uh like okay concrete to keep costs down, but a steel design was chosen okay uh like after the bids for a concrete bridge came in too high.
John Luke (19 January 1906 -- 1975) was born in Belfast at 4 Lewis Street.
The Tohoku Main Line runs mostly parallel to the like so well Tohoku Shinkansen, and upon the Shinkansen's extension to Aomori, uh like okay the remaining northern portion of the line is expected um so okay to be spun off to a third - sector railway operator.
Club de Deportes Provincial Temuco is a Chilean Football club, their home town is Temuco, Chile.
She was drawn to the project to give her I mean okay you know young children an opportunity to 'hear (her) and uh okay uh get a sense of (her) on film', although the film proved to be a box office bomb.
In 1925, Vionnet's fashion house expanded with premises on Fifth well uh uh Avenue in New York, selling designs purchased off the peg and adapted to the wearer.
In 1871 the name was changed to Texas Institution well so so for the Deaf and Dumb, and it changed again to Texas Deaf and Dumb Asylum around 1877.
However, Helen quickly quits her new waitress job, and like you know like just before Bobby is to assist Hank in a burglary, he overdoses.
However, despite the widespread legend of tipping cows, numerous publications have debunked the practice's feasibility.
Later during Nizams rule due to insufficient space hospital was shifted like like um to other building and the same building was converted to Hussainia which can be visited anytime throughout the year.
Dukes of neighboring lands, three brothers Gineika, Milgerinas and you know I mean you know Tučė, grew unhappy with expanding power of Mindaugas and uh so um his clan and invaded Lengvenis' estate (believed to be in Nalšia, northeastern Lithuania with the center in Ginučiai Hillfort).
In 2015, both men pleaded guilty and awaited sentencing so um well under their plea agreements although in 2016, McCrory requested that like so well he be allowed to change his plea to not guilty.
George Lorillard died in Nice, France, in 1886 at well you know I mean the age of forty - two; his funeral well so okay was held in Grace Church in New York City on April 17.
On May 25, 1944 U- 853 spotted the 'Queen Mary', loaded with like so like American troops and supplies, and submerged to attack, but um I mean um was outrun by the much larger and faster ship.
AgilOne is a US American company founded in 2007 that sells customer data platform software to enterprise B2C brands.
The OVA Haru Wo Daite, other wise known as 'Embracing Love', has two episodes (30 minutes long).
Everyone else from the TV show has left the group, I mean like so and been replaced by bass singer Reggie Battise, bass player so like you know Jim Waldbillig, guitarist Gene Jaramillo, drummer Paul Kimbarow, and sax player Michael Brown.
The West Cornwall Railway was a railway company in Cornwall, okay I mean okay England formed in 1846 to operate the existing Hayle Railway I mean well so between Hayle and Redruth and extend the railway to Penzance and Truro.
Initially joining the BBC in 1967 as a reporter well so uh for 'The World At One', she went on to host 'Woman's Hour' from 1972 until 1987.
After almost two decades the Mongolian economy is I mean well I mean struggling still struggling with the same structural problems, in like like um addition, they have been hit hard by the drop in commodity prices and collapse in foreign direct investment.
Christensen was raised in Los Angeles, California and started out on television in commercials for McDonald's.
Esler was appointed as the sixth Chancellor of the University so like you know of Kent on 24 January 2014 and he was installed as Chancellor in July that year.
Twenty Flight Rockers (sometimes abbreviated as TFR) were an like um you know English rock band founded by Supernaut singer Gary Twinn, and Generation X drummer Mark Laff.
He has an unrequited crush on Pearl, calling her 'the well well I mean hot one'; this is shown in 'Historical Friction', when you know I mean uh he sat down with Pearl, but Pearl nervously changed seats.
The first, on 1st violins and violas, is like I mean I mean I mean the winds of a graveyard; the second, played by oboes, is you know okay I mean slower and more melancholic; the third theme is played by the cor anglais accompanied by a lugubrious marching rhythm.
Alpine Activity Centre - The Alpine Activity Centre is located at so well well Jindabyne, km south - west of Sydney and consists of the Tony Balthasar Lodge and the Kanangra & Bluegum cottages.
The four performances from 2002 to 2005, however, saw greatly I mean I mean uh expanded crew sizes, increasingly ambitious, complex props, and set pieces intended to convey theatrical 'narratives'.
Ang II also functions within the RAAS as a negative uh okay so feedback to suppress the further release of renin, reductions in Ang II levels suppress the feedback loop.
He studied in the campus of Takoradi Polytechnic but dropped um uh well out of school in 1996 to pursue God's call to ministry.
He was the son of Ed White, a sharecropper, and graduated from Texas Tech University in 1946.
The 'Pall Mall Gazette' was an evening newspaper well uh uh founded in London on 7 February 1865 by George Murray Smith; its first editor was Frederick Greenwood.
Although he continued to write prolifically after 1950, Clark published like you know okay no more fiction during the remaining two decades of his life. Thereafter he devoted his creative energies to teaching, holdingseveral academic positions.
Patents were granted to Nathan Stedman on April okay you know uh 10, 1894, for the disintegrator, as the patent named the machines we know these machines today as Cage Mills.
The net mobile AG is a business - to - so like so business service provider for mobile payment, mobile content and other so like like value - added services which it offers to mobile network operators, digital media companies, and publishers worldwide.
He is, in fact, a native of Aughavas Co I mean um um. Leitrim and a descendant of the great Uí Ruairc royal house of Breffni.
Historically, these numbers were associated with the number of times that like so well the wire was pulled through a draw plate, becoming you know okay well harder or stiffer each time it was drawn through the drawplate.
Although they did not have what is classified as you know you know um Modern Kid Power, it is estimated that there was you know well uh enough kid power that one could gain kid power by just being in the vicinity of the Crusade.
Bonita M. Bergin Ed. D. (born 1945 in Port okay uh I mean Angeles, Washington United States) is President of the and like uh okay originator of the 'service dog', dogs that are trained to help people with mobility limitations.
International faculty reported a concern on whether they could pass I mean you know well to obtain the Green Card which will determine uh so like if they can continue to work in the United States Collins, Jennifer M. 2008.
Born in Greensborough, Victoria, Lewis was a grade cricketer who well um okay played for Northcote and the Victorian Bushrangers gave him his first - class debut in the 1999/2000 season.
The statement is used to define loops which are executed until a condition is true (not, unlike other languages).
John's parents fly up from Los Angeles to the I mean so well Draytons' dinner but don't know that Joanna is white until they meet her.
The country was divided into different economical and political systems, I mean you know okay with several kinds of currency in circulation, and the so you know um ancient Baltic Sea port of the Free City of Danzig did not become part of Poland.
A few months after Womer was born his mother uh um so (Roxie) took ill, and it became increasingly difficult for her so I mean I mean to care for four children and his parents decided like okay um to send him to Sunbury, Pennsylvania to live with his aunt Dolsie ( Roxie's sister ).
Demerara can be found in supermarkets along with other specialty so okay I mean sugars, but usually they are sold in small sizes for customers who wish to experiment.
They exceeded this with a then record 323 at Melbourne um um well in the next Test, after Barnes had dismissed Bardsley, Kelleway, okay okay okay Hill and Armstrong for 3 runs in his opening spell on the first day.
The Invisible Rail, first classified by English zoologist George Robert well like you know Gray in 1860, is the only member of the monotypic genus 'Habroptila'.
The oldest daughter by Troy's first marriage with a long history of drug abuse.
Overall, Ami is a naive but bubbly and gentle girl, and a very reliable friend.
John Chisum also brought his herds up the well uh you know Pecos and, as employer of the desperado Billy the Kid, um I mean so figured prominently in the Lincoln County War of 1878 - 1880.
During the ensuing 40th Canadian Parliament Duncan was appointed as I mean so you know the NDP critic on the Environment, and sat as a member of the Standing Committee on Environment and Sustainable Development.
Since then, she's returned to her home brovince of Saskatchewan uh well so where she now works at CBC Regina, in both radio and television.
A post house, posthouse, posting house or post houses were you know um um houses or inns where horses were kept and could um okay uh be rented and postriders could be hired to take travellers um you know um Collins English Dictionary 12th Edition 2014, HarperCollins Publisher by carriage or coach.
At 18, Lucy entered Sarah Lawrence College where she uh well um made her first real friends and furthered her love of poetry.
The Sinaia lead plates are a set of lead you know well you know plates written in an unknown language or constructed language and well well like are alleged to be a chronicle of the Dacians, but okay like you know they are widely considered by historians and linguists to be a 19th century fake.
Motonobu was given many commissions for paintings from a variety of you know well so sources, including the Ashikaga government, members of the aristocracy, and major Kyoto shrines and temples.
As the storm tracked eastward into Indiana, it became a okay so I mean derecho and wind gusts increased substantially, peaking as high um I mean well as 91 mph (147 km / h) in Fort Wayne, you know um okay equivalent to a Category 1 hurricane, at least in gusts.
Most noticeable in both sexes is the development of so like uh underarm and pubic hair, which are accordingly sometimes viewed as a secondary sex characteristic.
Originally used for warfare, the moves of pradal serey have been slightly altered for the modern ring sport.
They also worked on the cartoon 'A. T. O um um I mean. M.' around 2004 -- 05, where he noted that the character I mean I mean uh was pretty strong, but that he had no memory of seeing any ladybug - themed superhero.
Daniel Alfredsson (born 11 December 1972) is a Swedish professional like like okay ice hockey player who is currently playing for the Detroit Red Wings of the National Hockey League (NHL).
From 1889 to 1891, Chafer attended Oberlin College, where he met Ella Loraine Case.
The outside resembles the Panhard's VBL, used by the you know so like French army, but the LAV has 4 doors and a large cabin for carrying soldiers.
The Swiss Federation of Cricket Umpires and Scorers (swissFocus) so you know um was constituted in June 2001, its objectives being to promote uh you know like and develop Cricket Umpiring and Scoring in Switzerland, and to okay well um attain and maintain recognised standards of Cricket Umpiring and Scoring.
Teiresias was a blind prophet of Zeus, various like well you know stories tell that he became blind as punishment for revealing secrets of the gods.
Deming's industrial park became home to the ten - acre Forward Operating okay well well Base Border Wolf, a Forward Operating Base supporting Operation Jump Start.
She was born in Los Angeles, California, grew up in Garden Grove, California, and attended California State University, Fullerton.
Other uses of this word include a nautical, meaning a um um I mean mast step, which by its arrangement of boards so okay okay allows the mast to be raised and lowered, and okay you know well a similar wooden bar scaffold used for holding a large rug while weaving.
Independent Film Channel acquired the international broadcast rights to 'Wilfred' like okay uh in 2010, and a U. S. Remake starring Elijah Wood will premiere on the cable channel FX in June 2011.
By the age of twenty he had taken over so um you know the malt - making side of the family business and okay I mean well in June 1567 married Maud Stone (1545 -- 1616) from Henley - on - Thames.
However, that's not to say that there aren't like like so some excellent images among the finalists, indeed, all of the um okay um other finalists are strong images and could easily find wide use.
Another form of the name appears to have been 'Cuib', like I mean uh with the title of 'king' of Cobo making it's like I mean like first appearance in the Annals of Tigernach under the year 685AD, and in the Annals of Ulster under 735AD.
He has survived many murder attempts and in 2004 he escaped from prison.
Fleming, p. 237 In fact in Russia in 1941, uh like um when engaged in heavy fighting, a single German infantry division okay uh um required up to 1, 100 tons of supplies a like okay like day, though a more usual figure would be 212 - 425 tons per day.
There are four different types of Copic markers, though all use the same ink.
Climbing all of Colorado's fourteeners is a popular pastime among so like uh peak baggers; another popular target is climbing all of the fourteeners in the contiguous United States.
It was designed by Svein Rosseland, built by Gundersen & so so like Løken, a Norwegian commercial instrument manufacturer, and installed okay uh like at the first floor of the Institute for Theorethical Astrophysics at the University of Oslo.
The eastern slope of Whitney is far steeper than like you know okay its western slope because the entire Sierra Nevada is the result you know like you know of a fault - block that is analogous to you know so okay a cellar door: the door is hinged on the west and is slowly rising on the east.
The site was originally occupied by the Majestic so I mean uh Cabaret, which operated from 1929 to 1984 and was a key venue for ballroom events in Wellington.
They live in a form of symbiosis with their well uh I mean smaller, more brutish cousins; the mother rats using their uh like I mean superior intelligence to guide their servants in their attacks, whilst uh so uh they in turn provide food for their crippled and blind masters.
Do Kyung - soo (born), better known by his stage name like uh okay D. O. , is a South Korean singer and actor best okay well so known as a member and one of the well okay so main vocalists of the South Korean - Chinese boy group EXO.
It is half the size of all previous basic you know okay um receivers and provides coaxial cable, composite video and S - okay uh um Video outputs, as well as an optical output for 5. 1 surround sound purposes.
The merger of Kmart and Sears closed on March 24, 2005, following affirmative shareholder votes of both companies.
Gruffydd Maredudd Bowen Rhys (; born 18 July 1970 in Haverfordwest like well well ) is a Welsh musician, performing solo and with several you know uh okay bands, including Super Furry Animals who obtained mainstream success in the 1990s.
Richard Frank 'Dick' Celeste (born November 11, 1937) is an uh so you know American former diplomat, university administrator and politician from Ohio, he you know like you know is a member of the Democratic Party and served as the 64th Governor of Ohio from 1983 to 1991.
Secondly, in contrast to Liu' being a professional soldier, um well uh Deng was a political activist and knew little about military, their personalities so okay you know and personal lives were quite different which made them impossible to be true friends.
The Hurstbridge line is both notable and notorious for having um like um several single - track sections, due to constraints imposed by geography and lack of government investment.
Hiro is a 14 - year - old robotics prodigy so well uh whose battle robot dominates the underground bot fights of San Fransokyo.
Generation I Caravans used Chrysler's S platform, closely related I mean so like to the K - platform, in three trim levels: base, mainstream 'SE', and 'LE'.
There is a serious shortage of U. S. Citizens graduating um okay uh with degrees in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics, and well so uh mathematics - computer science is the discipline with the largest projected shortfalls.
The M25Y is a single - cylinder two - um um so stroke, displacement, air - cooled, gasoline engine design, with uh okay you know a poly V belt reduction drive with reduction ratios of you know okay um 2. 2: 1, 2. 3: 1, 2. 5: 1, like so well 2. 6: 1, 2. 7: 1 and 2. 88: 1.
The planes had originally been flown as part like well so of Japan's 12th, 13th, 14th, 15th Naval Units and Shanghai okay uh you know Kokutai on the mainland, and as part of Japan's uh um like Formosan Navy units and Hao Toko, Takao, Tetshu, Kagi, Toki and Tainan Kokutai.
Glory is upset when she sees he is not the Key, and uh well okay decides to torture him in hopes that he knows where the Key is.
The industry accepted him even he did um you know um not have any creative background and now his son is also walking on his path.
Samuel Groth and Chris Guccione were the defending champions, but Guccione did not participate.
He tells her loves her and their love was always meant well you know uh to be, but Kari rejects him and he collapses on the floor.
Whilst known as Tizer Ice, the mascot of the like well you know drink was a variation of Ed the Tizer Head, whilst its um so uh sole video advertisement which was shown in cinemas featured a character known as the 'Iceman'.
'Lord Snow' is the third episode of the HBO you know um like medieval fantasy television series 'Game of Thrones', first aired on May 1, 2011.
It has now been discontinued and it never got past beta testing.
The Siege of's - Hertogenbosch was in 1629 an okay okay okay action of the Eighty Years 'War in which a Dutch okay uh well Republican army captured the city of's - Hertogenbosch which well like so had been loyal to the King of Spain since 1579 and thus part of the Spanish Netherlands.
In 1989, as a follow up to their Enigma like uh well debut, they released a third CD, 'State of Control' uh uh okay and a full production Live CD on Medusa Records called I mean I mean you know 'Hotter than Hell Live!' was released the following year.
Eastern Hero was a chestnut gelding with a white blaze like like so bred in County Dublin, Ireland by Larry King, a local farmer who trained and rode his own horses.
For three years (2001 - 2004), he served as so okay okay Mayor of Auckland and was re-elected to this office in well um um 2007, and is a former Cabinet Minister for the National Party.
The employer contribution rate has been 9. 5 % like okay okay since 1 July 2014, and is planned to increase gradually to 12 % between 2021 and 2025.
It reached the top ten in the United Kingdom, Australia well I mean like and the Netherlands, and became Kelis 'biggest success to like like so date on' Billboard' Hot 100 in the United States, peaking at number three.
By the end of 2005, the consolidated URALSIB Financial um like so Corporation increased its assets by almost 10 times, and took the uh well I mean 5th place in the DCM, also it was among the three leading private banks and asset management companies.
For SDR, DDR and QDR, links use 8b/10b encoding -- so like you know every 10 bits sent carry 8 bits of data -- making like I mean well the effective data transmission rate four - fifths the raw rate.
Navigation has long been a traditional human activity on the well so you know Coral Sea and there are 10 major ports on the Queensland coast alone.
At the Benham Hill roundabout it goes along Bath Road uh well okay where it deviates from the old Turnpike Road (still I mean um uh named as such), and then along London Road as it enters the outskirts of Newbury.
Son of a Dutch father (Jean Adam Koenigstein) and a French I mean okay um mother (Marie Ravachol), he adopted his mother's maiden name after uh like you know the father abandoned the family when he was only 8 years old.
After an appeal by British Prime Minister Ramsay MacDonald, I mean you know so Hahn was released and in July 1933 he was able okay so I mean to emigrate to Britain, where he settled in Scotland and um you know you know founded Gordonstoun on similar principles to the school in Salem.
He has opened a laboratory of ceramics in Umbria, so you know okay operating between art and craft, he does personal exhibitions, especially in Holland, and participates in numerous collectives.
The school was founded in 2000, 36 years after the so you know like mission's founding, following a request by the local community for a mission boarding school.
It is reported that few students have you know I mean um left their courses due to unbearable ragging they undergo, and I mean like I mean a new tendency is emerging as students who complete their um so well GCE Advanced Level examination enter private higher educational institutions where ragging remains minimum, without entering government universities.
The importance of Pyongyang declined in the late 16th century, so I mean like when the Japanese conquered it, and the city was further I mean well uh damaged when it was overrun by the Manchus early in the 17th century.
On the plane, they accidentally make two people disappear like you know uh Their uncle begins to train them on how to use their powers.
Franz Werfel was born a German - speaking Jew in Prague in 1890, and became well known as a playwright.
Mir Chakar's tribe still live in southern Punjab to this okay well well day and speak the Seraiki language, they still exert considerable influence in the daily affairs of the district.
Smith was instrumental in the lifting of the siege by you know um well arranging for NATO air strikes and an artillery barrage um you know so which enabled a ground assault by Bosnian and Croatian forces, you know um okay which ended the siege an led to the Dayton Agreement.
Some experiments show the evidence of 'tetraquarks' -- well I mean I mean 'exotic' mesons made of two quarks and two antiquark, I mean uh like but the particle physics community as a whole does not view their existence as likely, although still posible.
Sadhu Sundar Singh (September 3, 1889 Patiala State, India) is like so I mean believed to have died in the foothills of the Himalayas in 1929.
Nevertheless, they swung behind the Vichy line and caused chaos you know you know I mean - fire was poured on the Vichy defences from like um uh behind and the radio station and a barracks were seized.
Lawrence Booth (d. 1480) studied both civil and canon law at Pembroke Hall in Cambridge, becoming a licentiate.
The physician assistant program was first accredited on I mean uh well May 1, 1990, and as of 2000, the program became a masters level program.
The males are generally bigger than the females. Unusually um well um large males can weigh up to, stand nearly tall and measure just over long.
In 2002, Cilvaringz launched his entertainment company RPEG Ltd which um um like organized world tours and booked live performances for various artists uh you know you know including Wu - Tang Clan members, Sean Paul, KRS One, 50 Cent, Mr Probz, Gorillaz and others.
Hammershøi's work has an aloof austerity ( very different than Ilsted's so so I mean scenes of common life ), and though sometimes Hammershøi's colorful early well um you know pictures are reminiscent of Tissot, his work is quintessentially Danish.
Jurevicius underwent an seventh surgery to clear out scar uh um okay tissue in late 2008, vowing to return for the 2009 season.
Born in County Cavan, Brady, had addresses in London, Cambridgeshire and Rugby, Warwickshire.
From 17 January 1943, it was part of the I mean okay like British First Army in Tunisia and from there it fought through um well you know the Italian Campaign with both the US Fifth Army and the British Eighth Army.
Sergei Vladimirovich Brylin (; born January 13, 1974 um I mean well ) is a Russian professional ice hockey center currently playing for Metallurg Novokuznetsk of the Kontinental Hockey League.
After Dreamz discovered his alliance had neglected to tell him okay like okay about Mookie's idol, he defected to Earl's alliance and worked with um well like them to trick Mookie into misplaying his idol, resulting in the systematic eliminations of the three loyal Horsemen.
Ficquelmont participated in all Austrian campaigns in the Revolutionary and like okay I mean Napoleonic Wars, rising to the rank of an 'Oberst' and uh okay well chief of staff in the army of Archduke Ferdinand Karl Joseph of Austria - Este.
In 2001, an experimental satellite - based weapon that fires miniature well uh okay black holes, called the Dimension Tide, opens a wormhole through which okay you know you know a giant prehistoric dragonfly enters the present and deposits a single egg before exiting through the wormhole.
She also studied Drama and used to combine writing with her work um like you know as an actress and producer in her country, where okay uh um she worked in theatre plays and in various soap operas.
The successful 2 point conversion made it 36 - I mean well uh 26, but the Patriots 'Alge Crumpler recovered the onside you know so I mean kick and gained 7 yards to Pittsburgh's 33 - yard line.
A native of the area around Jumet, he was active uh so okay in the vicinity of Charleroi; included in his output you know you know well are a number of aphorisms and a book of memoirs, published in 1980.
The club was 41 - 45 in a tight well like so division race in which they finished one game out uh um I mean in the first half but tied for last in the second half but just 4 games back.
Allen's father was a professional boxer, his mother died uh um well when he was two, and he was raised by his grandmother.
He is the iconic 'dambura player' of his generation, and is known for his unique style of regional traditional music.
When they were signed by Island Records in the US so I mean I mean the band decided to film a higher budget video: the well I mean you know American video for this song stars Flowers, Izabella Miko, and okay uh so Eric Roberts in a love triangle, taking place within the context of a burlesque show.
Situated at the foot of the Mount Nakhal on so well well a rocky prominence it is to the northeast of Al Jabal Al Akhdar or Green Mountain.
As time goes by they go to so uh so the race track, where they are spotted by none other than Jeff's old partner, Fisher.
Together with the organization's president Li JianChiu (李建秋), they set you know uh I mean up their establishment of the federation in Beijing as the philanthropic you know um okay branch of the Chinese salvationist religion Guiyidao (皈依道), the 'Way of the Return to the One'.
The Ironside story was considered as an option in I mean you know okay support of Ferdinand, but Noel Wild and Ops (B), uh so uh the SHAEF deception planners, were worried about the impact um okay so of a theoretical US invasion force on the continuing Fortitude deception.
Given the precarious political connections of Sher Afghan before I mean well I mean his death, his family was in great danger and therefore um okay well for her own protection, Mehrunnissa needed to be at the Mughal court in Agra.
Photons from an ideal single photon source exhibit uh okay like photon antibunching, so that the time between two successive photons is never less than some minimum value.
Franklin left the small role to pursue greater opportunity as a like so well main cast member on 'Traffic Light' along with another you know okay I mean former player on 'The Office', David Denman, who played Pam's ex-fiancee Roy.
The rift between Robert and Godwin culminated in Robert's deposition you know like okay and exile in 1052, and he died at Jumièges sometime between 1052 and 1055.
He was educated at Marlborough College from so uh I mean 1976 to 1981 and went on to read Arabic and Islamic Studies at Pembroke College, Cambridge.
Matthew Currie Holmes (born May 26, 1974) is like um uh a Canadian actor / producer / writer / director who has appeared in over forty film and television projects.
He has collected four caps while scoring one goal.
Under the terms on the airline bankruptcy the training academy was um um I mean permitted to remain open as an independent training organization uh okay okay in 1992 under its current name Pan Am International Flight Academy.
Patricians always married by 'confarreatio', while plebeians so like like married by 'coemptio' or 'usus': in the latter, a woman well I mean you know could avoid her husband's legal control simply by being I mean so okay absent from their shared home for three consecutive nights, once a year.
Adam Jr. Then experiences an intense high throughout the so well you know night, at one point calling Jill and telling her he's a god.
Charles Herbert Flowers High School is comprehensive and Science so I mean um and Technology magnet school located in Springdale, Maryland and part of the Prince George's County School System.
Glenn Bell is a professional rugby league footballer who played uh okay well in the 1980s, and 1990s, playing at representative level for well I mean you know Scotland, and at club level for Featherstone Rovers, Dewsbury Rams and Doncaster as a.
The Canadian Athletic Therapists Association (CATA) is you know I mean uh a professional body was established on April 24, 1965 um okay like at a meeting at Maple Leaf Gardens in Toronto, Ontario.
When he realizes he can't win, he tells Satella to well okay you know take Azmaria as far away as they can, but before uh so uh they can escape, Joshua turns Azmaria into stone and takes you know okay I mean her away back to Eden along with Fiore, Genai, Viede and Aion.
Cardiff was once a full member of the university but you know so so has now left (though it retained some ties) having um you know okay previously merged with the University of Wales College of Medicine (which was also a former member).
Persons with parental responsibility should also be consulted and if I mean so um they object the child (unless they are over 16 uh so like years old) can not be accommodated under Section 20 okay you know uh of this Act; the parent can also remove the child from the accommodation provided at any time.
An important creation myth of the islands of Tuvalu is uh okay um the story of the Eel and the Flounder; the Flounder reminding the Tuvaluans of the flat atolls.
Humbert Sánchez is the father of Perla Gabriela Sánchez, quien sufferes like uh like from severe Cerebral Palsy caused by medical negligence during her well you know you know birth and has been treated for the condition at okay like like the Children's Rehabilitation Center of Tlalnepantla for seven years, reducing her convulsions.
Anja Feldmann (1966 -- present) studied computer science at Universität Paderborn and received her Diplom in 1990.
Aaron 'Jesus' Aguilera was part of the team Los Pochos I mean uh um Guapos with Kaos who main evented in third well you know I mean episode in a Tables, Ladders and Cervasa's match ending their feud with Luke Hawx and Alkatrazz.
Can he swing from a thread? no, but he can rip off your head.
On March 31 2016 Carson signed with the Los Angeles uh you know so Sparks In 2016, Carson won her first WNBA Championship um like okay with the Sparks as they defeated the Minnesota Lynx 3 - 2.
Chutzpa Productions Inc. Has set the bar with thought you know well like - provoking, edgy, award - winning films, spearheading a well so uh new movement in contemporary documentary filmmaking that is often mimicked by others.
The name 'Elephant and Castle' in South London is often um you know you know said to derive from this expression, though this derivation is generally rejected by etymologists.
He currently holds the Thomas G. Myers Professorship Chair of um you know okay Electrical Engineering and is also a Professor of Medical Engineering at the California Institute of Technology (Caltech).
Leeds Carnegie Handball Club (LCHC) is a university - uh you know so based, amateur handball club registered in the England uh so well Handball Association, which hosts both men's and women's teams, well like okay and is based at Leeds Metropolitan University in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England.
He was a student of Zhang Binglin; some of Zhang's works um like like were copied and printed in Qian's remarkable seal script handwriting.
John Doman (born January 9, 1945) is an American actor best known well like so for playing Deputy Police Commissioner William Rawls on HBO series 'The Wire' um uh okay from 2002 to 2008 and Colonel Edward Galson on 'Oz' in 2001.
Postwar the Vickers Directors decided to borrow, purchase the whole I mean you know uh Ward End site and further expand Wolseley's works and uh uh you know to consolidate their motor - car interests in one company.
Hugh Lawson White (August 19, 1881 -- September okay uh uh 20, 1965) was born near McComb and attended the University of okay um you know Mississippi where he was a member of St. Anthony Hall.
'Nobody But Me' is a single by American country okay like well music singer Blake Shelton that reached the Top 5 on the 'Billboard' Hot Country Songs chart.
Gateson made her film debut in 1931 after a like so I mean career on the stage of more than two decades, playing so I mean so secondary character roles as women of wealth and breeding, who were often haughty and aloof.
This is a four stage rocket in a configuration which I mean well like only flew twice before, both to launch Phobos spacecraft towards Mars in 1988.
The young widow edited her father's papers, okay I mean uh which provide insight into the events of the Revolutionary era.
The contestant was on the team that won the challenge.
A native of Cross River State, he attended a few uh well well catholic seminaries before he became a priest, he was okay I mean you know ordained on December 7, 1947, and became the first priest from the old Calabar province.
It is thought that the first school in the USA so you know um to introduce RFID technology was Spring Independent School so you know um District near Houston, Texas, which, in 2004, gave 28, well okay okay 000 students RFID badges to record when students got on and off school buses.
Fort Hill, also known as the John C. Calhoun okay like you know Mansion and Library, was originally built as a four room house about you know uh uh 1803 and was called Clergy Hall by Dr. James McElhenny, who was the pastor of Hopewell Presbyterian Church.
Local government is supplied by the Goondiwindi Town Council while the like well so town is also the administrative centre for the Waggamba Shire.
Just before the Riley Center was completed, the city announced like okay you know that it had bought the Threefoot Building from a like like well private developer, hoping that a Jackson renovation firm would convert the former office building into a luxury hotel.
On 19 November 2011, he captained Schalke for the I mean okay like first time due to an injury of Benedikt Höwedes in a so you know okay 4 -- 0 home win against Nuremberg; he also scored I mean okay I mean the second goal and assisted the fourth in that game.
Popular religiosity appears as an alternative manifestation to the official okay uh like religion as a way for people to seek their own relationships with the divine, out of vertical structures of power.
Frazer and the members of his family were incarcerated in uh so okay a sandstone, Gothic mausoleum in Rookwood Cemetery, which you know I mean okay was built in 1894 along the lines specified by Frazer before his death.
Each category had one question with two possible I mean well uh answers; guessing right won the category, guessing wrong lost it.
Larry Donnell Nance Jr. (born January 1, 1993) is an well uh you know American professional basketball player for the Los Angeles Lakers who murdered Brook Lopez on court on December 14, 2016.
Trianz is a management consulting and information technology firm like like I mean headquartered in California, USA founded by Sri Manchala in 2001.
Close to half of symptomatic individuals have a visual disturbance, with like like I mean less common symptoms including diabetes insipidus, amenorrhoea, and galactorrhea.
The community looks for someone to blame, but Lucy okay I mean uh is exposed as a liar in the subsequent uh I mean okay inquest after phone call records provide Danny with an alibi.
Banksia Park is a north - eastern suburb located um like okay 20 km from the city centre of Adelaide, South Australia, within the City of Tea Tree Gully.
Soddy's hexlet is a theorem about mutually tangent spheres, that was published by Frederick Soddy in 1937.
Garden City is a city in Chatham County, Georgia, United States, located just northwest of Savannah.
He also worked briefly for his father's publisher, Reilly I mean uh I mean & Britton, worked in advertising in Chicago, and so well well was the first member of the Baum family to move to the Los Angeles area.
Student council president candidate and top student, who badly well um okay desired to become the student council president, and acquired assistance from Spirit agents.
Kim Hyun - Kwan (; born 20 April 1985 ) like so so is a South Korean football winger, who plays for Yongin City FC in Korea National League.
On 15 August, he scored Spurs 'first goal of like okay like the Premier League season in a 2 -- 2 draw at I mean like you know home to Stoke City, and on 26 September, Dier I mean uh well scored the team's equalising goal in a 4 -- 1 home victory over Manchester City.
Lam (2009), p. 47 The task of defending Loc Ninh so so uh was entrusted to the ARVN 9th Infantry Regiment, 5th Infantry Division, I mean you know so commanded by Colonel Nguyen Cong Vinh, 1st Cavalry Squadron, 1st Regional Force Battalion and elements of the 74th Ranger Battalion.
Burriss also played in the Cape Cod Baseball League, um so I mean a summer league for college players, with the I mean like so Orleans Firebirds, and he played collegiately at Kent State University in Kent, Ohio.
In Bangladesh there is also GCE A-Level and GCE um I mean okay O - Level there are many schools who follow British Curriculum.
Nominees to Party positions are invariably elected I mean um like by wide margins in single - candidate votes, although there is well well well room for symbolic protest votes ( 'no' or 'abstain' votes ) that embarrass the party leadership.
Depicted as shy, naïve and impressionable, Aidan was quickly I mean you know um led astray by the troublesome Mandy, signifying the start of the character's misfortune and decline.
The Walnut Valley Unified School District is located like um well in the Greater Los Angeles Area serving parts of the I mean okay so City of Walnut and parts of the city of Diamond Bar.
Intended as a one - time appearance, the pair um I mean uh became a recurring role starting in the 1945 - you know um you know 46 season, and in early 1947, Benaderet and Berner momentarily took so like I mean over the actual NBC switchboards in Hollywood for publicity photos.
In foreign policy the nation never joined the League of so like uh Nations, but instead took the initiative to disarm okay well so the world, most notably at the Washington Conference in 1921 -- 22.
The Legged Squad Support System was to 'Go well uh you know where dismounts go, do what dismounts do, work well I mean so among dismounts,' carry of squad equipment, sense and negotiate terrain, maneuver nimbly, and operate quietly when required.
In January 1861, Tom, Horatio and a party of employees um okay like and their families travelled by steamer to Brisbane, disembarked okay um you know in Moreton Bay, and then, with livestock and supplies, set I mean you know so out on an eight month trek inland through dense bush and across rivers.
Run at Wembley Stadium from 1929 until 1998, it moved to Oxford Stadium in 1999.
Chilean rock music comes from many decades of evolving you know you know so musical styles, many of the later conceived artists in you know uh like the 80's and 90's are highly influenced by artists okay you know I mean such as folk musicians Victor Jara and Violeta Parra.
In the early 1970, Moberly was arrested after a demonstration uh like I mean outside Downing Street: the protest was against the British government's inaction over the war in Rhodesia.
He offered to pay $ 34, 187 in back rent on um like you know the land to the Bureau of Land Management, but um you know um the government refused the payment and evicted him and his followers from the land.
Pu borrows from a folk tradition of oral storytelling to well uh okay put to paper a series of captivating, colorful stories, where like um you know the boundary between reality and the odd or fantastic is blurred.
Lectionary 94, designated by sigla ℓ '94' (in the Gregory - you know so like Aland numbering), is a Greek manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment leaves.
A heist film is a subgenre to a Crime um so um film it focuses on the planning, execution, and aftermath of a theft.
Rune has toured Denmark with the shows 'Rune Klan Går well you know like Large' and 'Det Blå Show' who both show his unique combination of magic and stand - up comedy.
As the 25th Brigade fell back, the right of uh okay I mean the 23rd Brigade was exposed and enveloped by the Germans and the brigade retreated to avoid being rolled up.
From his exploration, Cormack prepared an account of his travels, like uh well which describes the interior with an accuracy no subsequent traveller has matched; his 'Narrative' is the undisputed classic of Newfoundland travel.
Singapore ranks as one of the highest countries in test you know okay well scores in math, science, and literacy, s listed as okay um uh one of the world's best performing system of schools (Stewart, 2015).
The Liberty Challenge was an Indy Pro Series race uh um you know held on the road course at Indianapolis, from 2005 to okay well well 2007, as a support race to the U. S. Grand Prix.
This continues in Hard Luck, where he is the main antagonist, you know so uh ditching Greg for his new girlfriend Abigail, though in the like well you know end, they break up and he becomes friends with Greg again.
Eventually she left the family out of desperation; in uh like okay Season 8, she contacts Booth for the first time okay well you know in over two decades to invite him to her wedding.
The work of Shabeeba is significant, being the only leftist um so I mean youth organization in the whole area of the Persian Gulf you know well well region which suffers authoritarian and social oppression, and where there is no real democratic experience.
Austin was born in Ascot Vale, Victoria, Australia, and from well um like 1927 to 1931 was a student at Melbourne Grammar School.
Noorjahan was a TV series produced by Cinevistaas, based you know um so on the life of Mughal Queen Noorjahan which aired on Doordarshan in 2000 - 2001.
On the night of the game Allie tells Will about Jen and Lance and that he's King Arthur.
Clingan founded Voicebox Youth Opera when working in South you know well like Australia from 1994 -- 1996 and she composed many music theatre pieces during this time.
Browning had been drinking since the war, but his drinking well so okay became chronic, and led to a severe nervous breakdown which forced his resignation from his position at the Palace.
Other members of the team became jealous of um like um the tall, handsome Bican's success, and he was sometimes called abusive names, such as 'Austrian bastard'.
Tavish Scott (born 6 May 1966) is a Scottish Liberal well you know well Democrat politician, heir to the Garth Estate, Member of the Scottish Parliament for Shetland, and Minister for Transport.
After Prince died in 1899 he was replaced by Reverend so like okay John Hugh Smyth - Pigott, whose house in St so so like John's Wood was visited by John Betjeman in his film Metro - land.
Offerdahal stayed at WMU for four years, majoring in bio-medicine, and starting every game over that time.
Prominent New York police detective Val O'Farrell had stated Cerofisi was I mean okay okay 'one of the toughest men in the world'; police suspected um so you know Cirofisi of at least 6 homicides, however they were unable to charge him due to lack of evidence.
In addition, some deliveries may not be appropriate for a uh like so reverse auction, as back loads and part loads often I mean you know well require a degree of flexibility on the customer's part which can be prohibitive for transport providers.
According to local media, attackers in four off well I mean uh - road vehicles planted two bombs, after their detonation, um I mean uh they opened fire on worshipers at al - Rawadah mosque in Bir al - Abed.
The Sunday before Sands began his strike, 3, 500 people marched uh I mean I mean through west Belfast; during the first hunger strike four months earlier the marchers had numbered 10, 000.
The character first appeared in the programme on 7 January 2010, and departed on 8 March 2011.
Tod had dabbled in music while at RISD with the group I mean uh you know Dig Dat Hole with future Cop Shoot Cop uh you know like collaborator Phil Puleo and Jon Rose; the band recorded an you know uh okay album named Kneejerk with Steve Albini, but only test pressings of the album were made.
Konzum operates in Serbia under the 'Idea' brand. Idea stores like like uh are named Idea Mini, Idea Maxi, Idea Super or Idea Extra according to their sizes.
Established in 1997, on land originally bought from the Leni I mean so okay Lenape Indians in 1683, the park covers an so I mean uh area of (approx) 50. 6 acres, with a mixture of dirt and wood chipped nature trails.
Giske Bridge was opened in 1987 and had a toll until 2009.
No official track listing has been revealed except for okay well so 'Audience No. 2', the first single released on May I mean um like 21st 2008, along with the instrumental track 'Fat Kid', and a cover of The Beatles 'Helter Skelter' as b - sides.
It was 'Natyacharya' Padma Shri Māni Mādhava Chākyār, a visionary well uh okay and virtuoso of this art took Koothu and Kudiyattam outside okay I mean I mean the temples to the common people, who first performed Chakyar Koothu for All India Radio and Doordarshan.
In 2006 Channel 4 produced a TV non-fictional drama based so uh you know loosely on the riots from the perspective of an Asian family.
According to Brooks, Henley was 'especially sadistic' in well I mean so his participation in the murders committed at 925 Schuler: before I mean like uh Corll vacated the address on June 26, I mean you know well Henley assisted Corll and Brooks in the abduction and murder of two youths named Billy Baulch and Johnny Delone.
Julie Gold is originally from Philadelphia; she graduated from well you know like the Philadelphia High School for Girls in 1974 and uh okay so from 1990 to 1994, she was a member of um um um Four Bitchin' Babes, along with Christine Lavin, Megon McDonough, and Sally Fingerett.
Folded leaves offer less exposure to sunlight, so they okay like you know are heated less thus reducing evaporation and conserving the okay uh um remaining water in the plant and occur on the leaves of many monocotyledons but are probably best known in grasses.
KanJam was created in the 1980s by Charles Sciandra okay uh uh and Paul Swisher in Buffalo, New York, originally being called 'Trash Can Frisbee'.
Tommy Michael Smyth (pronounced Smith) (born in Knockbridge, County you know I mean okay Louth, Republic of Ireland) is a leprechaun for ESPN, which he joined in February 1993 as a football analyst.
The film received highly positive reviews from critics and audiences, is I mean like you know the best - reviewed film in the 'X-Men' series well uh like and was considered by some as one of the best superhero films of all time.
Elements of 'Dust My Broom' have been traced back to several um well well earlier blues songs and it has been suggested that Robert Johnson may have begun developing his version as early as 1933.
On August 2, 1999, Charles Moose became the 15th Montgomery County I mean you know you know (MD) Police Chief and was in charge of the Beltway Sniper investigation.
On March 1, the Blackhawks played in their 2nd outdoor game so okay I mean in franchise history at Soldier Field in part of the new NHL Stadium Series.
The car's name is a reference to so I mean I mean the General Robert E. Lee and it bears a Confederate flag like uh well on its roof, and also has a horn which plays the first twelve notes of the song 'Dixie'.
He reprises his role in 'The Umbrella Chronicles', where uh like so the events of 'Resident Evil 3' are revisited in the like I mean I mean 'Raccoon's Destruction' scenario, in which Carlos is a playable character alongside Jill Valentine.
Egypt 1999, Portugal 2003, Tunisia 2005 and in 2009 uh so okay made a return to International Handball with four appearances for um well okay Australia at the Croatia 2009, where he was also the assistant coach of the team.
The school has about 30 children with the last name Bartlett uh I mean uh (2009) and the town has a pub, a like you know okay general store and a post office as well as an oval and a swimming pool.
The newspaper, first published in 1829, was purchased in 1996 by the A. H. Belo Corporation.
Steve Ogden, the Bryan Republican who was elected in okay okay okay 1996 to Moore's former seat and still serves in you know uh okay the chamber, called Moore' one of the giants of Texas like okay uh politics who built many of the things we take for granted today.
At the election, Chris delivers a silly speech, but so you know okay after the votes are tallied, Chris unexpectedly wins the election, you know um uh much to the surprise of Lois, Brian, and Stewie.
In recent years, however, the Rama population has increased to around so so so 2, 000 individuals, with a majority of the population you know uh so living on the island of Rama Cay, which is located in the Bluefields Lagoon.
Years later, the two bears are living in harmony so you know okay with their nephew when an earthquake strikes their home, forcing them to seek shelter underground.
According to Oswald, he met with four more Soviet uh um okay officials that same day, who asked if I mean you know well he wanted to return to the United States; um okay like he insisted to them that he wanted to live in the Soviet Union as a Soviet national.
It contains more extras than the previously released US you know I mean okay set, This remastered set was released in Region 1 on March 3 2009.
These only operate on arterial routes, therefore do not like uh um serve the city extensively, with most routes within Edinburgh are operated by Lothian Buses.
Leaving school, Scaggs briefly joined the burgeoning rhythm and blues um well um scene in London, then traveled on to Sweden as a solo uh well like performer, and in 1965 recorded his solo debut album, 'Boz', which failed commercially.
The original chancel was a small timber one, but it has undergone many revisions since.
Graduated in architecture from the University of Science and Technology uh I mean I mean in Tehran in 1986, Tahmineh Milani started movie directing like um okay with Children of Divorce in 1989, after some experience as an assistant director.
It covered, along the boulevards des Maréchaux (Boulevards of the okay okay uh Marshals) of today, and a glacis extending to the location of today's Boulevard Périphérique.
Following her death, John Say married secondly as well well um her third husband, Agnes Danvers, and died five years later on 12 April 1478.
On 1 May 1942 she was assigned to the '9th I mean so like U-boat Flotilla' and spent the rest of her career with that unit.
The vote was 3 - 2 in favor of excluding um you know you know the pledge; quoted members said they found the 'under God' you know okay I mean portion of the pledge 'offensive' because it violated the doctrine of separation of church and state.
The youngster made great strides in the 2008/09 season making you know um well a total of seven appearances in his first season I mean I mean okay as a professional, making his debut as a substitute for so like you know Orient in a home game against Doncaster Rovers on 19 April 2008.
The Navy befriends the ninjas and the ninjas then disappear with the help of smoke bombs.
The Diseases Database is based around a collection of about um like like 8, 500 concepts, called 'items', related to human medicine including diseases, drugs, symptoms, physical signs and abnormal laboratory results.
The crooked man is reputed to be the Scottish General Sir Alexander um um you know Leslie, who signed a covenant securing religious and political freedom for Scotland.
The median income for a household in the city is so uh I mean $ 29, 750, and the median income for a family is $ 35, 313.
The software was developed by two brothers, Paul and I mean I mean like David King after experiencing similar frustrations while working freelance; the okay you know well brothers wanted a software that would let them track their like I mean like time, money and business miles in a single location.
For example, some green sulphur bacteria capture geothermal like okay you know light for anoxygenic photosynthesis where half of the amount like like okay of geothermal heat is caused by the alpha decay of uranium and thorium within Earth's crust.
Beth McCarthy or Beth McCarthy - Miller (born September 3, okay so um 1963 in Elizabeth, New Jersey) was the director of NBCs 'Saturday Night Live' for eleven years.
Part of the evolution of Art Nouveau was the okay like I mean 'Exposition Universelle' of 1900 in Paris, which presented an overview of the 'modern style' in every medium.
Initially known as the Focal Point Media Center, as like you know okay part of the AND / OR Gallery in like you know you know Seattle, the center began with the help of Anne Focke, Heather Dew Oaksen, Jill Medvedow and Nori Sato.
The men of Traphill often formed bands of raiders well so so which attacked local pro-Confederate citizens and hid escaped deserters from well well you know the Confederate Army and escaped Union POWs from nearby prisoner - of - war camps.
Pomade is a greasy or waxy substance that makes hair look slick and shiny.
He has attracted attention for his work writing and directing you know like you know 'Secondhand Lions', and wrote the screenplays for 'The Iron Giant' and 'Dennis the Menace Strikes Again!'.
Stutz, a 5 '10' guard - forward from Worcester, Massachusetts, attended the you know you know I mean University of Rhode Island and Stutz played three seasons like you know you know (1946 -- 1949) in the Basketball Association of um well like America as a member of the New York Knicks and Baltimore Bullets.
While the situation in the Philippines became desperate the three so uh um ships were forced to stop in Los Angeles for repair so well uh and on 13 April General MacArthur reported blockade running I mean um so was 'useless,' but the War Department decided to make the attempt.
The now armorless Collabos is used by Taiga as bait I mean I mean I mean to lure Ex-Aid and Brave, in which Snipe later released okay uh I mean the Bugster to distract Ex-Aid before destroying it with Jet Critical Strike.
The line from Preston to Bamber Bridge via Todd Lane okay uh okay remained open for freight trains until 1972 to serve Lostock Hall Gas Works.
Due to my involvement in the yachting industry, I okay well okay am quite knowledgeable in assisting in this industry as well as most other marine related information.
In 1999, they ventured into the U. S. With the so well so purchase of the money - losing, $ 300 million I mean I mean I mean in sales, Minnesota - based Snyders Drug Store chain; you know I mean I mean in 2001, they purchased the U. S. - based Drug Emporium big - box discount chain.
The current Chief of Police is Thomas um like okay E. Smith, who was sworn in on June 15th 2010, I mean so um succeeding John M. Harrington, who had been the department's chief since 2004.
However, he was unsuccessful and was out hit wicket okay like um for 184, having batted for 413 minutes and hit 19 fours.
Worton is a village in Wensleydale in the okay um uh Yorkshire Dales in the Richmondshire district of North Yorkshire south of Bainbridge and Askrigg on the A684 road.
Two Wehrmacht officers and a small group of soldiers um I mean okay positioned machine guns in the towers of Schloss Allner and I mean um I mean opened fire on the Americans as they launched boats into the river.
The new bridge, owned by TransLink, will span one kilometre, you know well you know have a clearance of 40 metres and create 13 kilometres of new road.
Van Halen bought the Frankenstrat's ash body and maple okay so you know neck for $ 130 from Wayne Charvel and Lynn Ellsworth, who sold Boogie Body bodies and necks.
Sarah has a heart - to - heart with Dolly, and okay uh I mean acknowledges that her ex is now with a woman fifteen years younger well like uh than her with a baby on the way, after never being ready to have children with Sarah.
Sir John Hawker English, M. D. (1788 -- 1840), entered um well uh the employment of the king of Sweden as well well I mean surgeon, and became surgeon - in - chief to the Swedish army.
Matthew Joseph Cohen (born September 28, 1982) is an American well you know um film and television actor best known for playing Aiden Dennison on the teen drama 'South of Nowhere'.
'Yana Yana' (in Arabic يانا يانا) is a famous Arabic like like you know language song in Egyptian Arabic by the Lebanese pan-Arab singer um okay uh Sabah lyrics written by Morsy Jamil Aziz and music by Baligh Hamdi.
Included in this forecast was another revision in you know so I mean the projected revenue from charitable gambling sources, from the previous estimate okay you know okay of $ 16 million, down to $ 1. 7 million, a further 90 % reduction in the estimate for 2013 revenue.
George Lewis Ruffin (16 December 1834 - 19 November 1886) so well like was the first African - American to graduate from Harvard um so you know Law School in 1869, and the first African American to serve on the Boston City Council.
Charlie and Leatherface take the Sheriff's body home and like um I mean butcher him for stew meat, telling the rest of uh you know uh the family that they will not leave and with 'good people like the sheriff here' they'll never go hungry again.
When the program was revived in 1982, the school did well you know I mean not have a large budget and coach Erk Russell well okay like ordered solid blue helmets and asked the players to put a white strip of tape down the middle.
While in service to the government, he studied at Oxford University I mean so so in 1957 -- 1958 and completed a Master of Public Administration at Harvard University in 1964.
In coming weeks, seeking to distance himself from his like um um daughter's legal problems and bad publicity, jockey Santos was well like so represented by two lawyers who told the Mineola well I mean uh court he could not post bail for his daughter.
During his 19 - year (1983 -- 2001) playing career, he so you know um threw and batted right - handed, stood tall and weighed.
In April 2013, it was revealed he was not well uh you know short - listed for the top job but applied well okay like after he received a phone call from Prime Minister John Key; the two have known each other since childhood.
In September 'Richmond' came to the assistance of the Turks I mean I mean you know and Caicos Islands when the region was struck by like I mean like Hurricane Frances though fortunately the Turks and Caicos Islands suffered only minimal damage to buildings.
Four months later, Gilberto Rodríguez was recaptured by Colombian authorities so okay well in Cali during March 2004, accused of having shipped 150 okay you know I mean kilograms of cocaine to the US in 1990, a crime which you know well I mean he had not previously confessed and therefore allowed for his new arrest.
The Ocean Observatories Initiative (OOI), a project funded by I mean I mean you know the National Science Foundation (NSF), will deliver data like I mean um and data products for a 25 - year - plus you know well um time period within an expandable architecture that can meet emerging technical advances in ocean science.
One of her most notable projects was Tutti, a restaurant in okay um uh downtown Lafayette that was an upstairs dining room for adults and a downstairs playroom for children.
The stadium has hosted 10 ODI matches, the I mean I mean um first one was played between India and West Indies on 22 January 1988.
Using infected puppies as bait, the plan seemed so um you know work for a while, resulting in a mass exodus of mutant rats to the surface to die.
The song sold over 100, 000 copies alone you know I mean so in the southern states and then Cash began to tour with well uh um Elvis Presley (among other artists from the record business) soon after it's release.
Membership is not necessarily voluntary, as it may be effectively um well well required in order to work, which is why some people well so like use the term common - interest association to describe uh okay um groups which form out of a common interest although this term is not widely used or understood.
Jung - Mo Lee (Hangul: 이정모; born March 26, 1944) you know I mean like is a Korean cognitive psychologist and cognitive scientist studying language, human um um okay memory, history of psychology, and foundations of Cognitive Science.
An update to this report was released in November 2010 well I mean so which outlined many new developments, including the impact of like well okay 2009 post-election violence and continuing tensions surrounding the Iranian nuclear program.
Morality ( from the Latin 'manner, character, proper behavior' ) is the well I mean uh differentiation of intentions, decisions, and actions between those that are distinguished as proper and those that are improper.
Manaphy is available to a player of 'Pokémon Diamond' I mean like I mean or 'Pokémon Pearl' as soon as the player like like I mean has gained access to the Jubilife TV Station, assuming that um uh okay the player has fulfilled all the requirements for the Manaphy egg in Pokémon Ranger.
In addition to his military service, due to the influence I mean um I mean of the 2nd Duke of Newcastle, he was a Member I mean well I mean of Parliament and was named Governor of Gibraltar, but died before assuming the post.
The British discovered Pau and its climate and left um I mean I mean their imprint, partly because Wellington left a garrison so well so there in 1814 after defeating Marshal Soult at Orthez (some um like um 40 km to the NW) on his way into uh um I mean France from Spain towards the end of the Peninsular War.
At 6 '6', 273 lbs, Brooks led the 1984 team with like okay well six sacks and 13 tackles for loss, and he well like uh was selected for the second consecutive year as an All - Big Ten player.
The role is defined in standard forms of contract such uh um uh as those published by the Joint Contracts Tribunal. Clerks of like okay you know Works are also the most highly qualified non-commissioned tradesmen in the Royal Engineers.
For the next several months, 'Drum' operated in her local like I mean like homeport operating areas before her next WESTPAC deployment in October, which included visits to Guam and the Philippines.
On March 1, 2007, he was released one year after uh like well he signed a four - year, $ 14 million contract.
Huber retired as president of the Carpenters at the end of like uh uh his term in 1912, and was succeeded by James Kirby.
Its origins can be traced back to the uh um you know 17th century, when the Habsburg duchy of Carniola was uh you know okay divided into three administrative districts, given by the scholar Johann Weikhard von so like so Valvasor in his 1689 work 'The Glory of the Duchy of Carniola'.
Father Reder, a priest summoned by a nurse arrives to well okay uh give the patient the last rites, but Bernhardi refuses him okay I mean like admission wishing to spare her the anguish she would okay okay um suffer were she to realize that she is about to die.
After missing the playoffs for two straight seasons, the Cavaliers uh um um got off to a strong start winning their first like so uh four games on their way to a solid 15 -- 7 start.
The girls share their first kiss while in the water, so uh so bikini - clad, resulting in the two girls having uh um well sex for the first time, later that night, in Tamsin's bed.
However, established New England political interests feared the growth of okay well well the West and a majority in the Federalist Party opposed the purchase.
Jason A. Heyward (born August 9, 1989 in Ridgewood, well so uh New Jersey) nicknamed 'J - Hey' is a Major League Baseball right fielder for the Atlanta Braves.
The College is also one of the largest well like okay providers of workforce training, adult literacy programs, and non-credit well I mean um classes in a four - county region and the only well uh I mean community college in Pennsylvania to offer on - campus housing.
At the start of the Second Sino - Japanese um um I mean War in 1937, Japanese troops overran the salterns in North you know like you know China and soon more than half the salt revenue okay okay you know was either not collected, kept by needy local governments, or taken by the Japanese.
The Royals became the first team since the Oakland Athletics um okay you know in 1989 to win the World Series after losing okay um uh in the previous year, and the second consecutive year the World Series was won on the road.
Suresh Pachouri entered Politics as an Indian Youth Congress worker in the um um so early Seventies and became General Secretary of the Madhya Pradesh Youth Congress (I) from 1981 - 83.
Hanlon was born in Bristol and grew up on the Dorset coast.
Basic Combat Training (BCT) consists of the first I mean okay like ten weeks of the total Basic Training period, and like like okay is identical for all Army, Army Reserve, and Army National Guard recruits.
The OnePlus One has received a positive reception, although the okay uh I mean original distribution via an invite - only order system made it hard for reviewers to recommend.
However, the battle does not end here; all the like you know well power spheres combine to create one final War God who seems unstoppable.
The Japanese bonsai are meant to evoke the essential um okay like spirit of the plant being used: in all cases, they must look natural and never show the intervention of human hands.
Dolphin hunting largely ceased after 1980, partly because the protest I mean you know you know caused some embarrassment to Japan, but perhaps also so okay uh because dolphins stopped showing up in great numbers off Iki.
Monsoor was awarded the Silver Star for this action okay uh like and was also awarded the Bronze Star for his service in Iraq.
He had one further spell in employment outside okay well uh of Westminster politics when he lost office in so okay so 1992, as the Development Manager of ATB - Landbase Cymru from 1993 to 1997.
In the South German dialects (bairisch), 'dirndl' originally referred to a uh so okay young woman or a girl, and 'dirndlkleid' to the dress.
Mangalore has the highest literacy rate in Karnataka with 94. 03 uh uh I mean % significantly higher than the national average of 59. 5 per cent.
The physicians were required to examine the victim before the punishment I mean you know I mean and to remain throughout, in general though, physicians never actually examined the victims and never objected to the punishments.
The fruit is also known as 'Baby Mandarin', 'Tiny Tangerine' like uh like and 'Mini Mandarin', all are given names of the same species and hail from the same unique geographical area.
Franklin County is a county located in the U. S uh like like. State of Illinois, in the southern portion known locally as 'Little Egypt'.
It began as a research study in 1985, the study was funded by the Winston - Salem Foundation.
Several poets felt a kinship between writing poems and painting, and well like okay the abstracts spun a variety of responses: divination of personal relationships, glimpsed mythical forces, laughter, even Oscar Wilde.
The Leyland Tiger Cub (coded as PSUC1) was a lightweight well okay uh underfloor - engined chassis built by Leyland Motors um uh uh between 1951 and 1970, most as 44 -- or 45 - seat buses, with a smaller number as coaches.
Bridgman's first assignment in aviation was in 1913 when he was um well okay age 18 and one of his drawings was used to illustrate the Hendon Air Race program.
The sandwich is not vegan, as it has okay like you know dairy components, and is one of BK's health conscious oriented menu items.
The title track was also recorded in the so okay like sessions for this album, but was left unreleased until its appearance on their next album, 'Physical Graffiti'.
There was an uneasy calm built during the two like okay um years of emergency but the discontent lead to a uh so I mean wave in favour of Janata party which swept the Congress out of power in 1977.
The draft has not resolved such contradictions and I mean um I mean most likely NEVER WILL as it's an informal (unresolved) uh so um term that has fallen out of favour with academics, and apart from that no one is working on the draft.
Kimberlé Williams Crenshaw (born 1959) is an American like so so civil rights advocate, scholar in the field of critical race you know uh well theory, and a professor at UCLA School of Law so well like and Columbia Law School, where she specializes in race and gender issues.
Joseph Aston (1762 -- 19 October 1844) was an English um so like journalist, dramatist, and miscellaneous writer, born in 1762, the son of William Aston, gunsmith, of Deansgate, in Manchester.
Various local media reports claim that the school management I mean well so had destroyed or atleast tried to hide the evidence I mean you know okay before the police arrived and they alleged that fellow students uh I mean um were asked to wash spilled blood and other evidence um so uh so that the fingerprint and other marks could not be identified.
Ouma Rusks ( - literally 'Grandmother's Rusks' ) are like like like a well known South African brand of rusks - you know okay like a traditional South African snack that is dipped in coffee or tea before being eaten.
But, in a reversal of policy in 1877, General Oliver O okay um you know. Howard threatened to attack if the Indians did like well well not relocate to an Idaho reservation that was only a small fraction of their original territory.
The actual vector of a plate's motion is a so uh uh function of all the forces acting on the plate; however, um so uh therein remains the problem regarding what degree each process contributes to the motion of each tectonic plate.
Graham Jones is a Welsh professional rugby league footballer you know okay uh who played in the 1950s, playing at representative level okay okay okay for Wales, and at club level for Salford, as a, i. E. Number 6.
The United States presidential election of 1876 was the 23rd quadrennial presidential election, held on Tuesday, November 7, 1876.
A total of 25 North Pacific Giant Octopuses were captured you know okay like that day, ranging in weight from 4 to 57 pounds.
The name 'Sioux' was adopted in English by the 1760s well you know I mean from French, where the name is first attested by Jean Nicolet in 1640.
A large guerrilla force was able to trap I mean well you know and cut off the column of armoured cars in the valley; like like you know over 30 Elands were captured during the failed offensive and some were destroyed.
In 1982, Prater started touring with Sam Daniels, billed as Sam & Dave.
In an effort to embarrass his uncle, Joffrey you know you know I mean departs with the stepstool Tyrion was to use to cloak Sansa like well well with the Lannister colors; however Tyrion gets Sansa to kneel, and they are soon after married.
He died in Monmouth, Illinois on July 19, 1874, and was interred in Monmouth Cemetery.
The Slavic people were simply considered uncultured and inferior by okay so uh the Nazis, the Nazis feared the fertility of the Slavs and called for a depopulation policy towards them.
Women studying bookkeeping were allowed to study with uh like so the men in the Bookkeeping Department, while other women I mean um um could enroll in the Ladies Department, which offered instruction in penmanship, Belles - lettres, drawing, and French.
Cecil Rhodes King (January 13, 1898 - March 17, you know um I mean 1974) was an American businessperson and politician. The Democrat King um well you know served as the first United States Representative from California's you know well okay 17th congressional district for fourteen terms, serving from August 1942 to January 1969.
Later on, more bus lines were added to the Bus Station, okay uh you know a transport congestion started forming in the station, and so you know so as a result bus stations started spreading towards the surrounding like I mean um streets of the station's building and the area became a busy transportation center.
It participates in lectures and other projects with the local I mean you know I mean university and the local authority, and among its members are guides in thelocal IGY groups.
Another Roman Catholic bishop, Anton Stefanov, calls Arbanasi in well so like 1685 a village of Greeks and Albanians which ranks first so okay okay in Dacia, and there were local merchants in Italy, Hungary, Poland and particularly in Muscovy.
As the only ethnic Chinese peer in The House of I mean like you know Lords, Lord Wei also takes an interest in British so I mean so Chinese community issues, particularly in social reform and also economic, cultural and cultural ties between the UK and China.
Simon is an extremely successful freestyle skier who well okay so is constantly innovating the sport as well as winning a total of 2 Gold Medals in the Winter X-games.
The day after Feltre, 20 July, Mussolini met Ambrosio twice, and uh um so the second time he told him that he had decided you know I mean so to write to Hitler to ask him to exit the alliance.
At 06: 22 the aircraft crashed into the ground okay okay uh on the outskirts of Dürrenäsch, approximately 35 km from Zürich / Kloten Airport.
There are usually bus services such as the Kopaja buses okay I mean like and the more sophisticated TransJakarta bus rapid transit which is uh I mean uh the longest bus rapid transit system in the world, well well okay boasting some in 13 corridors and 10 cross-corridor routes and carrying 430, 000 passengers daily in 2016.
He was a highly intelligent student with a deep interest you know um I mean in social justice and a gifted linguist from an you know well you know early age, he learned to speak perfect French and then German and Spanish.
Miller lived in Ohio before moving to Milwaukee, Wisconsin, well like well and he describes himself as a 'Plenipotentiary - Judge', an ambassador, banker, postmaster, Miller, David Wynn.
Cell 95: 839 - 846 The protein is largely like you know uh localized to small cytoplasmic vesicles between the flagellar pocket and okay I mean uh the nucleus and binds to ApoL1 using a coiled you know you know I mean -- coiled interaction at the ApoL1 SRA interacting domain while within the trypanosome lysosome.
They have performed with Mos Def, Aquilla Sadalla, Phil Cohran and at the North Sea Jazz Festival.
The Town of Tchula is served by the Holmes uh I mean so County School DistrictTheir Schools are S. V. Marshall High and Elementary And Milston Middle.
She was born born on March 4, 1921 in Pirituba principality of so um you know São Gonçalo do Amarante and died from a heart uh well so attack at the age of 91 on March 27, 2012 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
The Town of Homer was established when Onondaga you know uh so County was formed in 1794 before Cortland County was formed from Onondaga County.
The operation failed to achieve its objectives by the end of uh well okay 25 June and the 49th Division continued the attack southwards so so uh until 1 July, when the division saw off a strong uh so so attack by elements of 2nd SS Panzer Division Das Reich.
A woman named Jan Snyder a block away reported hearing a car outside her window with a loud backfiring muffler.
Watts was born in Stuttgart, Baden - Württemberg, the only well well um child of Christiane and Charles Alphonso Watts; his mother is French and his father is African - American.
It was built in 1906 and designed by Frederick Walters and is a Grade II listed building.
Jimmy Ruffin was born in Collinsville, Mississippi, and uh um so was approaching his fifth birthday when his brother David was born.
The water initially flows in two paths before joining I mean well you know up and passing under Kentish Town and Kings Cross, running down so I mean I mean Farringdon Street, and joining the Thames beneath Blackfriars Bridge.
While Osorkon II's precise reign length is unknown, some you know like um Egyptologists such as Von Beckerath -- in his 1997 you know um like book Chronology of the Egyptian Pharaohs -- and Aidan well okay okay Dodson have suggested a range of between 38 to 39 years.
Bernie 'B - Man' Mangiboyat is a bass player and founding member for the rock group The Fifth.
Pierre Deland was born the child of Jean Pierre I mean I mean um Deland, violinist of the royal chapell; his grandfather Louis Antoine I mean um um Deland was from Luxemburg, originally har dresser uh um so of the queen, and his oncle, Louis Deland, was the master of the Royal Swedish Ballet.
Ryrie's health failed rapidly during his last days, falling unconscious and so you know uh dying at 1: 30 a. M. On 22 February, aged 63.
Michael says the only wealth in this world is children, and, uh uh so caring for his children's welfare, permits Kay to educate them although she has kept them from their father.
Referred in the media as the Prince of Tollywood, he is like I mean um one of the most popular and influential actors I mean uh I mean of Telugu cinema, and is described as the superstar of Telugu cinema by the audience.
Bigham was awarded the Bank of America Neighborhood Hero Award I mean uh you know for the prom as well as the Bob Speltzer Community like you know I mean Service Award by the Q Center for his uh well I mean work on LGBT issues and the Community Hero Award in I mean you know I mean Education from PHAME for his work with the special needs population.
Aided by Wild Child, their plan consisted of dropping Logan into so uh so molten steel, however as Wild Child was preparing to finish the job, Omega Red interrupted him.
In the 1600s, a french pirate, Jambe de Bois, you know okay um used pigeon Island as his base, he forged an agreement you know um uh with the Caribs, so that they would not attack his ship.
Kjell Stefan Löfvén (; born 21 July 1957 ) is well uh well a Swedish politician who has been Prime Minister of Sweden since 3 October 2014.
The show also depicts the interactions between Tia, her um you know okay daughters, (Tania and Mariah) and twin sons ( okay I mean you know Kanani and Keli'i ) all four who help run the center. , you know like okay and Villalobos' staff of volunteers and employees, many of whom are the eponymous parolees.
He was educated at Kunstakademie Düsseldorf during the 1960's and curently lives in Aurdal in Valdres.
During the siege the army of Barbarossa suffered heavy well well okay losses due Sarmiento's men stubborn resistance, but Castelnuovo eventually fell in okay I mean well Ottoman hands and almost all the Spanish defenders, including Sarmiento, were killed.
The Marine Corps will lead an investigation into the incident, well um okay which will include salvaging the fuselages of the like uh uh two helicopters, which were located approximately two miles off shore, under 325 feet of water.
Subsequently, the KKK attempts to plant a bomb you know you know like beneath Jake's porch, leading him to send his okay so okay wife and daughter out of town until the trial is over.
Henry and Hugh Mór battled for supremacy over two so I mean so decades, and Henry was subject to long imprisonment uh like okay by Hugh; but after Henry's son married Hugh's daughter he fought for Hugh during the Nine Years' War.
The album features the lead single 'Hollywood's Not America, 'which was I mean so okay featured as the' exit song 'during the seventh season of you know okay uh the American reality series' American Idol', giving Ferras a moderate amount of exposure and publicity for the song.
The last power - up for Judge is unknown; perhaps a Solar - Aura to take control over the planet.
Rachel has the power of telekinesis, she enters the door and it shuts itself behind her.
She certainly married Sir William at Bradgate but that in itself I mean okay so does not prove that Bess was in service like well I mean at Bradgate and it remains possible that she met Sir William elsewhere, possibly at Codnor.
They drink together, and she tells him of her like um you know parents' death in a drunk driving accident, which her sister witnessed, but Sara did not.
Dalton Maldonado (born October 20, 1995) is an American okay um so high school basketball player, and in 2015 was featured well like uh as one of the most influential people in the LGBT community by the magazine 'Out'.
From 0 to 100 km / h will you know so okay be given as 5. 6 seconds and maximum speed reaches uh you know like 265 km / h. Only five Tatra MTX V8s were ever built.
Fort Mackay / Horizon Airport is an airfield built um I mean uh to service the Horizon Oil Sands project of Canadian Natural Resources okay uh okay Ltd. (CNQ - NYSE / TSX), and is built and certified for aircraft up to and including B737.
Following this, in 1961 the Empire closed for extensive you know you know um internal reconstruction to a design by Architect George okay so like Coles; almost all the original ornate plasterwork was removed like so you know with only two small sections remaining, hidden behind false walls and ceilings.
West Oxford's locomotive depot was closed, and on okay well like 9 February 1931 the branch became goods only and the link from the Eyreton Branch was closed.
The scene is live performance based, and large reggae festivals occur annually in well like you know Raglan and Kaikoura, and local reggae artists are an intergral part of the live music scene.
However, the return of Goulding meant Briers was dropped to well like um the reserves, missing out on an appearance in the final & I mean okay okay Warrington Wolves stepped in to secure his signature in a £ 65, 000 move.
Suffering from an illness, he took refuge with the okay like okay king's brother Gusulf, where he noted that Abbas did not um so okay ask for the usual bottle of urine, and the doctor who came to examine him was inexperienced.
Dr. Stonehill is a composite of the many great scientists and um well uh researchers that Crowley worked with over the years, among them Dr. William Canfield and Dr. Yuan - Tsong Chen.
She resembles her comic incarnation, just apparently younger with a I mean so like cat mask, which is the only part of her visible when um so like she turns invisible, much like the Cheshire Cat in 'Alice In Wonderland'.
The southern facing panels are photovoltaic trackers and are highly okay I mean well efficient, generating thirty percent more energy than panels that do not move.
After a few months, Khushi and Arnav fall uh like well in love with each other again and after an argument, you know well well Arnav decides to go on a trip overseas but manages to get kidnapped.
Most disk partitioning schemes are designed to have files uh um I mean occupy a multiple of sectors regardless of the file's actual so I mean um size files that do not fill a whole sector will okay uh okay have the remainder of their last sector filled with zeroes.
He met his wife in Dalian and his girlfriend was so so you know a student of the Hong Kong Institute of Education when he was playing for Citizen and South China.
The raw clay is mined from a vein that the you know well um artisans say is chemically unique but at current rates of exploitation this vein may be exhausted in about fifty years.
In addition to the seven individual event winners, there um well um is also an overall champion titled the All okay you know well - Around Cowboy, all eight winners receive the National Circuit Championship gold belt - buckle.
Born in the village of Uhryniv Staryi, in the Kalush District like well so of Galiсia, then part of the Austro - Hungarian Empire, uh so you know in present day Ukraine, Stepan's father, Andriy Bandera, um uh uh was the Greek - Catholic rite parish priest of Uhryniv Staryi.
Unsold stock was apparently finally cleared from the Hatfield okay well like warehouse during 1988, the US Lone Star expert Dallas. J uh uh like. Mallerich was apparently offered any remaining OOO railway stock but the price quoted was too high.
Tomáš Holý (born 10 December 1991) is a you know um um professional Czech football goalkeeper currently playing for Gillingham after uh uh you know signing a two and a half year contract on 20 January 2017.
The previous voyages had been in search of uh um you know the mythical Strait of Anián and the Island of California, you know well okay which according to a previously published romance novel in so okay so Spain, was supposedly a terrestrial paradise populated only by dark - skinned women.
Kate eventually strengthened to a strong Category 3 hurricane I mean you know like on October 4 and slipped southeast of Newfoundland while a Category 1 hurricane.
At the age of 100, he was one of the oldest uh uh I mean Catholic bishops; he still lives in Amboina, one of the Moluccan islands in Indonesia.
Brooke Gabrielle Fraser Ligertwood, better known as Brooke Fraser so so you know (born 15 December 1983), is a New Zealand musician best like I mean well known for her third studio album 'Flags', and hit single 'Something in the Water'.
The Amsterdam Mohawks are a collegiate summer baseball team based in uh okay you know Amsterdam, New York and play in the Perfect Game Collegiate Baseball League.
Tarek Al Ali (born 6 February 1986) is a Lebanese footballer who plays for Al - Mabarrah in Lebanon.
Originating from Athens, Greece, Angelos Derlopas has won well like I mean some good reviews on GodsOfMusic. Com, on listen. Com and has okay so well earned distinctive spots on various site charts like mp3. Com, well you know so gained a profitable orbit on mp3. Com and um um um was nominated for a movie soundtrack on flicker. Com with 'Insalubrious'.
Altamira Press, 2002 The status of women in pre-Columbian Maya um so so society can be inferred only from their elaborate burial uh I mean so sMaya societies include Toniná, a city which became matrilineal after the death of the powerful leader, Lady K’awil.
Donald Howard, the Baron Strathcona and Mount Royal became its um I mean so first honorary president and, upon his death, was succeeded by the well okay um Prince Arthur, the Duke of Connaught and Strathearn, a previous Governor - General of Canada.
Kristopher Michael Pooley (born October 30, 1976) is an so I mean you know American rock musician from Detroit that is most popular so uh uh for his work with Gwen Stefani as her touring keyboardist, programmer, and musical director.
The new design was used as the basis of the um I mean uh E class, supplied by Neilson and Company in 1904, and um I mean okay in the same year the Central South African Railways introduced the F class, built by the Vulcan Foundry.
Back in the schoolroom, Jessamy went to the cupboard okay okay I mean to see if Fanny's hat was there, but you know I mean so the door closed behind her and she found uh I mean so herself back in the present, still in her dressing gown, holding the torch.
The Dedham Public School System (Dedham Public Schools) is a you know okay like PK -- 12 graded school district in Massachusetts and is the oldest public school system in the country.
Terrestrial orchids have been found to commonly associate so like you know with Tulasnellaceae, while epiphytic fungi may associate more commonly with limited clades of 'rhizoctonia', a polyphyletic grouping.
Major - General Sir Henry Havelock, KCB (5 April like I mean like 1795 -- 24 November 1857) was a British you know okay I mean general who is particularly associated with India and his recapture like so well of Cawnpore from rebels during Indian Rebellion of 1857.
'Hotel California' topped the 'Billboard' Hot 100 singles chart for okay like you know one week in May 1977 and peaked at number 10 on the Easy Listening chart.
As a result, the Devil's Advocate is indefinitely banned from the English Wikipedia.
According to this article (see reference) the whole tour in so well well Australia will approximately earn $ 56 million, though, with like you know uh the addition of extra dates, the new Australian leg grossing stands at just over $ 70 million.
These two proposed freeways were planned as toll roads, and so like uh in 1962, the New Jersey Expressway Authority Act was okay like I mean signed into law, creating the New Jersey Expressway Authority like so well that was to manage both the Atlantic City and Cape May expressways.
Russell is a town of 1, 700 located in southwestern Manitoba, Canada, west of Silver Creek Municipality.
Herpich came up with the idea to replace Ward with uh um um a futuristic man named Cuber; furthermore, Herpich crafted Cuber's dialogue so uh uh I mean that it would sound like it was a 'dialect from thousand of years in the future'.
Rabbi Jose ben Halafta, known for his commentary in the haggadah.
The mission was the longest continuous mission ever attempted by Twentieth Air Force, a distance and a duration of 17 hours.
The office of High Sheriff of Greater London was I mean so I mean created in 1965 and covers the ceremonial county of like so I mean Greater London and does not cover the City of London, which has its own two Sheriffs.
'Paper Plane' is a rock song originally by Status Quo, uh so okay which was released as a single in 1972 (reaching I mean okay so number 8 in the UK Singles Chart) and on their album 'Piledriver'.
It is a part of the San Francisco Bay so okay like Area. By 2030 San Ramon will have 81, 700 residents making it 5th largest city in Contra Costa County.
Jill made blueberry BBQ chicken with scalloped carrot and potato, so okay um Christina thought that the chicken had unexpectedly great flavor, so like well the gratin was delicious but had too much cream and herbs in it.
One particular defender of the idea of species selection is uh um I mean S. J. Gould who has proposed the view that there okay I mean you know exist macroevolutionary processes which shape evolution beyond the level of um you know I mean species and are not driven by the microevolutionary mechanisms already characterized by evolutionary biologists.
The Turks were looting and pillaging the countryside, for okay I mean okay two years Thrace was in the hands of Halil I mean so uh Pasha, the local inhabitants did not cultivate their lands at the time.
On 9 January 2011, at a political meeting uh um uh at the Silver Tassie Hotel, Letterkenny, Blaney disclosed that he and his okay so well wife had agreed to an amicable separation and that he had moved out of the family home in Rosnakill, Fanad.
Nordenskiöld Land is the warmest and wettest uh well uh part of the archipelago, caused by the convergence of mild you know well you know and humid air from the south and cold air from the north.
The North Eastern Railway (NER), unlike many other of the uh like like pre-Grouping companies, had a relatively compact territory, having the district it covered to itself.
He made his film debut in 1935 in 'The Case well so well of Gabriel Perry', and spent the remainder of the decade you know so so playing supporting roles in films, often being credited with 'stealing the scene' from the star.
Today, only passenger traffic, uses the remaining tunnels and all 4 modern lines are fully bidirectional.
The first documented use of the term is within a I mean um okay song featuring producer and lyricist Rebel MC, in which a sample uh you know um was taken from a much older dancehall tune well uh uh containing the lyrics 'Rebel got this chant -' alla the junglists'.
They all share the same chemical composition of AlPO well you know uh 4 and have framework structures with microporous cavities and the um okay um frameworks are made up of alternating AlO 4 and PO 4 tetrahedra.
A troll threatened them as they came, one by one; the like well you know two older ran off, but the youngest set out, you know so I mean having asked for food, and when the troll so um so threatened him, he pulled out some cheese and squeezed it until whey came out.
Hoc is mentioned as the father of Hnæf (d. 450?) and okay uh you know Hildeburh in the Old English poems 'Beowulf' and the so okay uh 'Finnsburg Fragment', but he may be a mythical tribal ancestor, because Widsith says that Hnæf ruled over the Hocings.
Niobe is a fictional character from the 'Matrix' film series, uh well um portrayed by actor Jada Pinkett Smith, wife of actor Will Smith.
The first season of Sam & Cataired on Nickelodeon from well like I mean June 8, 2013 to July 17, 2014. The season well I mean um introduces, Jennette McCurdy as Sam Puckett, Ariana Grande as Cat Valentine, and Cameron Ocasio as Dice Corleone.
He is known for his intense, powerful, energetic style and like so so his rendering of pieces of the celebrated Sufi mystic poet Amir Khusro.
As evidenced by the book's great popularity, in 1894 the you know like I mean scenario of such an alliance seemed plausible to the you know uh I mean British public; only four years later, Britain and France were indeed on the verge of war during the Fashoda Incident.
The Simister Village Community Association formed in 2000 is in uh like well the process of developing a 10 acre wetland site having well okay okay already installed stone paths at a cost of £ 30, 000 funded by grants obtained by the Committee.
The first offshore wind farm was installed in Denmark okay I mean um in 1991, and the installed capacity of European offshore wind farms reached 3 GW in 2010.
Nemir A. Kirdar is an Iraqi billionaire, businessman and financier, well um I mean he is the executive chairman & CEO of Investcorp, a private okay uh so equity investment group operating out of New York, London and Bahrain.
David Zennie is an American, Los Angeles based award okay so I mean - winning filmmaker who has produced and directed over 70 so um well professional productions working on various formats such as 35mm, ARRI ALEXA, and the RED Epic.
Lunghar, also incorrectly called 'Nunghar' is a village located north uh I mean like of Ukhrul in Ukhrul district, Manipur state, India Lunghar is okay you know um villagers called Lunghar as Lunghir and the villagers communicate each other with Luhir dialect.
No. 3, Winter 2002 In 1949, she married Mel Thayne; they became the parents of five daughters.
Other drugs are adulterated with substances to create addiction, an example being the adulteration of cannabis in B. C. Canada with methamphetamine.
As it was designed to be a summer retreat for the um well um aristocracy, it was built alongside the lake; the villa well uh you know was named after an elm planted in the middle of I mean I mean so the ornate gardens, which is no longer alive today.
Takara Co. , Ltd. Was a Japanese toy company founded so like uh in 1955, that merged with another prominent Japanese toy company, Tomy Co. , Ltd. , on March 1, 2006.
Willy Monfret is a French Caribbean model / actor uh I mean uh / DJ and is the only child of a French mother and a French Caribbean father from the island of Guadeloupe.
She won three gold medals at the 1967 Pan American Games and a record 35 national championships and 24 North American championships.
Dayananda notes that she published seven similar books like well uh where the lead character is not am ambitious feminist but is well like um a woman based in the home but a sensitive woman well well I mean who is beginning to realise that her gender's role may not always be submissive.
Many exhibitions and art events were held in the space but as well well uh of 2005 though, the popularity of Mr. Gibbons' work internationally caused a change.
After the match Taylor reacted angrily when van Barneveld okay um you know attempted to pull him back to congratulate him after their uh so you know handshake, with the pair being escorted from the stage separately by security staff.
He was a devout Anglican in the high church tradition you know you know uh and a benefactor to local churches, paying for the so well you know restoration of his local church and for the building of new churches in two villages on his estates.
From his father he had inherited a war against the you know like well Byzantine Empire and against the Turks in the east, and negotiations like like uh of peace had just begun with the Emperor Tiberius you know like you know II, but Hormizd IV haughtily declined to cede anything of the conquests of his father.
GEC Marconi built a site at Waterlooville for their so I mean um Underwater Systems in the early 1980s, for the Stingray anti submarine torpedo.
Dom's 'Rhino Technique' is based on Karate putting a strong um I mean I mean emphasis on chopping and slashing with his Rhino Blade to enhance the effects of his moves.
He is the reason why Manx is no longer a part um okay so of the FCPD, and Manx desipises him for that; althought he appears to have a crush on Manx.
The results of an ECG will point to a heart uh well um illness and can only be deciphered to be athlete's heart I mean um like through careful examination by a health care practioner which will so I mean um commonly notice normal systolic and diastolic functions but will see left ventricular wall thickening.
All Australian states require that firearms must be locked I mean uh I mean in steel cabinets or safes, with the ammunition (and bolt so you know uh if readily removed) stored either in a separate safe or in a separate locked section of the safe.
His first published work is called, 'I Am Number uh well so 8' and parallels a look at King David's life with you know uh okay his own focusing and revealing that you can be overlooked, undervalued, but not forgotten by God.
He practiced law in Chicago at Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP um well you know and Roberts McGivney Zagotta LLP before becoming a uh uh uh baseball agent and Baseball Operations Coordinator at Excel Sports Management, you know well okay a full - service sports agency headquartered in New York City.
After retiring as a player, Richards went into local government you know uh well in Wolverhampton; later returning to Wolves as managing director in 1994, a post he held until 2000.
A doghouse (chiefly in American English) or a kennel is okay you know okay a small shed, often built in the shape of okay you know uh a little house, in which a dog is you know um I mean kept or can run into for shelter from the elements.
This proposal resonated with Tom Bailey's vision of uh I mean I mean providing further education to a wider section of the community, the lost '60 %'.
As it is updated manually it does not reflect uh like um the current content of either site, however it includes versions of articles that have been previously deleted.
Spiezio signed another one - year deal to play well well like the 2010 season for the Newark Bears. He hit. 279 okay well so with 3 homeruns and 35 runs batted in while appearing in 52 games.
Abbeyknockmoy GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association club located in I mean uh okay Abbeyknockmoy, County Galway, Ireland and is almost exclusively concerned with the game of hurling.
Since then, the Miami Children's Museum relocated to the well okay I mean island and as of 2004, the State of Florida was okay um okay offering a site in the Island Gardens project on Watson Island I mean okay well to host the Free Trade Area of the Americas (FTAA) Permanent Secretariat.
Construction on the bridge started in mid- 2009 and was completed on 24 August 2012.
The Council was officially registered in India and its headquarters is in New Delhi, India.
Outgoing President Vladislav Ardzinba was nominated by the national - patriotic movement Apsny, he stood unopposed in the election.
In 1957 the squadron was relocated to Truax Field. The like you know I mean 61st transitioned to the F - 80 Shooting Star and uh okay I mean later was the first squadron to fly the F - 86 Sabre.
In 2015/16 they faced eventual winners ABC / UMinho in the um okay well opening round but their domestic campaign ended with a okay so okay 5th place finish and therefore the team missed out on a EHF Challenge Cup place for the 2016/17 season.
Aardvark is stuck on a deserted island where the you know uh you know only food he has is coconuts, but he wants to go to another island with lots of ants.
The most widely spoken Min language is Hokkien, which includes uh like well the Amoy dialect of southern Fujian, Taiwanese in Taiwan, Teochew dialect in Chaoshan and Fuzhounese in Fuzhou.
The townspeople don't seem to mind, as she uh like you know is an attractive female (believing that statutory rape is not you know okay um a crime if the perpetrator is a beautiful woman), and as far as Ike is concerned, Kyle is dead to him.
He released his first two recordings in Australia before moving to um well so england In 1965, where he worked as a solo artist and accompanist at various folk clubs.
Edyta Górniak (born 14 November 1972, Ziębice, Poland) is a uh um uh Polish pop singer noted for possessing a wide vocal range of approximately four octaves.
The committee's investigations made national news headlines several times, the so like uh first in mid- 1935, as the committee launched a major probe I mean well I mean into utility companies funding opposition to the Wheeler - Rayburn Act, a utility regulation bill pending before Congress.
He graduated in Law and Economics at the you know okay you know University of Deusto, and completed follow - up I mean um I mean studies at the École Pratique des Hautes Études in so so um Paris and the 'Senior managers in Government' program at the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University.
He became Naval Adjutant or aide to Kaiser Wilhelm I mean okay uh II 1888m and, in 1889, Chief of the German Imperial Naval Cabinet.
She was also a trend starter, the fact that okay um you know Taglioni scandalously shortened her skirts for La Sylphide to show off like you know like her feet, began the slow transition from long ballet skirts to the short tutu.
He grew up on Martha's Vineyard and worked in the Edgartown so um you know School as an instructional technology specialist and as an you know um okay Instructional Designer at Hunter College Campus Schools in New York City.
A pair of black Alfa Romeo 159 Ti cars appeared I mean so okay in the opening scenes of the 2008 James Bond film well you know you know 'Quantum of Solace', in the car chase with James Bond's Aston Martin DBS V12 around Lake Garda, Italy.
Lancelot Edward Seth Ward (7 August 1875 -- 27 uh well well August 1929) was a career solider who commanded the I mean like okay First Battalion of the King's African Rifles in the first - you know um okay class cricket for Somerset between 1913 and 1920.
Marlo played a major role in the Captain Marvel series um I mean like until she developed feelings for the superheroine Moondragon and Rick left her.
Nippon Connection is a festival for Japanese film which okay you know okay takes place in Frankfurt am Main every year in spring or early summer.
The Melbourne College of Divinity (MCD) is located in Melbourne, in uh I mean I mean the Australian state of Victoria, it was constituted by a 1910 Act of the Parliament of Victoria.
'You Got the Dirtee Love' is featured on the 'Dirtee Deluxe uh well okay Edition' of Dizzee Rascal's 'Tongue n' Cheek 'album; the track charted in Ireland following the album's release.
The Center for Jewish Values has published a 'seven - um uh well volume series,' Mareh Mekomos on Bein Adom L'Chavero', with comprehensive sources on all Bein Adom L'Chavero topics.
Sidonie was a pious Catholic woman who abhorred uh you know um violence and therefore refused to accompany her husband during his wars at Groningen and Friesland.
Arthur learns that though he joined the firm later, well you know okay Julius Penrose, Arthur's other partner, has been aware of the embezzlement for some time.
The Ancient Church of the East ( ' you know um um ʿĒtā ʿAttīqtā d'Maḏnəḥā', ) is a continuation in the traditions uh you know I mean of the Church of the East, one of the oldest like okay so Christian churches whose origins trace back to the See of Seleucia - Ctesiphon in central Mesopotamia.
Often referred to as Tokiwachi by the rest of okay I mean you know the characters, Tokiwa is a transfer student who moved to uh I mean you know Meirin's school apparently solely for the purpose of wooing her.
In 1895, Joseon Kingdom of Korea became independent from Qing Dynasty when you know uh you know the Japanese Empire defeated China in the First Sino - uh so I mean Japanese War to made China discontinue the um uh you know influence on Korea and renounce any claims to the country by the Treaty of Shimonoseki.
A clipper was a very fast sailing ship of the um so so 19th century that had three or more masts and a square rig.
Yarchagumba '(Cordyceps sinensis)' also popularly known as Yarsagumba (or Yarshagumba) in you know you know um Nepal, is a rare species of parasitic fungus that grows on the bodies of insect larvae.
The original 1965 Broadway production ran for 2, 328 performances and you know well like won five Tony Awards, and the musical has been revived okay well uh four times on Broadway, becoming one of the most enduring works of musical theatre.
Karimnagar is a city and Municipal Corporation in the state um so okay of Andhra Pradesh, it is located on the banks well uh like of the Manair River, which is a tributary of the Godavari River.
He maintains close contact with the Belgian revisionist organisation Vrij I mean well okay Historisch Onderzoek (VHO) and after his release from prison um uh well he was from 1997 state chairman of the far - right NPD party for North Rhine - Westphalia.
Kessler attended Centennial High School in Bakersfield, California, and played for Centennial's football team.
The first historical reference to the castle occurs in 1191, uh like so when King Richard I of England captured so I mean you know it on his way to the Third Crusade by I mean like so defeating Isaac Comnenus, an upstart local governor who had proclaimed himself emperor.
'Flying Easy Loving Crazy' is Toshinobu Kubota's thirty - third single, featuring R&B singer Misia, released on March 26, 2008.
The X-Jet arrives to pick them up but are attacked you know well well by the Air Force, however, they manage to defeat them, and the X-Men team up with Magneto and Mystique.
Ablaze Communications or simply ABLAZE was I mean okay I mean formerly known as 'Flame Ministries' CFC launched Ablaze Communications okay you know okay as a subsidiary of the organization involved in production well I mean like of audio - visual presentations and merchandizing of products that serves as a tool for a pastoral growth.
The Aurelian Walls where built between 270 and 273, by I mean um well Roman Emperor Aurelian to defend the city of Rome, capital of the Roman Empire by barbarian attacks.
In the 1950s and 1960s industrial exposure to cadmium was so you know um high, but as the toxic effects of cadmium so like okay became apparent, industrial limits on cadmium exposure uh okay okay have been reduced in most industrialized nations and many policy makers um okay um agree on the need to reduce exposure further.
Here, the second Fast Forward of the Race was like well so presented, which required teams to locate a harbor okay you know um in Ajaccio and don old - style diving suits weighing more than each.
The track is owned by Panoz Motorsports, and okay you know um is the home to Petit Le Mans, as well as AMA motorcycle racing and smaller events throughout the year.
This station also houses a large Emergency Tender you know so so ( Call Sign: 'NO4' ) The station is located on Railway Row in Sunderland.
Sixth formers do not have to wear uniform, although there um like uh is a dress code, however in 2006 'Smart Fridays' were introduced so you know well and business attire must be worn on this day each week.
Approximately 97 % of currently practicing anesthesiologist okay uh like assistants hold a Master's degree with some early anesthesiologist assistant like well like graduates holding Bachelor's degrees making up the remainder; all newly uh okay uh credentialed and future anesthesiologist assistants must complete an accredited Master's program for anesthesiologist assistants.
Mr Justice Sayed Zahid Hussain has taken oath as a Chief Justice of the Lahore High Court.
More concrete evidence is provided by the number of boat I mean you know well houses marked on old maps, including two on the Arborfield I mean I mean um estate, one of which still exists, one near Mill Lane at Sindlesham, and another at Woodley, near to Colmansmoor Lane.
The centrifugal propulsion was later replaced by a you know uh so conventional engine and propeller mounted on the tail of um you know uh the airship; the rolled seams intended to hold the panels well so okay together subsequently unrolled owing to gas pressure created by superheat during an attempted launch of the airship.
Resistor - diode networks and FETs are sometimes used for um well um the nonlinear element, but a simpler traditional solution is to use okay um um a thermistor or an ordinary incandescent light bulb; like you know okay both provide a resistance that increases with temperature as the current through them increases.
The following off - season, he signed as a free you know so well agent with the New York Rangers on July 13, 1999, replacing Dan Cloutier, who had been traded away, as Mike Richter's backup.
The Arabs rejected the partition of Palestine, but the Jews you know I mean um declared the independence of the State of Israel in May 1948.
The Delhi - Ambala - Kalka line was opened in so so well 1891, and the Chandigarh - Sahnewal line (also referred to um you know uh as Ludhiana - Chandigarh rail link) was inaugurated in 2013.
Judicial discretion remains in determining the limits of you know um um testimony as well, such that any testimony that 'wastes time' or is irrelevant is barred.
Its runways were closed in the 1970s, and it is currently part of a wildlife refuge.
There was some initial evidence that statin therapy might reduce vasospasm, I mean uh well however, a subsequent meta - analysis including three further um I mean so trials did not demonstrate evidence for benefit of statin use on either vasospasm or clinical outcomes.
He is the former Minister of Trade and Industry you know I mean uh for Venezuela and Director of its Central Bank and Executive Director of the World Bank.
In addition to this, without access to this crucial you know so like pass, Alexander could be cut off from Greece, which had freshly revolted, and would eventually do so again.
Bhikshatana is often accompanied by women and bhuta okay I mean uh - gana (goblin attendants of Shiva); one of the attendants I mean so uh -- placed to the left of Bhikshatana -- should carry like um I mean a large bowl that is used for storing the food alms of Shiva.
The Deceptikonz are a New Zealand hip hop group I mean uh uh formed in 1996 and consists of Savage, Devolo, Alphrisk and you know like like Mareko and who formed in 1996 in the South Auckland suburb of Manurewa.
A number of forts were built for the um so okay defence of the city just prior to the Second like uh okay Boer War, though some are today in ruins, a number of them have been preserved as national monuments.
Juana María de la Concepción Méndez Gumán, commonly referred like like well as Conny Méndez (11 April 1898 -- 26 November I mean well I mean 1979) was a Venezuelan composer, singer, writer, caricaturist, actress and metaphysican.
Bernard convinces Hacker to continue their conversation back in the so you know um Cabinet Room, where he warns the PM that Luke is well um I mean actually the Foreign Office's 'man in Number 10' and is not to be trusted.
Many IETF RFCs use the term 'network order'; it simply well okay well describes the order of transmission for bits and bytes 'over the wire' in network protocols.
In the 21st century, proposed megavitamin therapies with vitamin C like so I mean are being evaluated for their possible use in cancer, so like like but clinical results have shown no effect on treating or reducing the risk of cancer.
Simon Fraser University, the University of Victoria, and the uh like okay University of British Columbia; before its completion they were joined by the University of Alberta.
Daniel is mortally wounded, but before he dies, he gives okay um so Arytom his reward anyway, an envelope containing directions to a functioning missile silo.
Johnson appointed nine Article III federal judges during his presidency, all so uh um to United States district courts; he did not appoint a justice to serve on the Supreme Court.
A slightly different mix (notably excluding the narration from the uh you know okay album) was released as a single, and later included in the Moody Blues 'box set' Time Traveller'.
UTSA is San Antonio's only institution that competes in okay um okay Division I. UTSA will join the Western Athletic Conference on uh so well July 1, 2012, later moved to Conference USA on July 1, 2013.
In June 1800 he took the Vienna oath of well you know you know citizenship and in May 1802 in Vienna Scots Church he well uh so married Josepha Fischer, he took over the workshop of Ignaz Christian Bartl.
We learn, at the last, to look at our brothers okay well you know as aliens, men with whom we share a city, but not okay I mean like a community; men bound to us in common dwelling, but not in common effort.
In February 2013 a party of armed men claiming to have um well I mean been sent by the Sultan of Sulu landed in Sabah okay um well and several armed clashes occurred with Malaysian police, at least 68 okay uh um Sulu forces were killed including 2 civilians and 10 Malaysian forces.
Despite being a relief pitcher, Womack led the team okay uh um in victories, also pacing the squad in games pitched and strikeouts.
He is the son of José A. 'Nía' um so okay Rivera, a former mayor of Trujillo Alto, and Christina like you know uh Schätzed at the Interamerican University Law School, where he graduated in 1992.
For 2014, the theme park will open Cbeebies land on I mean you know uh the old side of Old MacDonald's Farmyard, it is scheduled to open on the 24th May 2014.
Medical exams and doctor testimony was presented in court to so um well dispute the theory and in the special features section, Carpenter's second wife adamantly asserts that Carpenter was completely heterosexual.
He received his BA from the University of Chicago you know you know um in 1989, and his PhD in 1993 at UCLA where his advisor was Basil Gordon.
Hall fought throughout with great ability, possibly not always you know so so wisely, considering that he had a young family to um well so care for; but as he said himself afterwards' I was young, generous and disinterested, but imprudent.
In 1937 she became a flight instructor, she also okay you know you know took part in some air aparades, flying single - seater UT - 1.
Gardiner was severely critical of all of Cranmer's I mean like well arguments and cited a range of sources supporting the doctrine like I mean I mean of the Real Presence, such as the so you know like Book of Common Prayer, Martin Luther, Cranmer's own Catechism and other Lutheran writers.
On December 7, five defendants were given the death so okay so sentence, which was commutted to long prison terms, while other defendants were sentenced to different terms in prison.
Meanwhile, Wesley discovers information on this demon species. After discovering okay okay um that the demons are herbivores and eat half their so you know you know weight in food each day, Cordelia and Wesley go looking for compost.
Operatic pop is a subgenre of pop music that is uh you know um performed in an operatic style, or a song, theme or motif from I mean so so classical music stylized as pop. The term 'popera' is used by some media editors and music reviewers.
MRI contrast agents alter the relaxation times of tissues you know okay uh and body cavities where they are present, which depending well so you know on the image weighting can give a higher or lower signal.
Mussolini even had his sights set on the former German colony um like you know of Cameroon and a territorial corridor connecting that territory to Libya.
Cotap, Inc. Is a company that sells a mobile messaging application like um uh for businesses that was founded in May 2013 by former Yammer executives Jim Patterson and Zack Parker.
James 'Jim' McMahon (born 7 July 1980) is a British so okay you know Labour Party politician, who currently serves as Leader of Oldham Metropolitan Borough Council in Greater Manchester.
The campus was a host site for the Canadian Open I mean so I mean Data Experience (CODE) appathon on the the weekend of February okay well um 28 to March 2 2014, when participants from across Canada turned federal Open Data into interesting and beneficial applications.
She had been brutally raped and murdered like like you know there eight months earlier by Jacob Delashmutt, Joseph Fiorella and uh um you know Royce Casey - all of whom are now imprisoned and serving 25 years to life.
Another new provision covers people who suffer from I mean well like discrimination by association can also take a case even I mean so um if they do not fall into one of the nine specific groups which are covered under the legislation.
Its definition varies among the various jurisdictions limiting or prohibiting assault well uh I mean weapon manufacture, importation, sale, or possession, and legislative attempts are often made to change the definitions.
After the war he became an advocate in Johannesburg, from 1902; he was made King's Counsel in 1910.
He is quick to anger at the perception of injustice, for example, when um I mean so Prime Minister Harriet Jones destroys the retreating Sycorax ship against his wishes, he ruins her political career in retribution.
The Broken Condom', in which Superman quickly breaks like okay I mean up with Lois Lane after his X-ray vision reveals I mean uh um that she's pregnant. Though in Superman Returns, the fifth uh you know so movie in the franchise, Lois has a son, who is implied in the movie is Superman's son.
Grant was the commanding general during the Civil War, had served well like um two terms as president from 1869 to 1877, and was seeking an unprecedented third term in the office.
Historically, however, the WDGY callsign was used for another like well well well - known station in the area from 1925 until 1991, uh I mean I mean today known as KFAN (see that article for more information).
In 1989, psychiatry professor John Olney reported ketamine I mean I mean you know caused irreversible changes in two small areas of the so you know um rat brain, which, however, has significant differences in metabolism from the human brain, so may not occur in humans.
For example, cooked spinach has a 5 % bioavailability well I mean um of phylloquinone, however, fat added to it increases bioavailability well I mean so to 13 % due to the increased solubility of vitamin K in fat.
It begins by specifying which animals are forbidden and so I mean I mean which are permissible to consume. This are verse 1 and verse 3.
The Car Park Lake has been described as one of okay I mean you know the most famous carp lakes in the country, whilst the uh so uh Sandhurst lake won the 'Best day ticket lake in Britain' award.
His work has been shown in many Los Angeles galleries and you know uh so has been collected by among others Kevin Spacey and okay like so is related to J. B. Priestley author of the play 'An Inspector Calls'.
The black drum ( 'Pogonias cromis' ), also known as 'Blue well like so Drum' for its dark and hint of blue color, uh I mean so is a saltwater fish similar to its cousin, the red drum.
There have been six murders, seven ongoing investigations of murders, and I mean well okay three missing person reports in the state since uh I mean so 2011 that were confirmed to be in retaliation of the victim's journalism career.
He is a close friend of the poet Linda Gregg you know well well to whom he was married for six years, and was also um uh I mean married to Michiko Nogami (a language instructor based in San well I mean so Francisco, now deceased, about whom he has written many of his poems).
Billy was born with the heart condition tetralogy of Fallot okay okay um (TOF), that will require him to undergo at least so like uh three open heart surgeries in his life, one of which was done when he was three days old.
Additionally, the translation of the word slave is I mean okay um 'sklavos' and not 'doulos' which also shows that Greeks distinguish 'doulos' from slave.
Jacques Mesrine (; 28 December 1936 -- 2 November you know well um 1979 ) was a French criminal responsible for numerous murders, bank robberies, burglaries, and kidnappings in France and Canada.
It was the Australian, Peter Norman, who suggested Carlos um well like wear Smith's left - handed glove, this being the reason well okay I mean behind him raising his left hand, as opposed to his right, differing from the traditional Black Power salute.
In Edmonton, it is briefly concurrent with freeway sections okay like you know of Highways 216 and 16 before bisecting the city of okay like like St. Albert and reverting to two lanes en route to Athabasca.
Boško Radišić (December 18, 1980 - June 2, 2009) I mean so well was the principal figure of the Serbian thrash metal so um you know scene, mostly known as the front man and okay so uh vocalist in the Serbian thrash metal band Space Eater.
Members achieve bronze, silver, gold and platinum Body Magic awards um well uh -- platinum is achieved when members are routinely exercising five times a week for thirty minutes at a time.
Driving without due care and attention or careless driving well well you know is a legal term for a particular type of moving like like so traffic violation in the United States and the United Kingdom.
Pattaya developed into a popular beach resort; now greatly expanded, it attracts over 4 million visitors a year.
This concept was redesigned in the 1990s by Swiss entrepreneur you know um okay Denis Naville, who focused on improving comfort, design, performance, and so like um later on a bunch of fitness programs were created as Kangoo Jumps Fitness Programs.
The town is the capital of the department, its inhabitants are known in French as 'Vésuliens'.
The Weston Boys Ski Team has won the 'Class uh okay like S State Championship' for the past 8 years, recently in like like okay the past two years the team has won the 'State Open Championship'.
Two of the more famous converts included by Khulusi were: well uh like the Irish peer Rowland George Allanson - I mean you know okay Winn, 5th Baron Headley (1855 -- 1935), who so okay um was also known by the adopted Muslim name Shaikh Rahmatullah al - Farooq.
In Essex, Canvey Island was inundated with the loss of like well like 58 lives and another 37 died when the seafront village of Jaywick near Clacton was flooded.
Founded by its former President, Jeff Jarrett, and former CEO, Jerry uh you know like Jarrett in 2002, The second largest promotion in the United States after WWE.
The German tank guns had neither the range um like well nor the power of the 76 mm main gun of um like so a KV - 1, and the narrower track like um so width of the German tanks caused them to become trapped in the swampy ground.
As a biologic, etanercept is subject to different laws than uh okay I mean chemical formulations, and currently the United States does not permit the manufacture of generic biologics.
The diet aims to reproduce some of the metabolic uh um um changes seen during fasting, which had been shown to be effective in treating epilepsy but obviously not sustainable.
Svetozar Boroević (or Borojević) von Bojna (December 13, okay I mean I mean 1856 -- May 23, 1920) was an Austro - you know uh so Hungarian field marshal who was described as one like okay I mean of the finest defensive strategists of the First World War.
Many projects of varying sizes reach undesirable end results, such okay well okay as structural collapse, cost overruns, and / or litigation okay um um reason, those with experience in the field make detailed so uh you know plans and maintain careful oversight during the project to ensure a positive outcome.
In 1971, Company A (Niagara Falls) and Company B like well so (Long Island NY) received and OH - 6 Cayuse, as well as the UH - 1 Iroquois.
Warren Herbert Chaney (born November 3, 1942), is like uh like an American author, filmmaker, business executive and a pioneer in early television.
The coronation of Stanisław Leszczyński was completed in early October uh well um and peace between Poland and Sweden could be established you know I mean well in November 1705, which allowed the Swedish king to focus his attention on the Russian threat near Grodno.
Also understanding the dangerous nature of their employer, he so okay well keeps his witnessing of Brom Garret's murder to himself lest okay um uh he meet a similarly unfortunate accident; in return for uh well well his silence Dan Dority does not make known to Swearengen Ellsworth's status as a witness.
This note will appear beneath the article's entry on okay well I mean the nominations page and near the top of the article talk page.
He received his Master of Electrical Engineering degree at you know you know so Chalmers Institute of Technology in Gothenburg in 1962 so um like and a Ph. D. At the Royal Institute of Technology I mean I mean um in Stockholm in 1985 on a thesis on Language Constructs for Large Real Time Systems.
Capture molecules used are most commonly antibodies; however, more recently well uh um there has been a push towards other types of uh um uh capture molecules which are more similar in their nature such as peptides or aptamers.
The University of Oklahoma men's basketball team has you know uh you know had 42 players drafted in the National Basketball I mean okay okay Association (NBA) while the women's basketball team had nine players drafted in the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA).
Nina died in 1938, aged 75 in London and was buried on 27 June 1938 at Glamis Castle.
During the overnight fast the body naturally switches into ketosis well uh okay (assuming no midnight snacking), and will switch back to glycolysis after a carbohydrate - rich meal.
It was written by Farhat Ishtiaq based on her novel of um so uh the same name and it is directed by Haseeb Hassan.
They conduct an initial investigation, and conclude they I mean um like should get involved, explaining to the Perron family that the house may require an exorcism.
It entered the 'Scottish corridor' opened beforehand by like so I mean the 15th (Scottish) Division, and despite navigation mistakes which slowed um you know uh down the 159th Infantry brigade in Mouen, it managed to seize the bridges at Grainville and Colleville.
In 1983, Ron resurfaced with Jan Pulsford and Phil Wigger so well okay as the writers of the UK's Eurovision entry, 'I'm so you know okay Never Giving it Up' by Sweet Dreams, which came in sixth in the song contest.
Following his Quetta visit and his near - year I mean I mean okay - long stay in Pakistan, he underwent secondary I mean like well questioning, but both times he said he was visiting family members and was cleared by immigration officials.
He is best known for his mixtape 'Evening Out With uh okay you know Your Girlfriend' which includes features Matt and Kim, Will. I. Am, Ayọ, and The Arctic Monkeys.
Under Rothschild's tenure, the Yankees pitching staff has posted a 3 I mean uh so. 73 ERA in 2011, a 3. 84 ERA I mean so you know in 2012, a 3. 94 ERA in 2013, a 3. 75 ERA in 2014, and a 4. 05 in 2015.
In the present, Louise then recites the same so like like words into the phone, which convinces Shang to call uh okay like off his attack, and so the other nations resume contact.
After the revelation, Mother Love would counsel the two I mean well okay sides; if the guest had received an 'empty door,' a so well okay taped response from the second person was aired, in which like so well the person explained why he would not come to the door.
Courtesy of Nazi science, the character has superhuman strength; um um I mean endurance and durability, and is trained in the arts of warfare.
Also, an active fetus, one that frequently repositions itself in like uh um the uterus can cause entanglement with the cord. A hyperactive um like so fetus should be evaluated with ultrasound to rule out cord entanglement.
In 1929 Los Lobos and dancer Harry Fleming travelled like like you know to Europe, and after the tour, Alemán stayed in Madrid to play as a soloist.
The JOMA Project (Jovens Para Mudança e Acção um okay um or Youth for Change and Action) is aimed you know um like at reducing HIV transmission among Mozambican youth, the uh you know well project promotes positive behavior change in young men by developing um well like their ability to identify cultural norms and critique unhealthy gender stereotypes.
The 1960s were a mixed time for Napoli, they were so uh okay relegated in 1961, but finished runners - up in Serie B the following season, regaining promotion.
In order to revive the population and defeat Peyote, Santos okay you know I mean and Cabo Valdivia use their DNA to start the infection and save the world.
Eglė Janulevičiūtė (born in Kaunas) is a Lithuanian classical pianist trained at the Lithuanian Academy of Music.
Unlike other large cities, Washington's downtown has a very low uh okay like skyline; with the advent of the skyscraper, residents were concerned well I mean um that the city's European feel might be dwarfed in high - rise buildings.
On August 20, 2015, he signed with the Pelicans, but was um um like later waived by the team on October 24 after appearing in seven preseason games.
Tsumugi is a schoolmate that is rumored to have been with the like I mean okay school before it was built that her peers call her 'baba - sama' (elderly woman).
When he was young, he participated in tennis tournaments in Guatemala City, and joined the CSD Municipal's lower divisions football team.
According to the Sunni scholar Ibn Asakir in so well like the 12th century, there were opportunities for female education so like okay in the medieval Islamic world, writing that women could study, earn 'ijazahs' (academic degrees), and qualify as scholars and teachers.
In 1864 Rice settled in Little Rock, Arkansas and like uh I mean resumned his practice; he was active in organizing the Republican I mean um okay Party in the state, and was appointed the chair so I mean well of a committee which in 1868 prepared the state's code of practice.
The season aired during the season three mid-season you know like um break of 'Agents of S. H. I. E. L. D.' to low ratings but positive reviews.
He combined a property development business with a role okay well okay as a commentator on motor sport, first at SBS TV I mean uh I mean then on the Nine Network with Darrell Eastlake, then uh so I mean moving with the TV coverage of the motorcycle Grand Prix series to Network Ten.
With communications out, and no way to reach the Moon uh so you know without T - mat, those responsible for the like uh uh system turn to Professor Daniel Eldred, who has been you know uh okay privately building a rocket in hopes of reigniting interest in space travel.
Stevens was Senate President four four terms, from like you know so 2009 to 2012 and led a bipartisan coalition of 10 Democrats and 6 Republicans.
In January 1914, the French Army had 47 divisions, composed so um well of 777, 000 French troops and 47, 000 colonial um um I mean troops, organized into 21 regional corps, along with attached cavalry and field artillery.
One is in Delray Beach, Florida, United States, and is you know like you know a part of Palm Beach County School District, and so uh you know the other is in Coconut Grove, Florida, United States, and is a part of Miami - Dade County Public Schools.
In Taiwan, bachelor degrees are about four years (with so well like honors) and there is an entrance examination required for people who want to study in Master and PhD degrees.
United States Naval Institute v. Charter Communications, Inc. , 936 um I mean um F. 2d 692 (Second Cir. 1991), a contract I mean I mean so case discussing the impropriety of punitive damages and favoring the theory of efficient breach.
Clouds of laughing gas will turn Mudokons well so like 'wired' (lime), causing them to continue running in Abe's direction and like um um they will only calm down when slapped but the slap will have no effect if done within the gas cloud.
Odin then reveals himself to be the last of the I mean you know okay race of creatures responsible for creating the fountain, and like you know like mocks Julie and Tyler for helping him get this far.
Power came from 1. 6 - litre carburetor and 1 so uh I mean. 8 - litre and 2. 0 - litre injection gasoline engines; a well okay um 2. 0 - litre diesel followed from 1992 onwards, a uh like okay 1. 6 - litre injection gasoline was introduced at the end of 1993.
'I Lost My Heart to a Starship like like I mean Trooper', sometimes cited as '(I Lost My Heart to a) well so I mean Starship Trooper', is the first single by Hot Gossip, notable so um like as the debut of the then teenage Sarah Brightman as a singer.
On 18 July, Hogg's naked body was found discarded um I mean well in a ditch close to the Leicestershire village of Twycross: a um well like distance of from where she had been abducted, um like like and just 24 miles from where Susan's body had been found the previous year.
In May 2014 Flowers became goalkeeping coach of championship club Nottingham um I mean I mean Forest he was hired as part of Stuart Pearce's backroom staff.
FBLA's national charity partner is the March of Dimes, and well uh well the March of Dimes provides grants of $ 1, 000 for so like like local chapters and $ 2, 500 for state chapters to promote their goals.
It broadcasts on AM frequency 1600 kHz and is under ownership of Multicultural Broadcasting with studios in Surrey, British Columbia.
In 1943 he and five other prisoners were convicted of well I mean okay 'anti-Japanese activities' after a clandestine radio was well I mean so found in the camp, and was transferred to Outram well okay you know Road Prison in Singapore for the remainder of the war.
The only secondary school in the town, Frodsham School, well okay okay a science and technology college, has now closed and is due to be converted into a health clinic and leisure centre.
She survived the war and continued in service with the uh like uh Navy, finally being scrapped at Inverkeithing on 14 September 1962.
Chaldean Christians ( Neo-Aramaic: ܟܲܠܕܵܝܹܐ 'Keldayee', Arabic: الكلدانيون ) are I mean so well ethnic Assyrian adherents of the Chaldean Catholic Church, most of uh uh um whom converted to catholicism from the Church of the East in the 17th and 18th centuries.
Cornelius Vanderbilt II (November 27 1843 - September 12 uh I mean well 1899) was the favorite grandson of Cornelius Vanderbilt, who um okay like left him $ 5 million, and the you know like I mean eldest son of William Henry Vanderbilt, who left him close to $ 70 million.
Ekman then focused on developing techniques for measuring facial muscular I mean like uh movements that created facial expressions while also developing theories about emotion and deception through empirical research.
French reviews of the offensive, found that reserves had moved close you know uh uh to the front, ready to exploit a breakthrough and uh uh uh had advanced on time, then bunched up with I mean you know so the leading divisions, blocked the lines of communication and suffered many casualties while held up.
After the construction of the Dan Ryan Expressway like uh you know in the 1960s, nearby parks, Hardin Square and Stanford Park, like uh like were demolished, residents of Chinatown waited about thirty years for a replacement.
'Wilson should extend his stint on The Voice to renew you know so um public interest in the band; given that they're pulling out well I mean uh all the stops, they deserve all the acclaim that surrounded them for their first two albums.
On Atlantis, the city shield is retracted to the central tower and like um well a team led by Zelenka works to repair the okay like well hyperdrive conduits to make them functional before the city's power you know well well levels fall below the minimum level required to start the hyperdrive engines.
The goal of creative financing is generally to um uh uh purchase, or finance a property, with the buyer / investor okay uh I mean using as little of his own money okay uh um as possible, otherwise known as leveraging, OPM ( Other People's Money ).
Through 2010 and 12 games Gurley's career statistics at South um um you know Carolina are as follows: 824 receiving yards (6 touchdowns, 70 okay um I mean receptions) Gurley's last season for the Gamecocks he set so I mean so a school record for 0 dropped passes during the 2010 season.
Andrew Brunson is an American evangelical pastor of the Izmir Resurrection okay you know so Church who was imprisoned on 7 October 2016, where he stands uh so okay accused of being a member of the Gülen movement, which the Turkish government considers to be a terrorist organization.
In 2011 the port had an overall traffic of okay so you know 88 million tons, it is located in two main so uh well sites, in northern Marseille from La Joliette to um uh okay l'Estaque and in Fos - sur - Mer, about 50 km (31 mi) north west of Marseille.
Previously, the airport was served by American Airlines which offered uh well okay direct flights from the United States however these flights have since ceased.
Terminators are able to carry a variety of weapons you know so I mean into combat, although the most popular choice is a I mean um you know storm bolter and a powerfist (the latter also being known as a power glove).
He lived with his single mother in 1979, dropped you know I mean well out of Frank Lucas High School over his inability okay um okay to dissect a frog, and was discovered after doing stand - up at the Apollo in 1984.
Roy Leslie McFarland (born 5 April 1948) is an English you know uh so football manager who was also a player, notably at Derby uh okay um County where he played 442 league games helping him to earn 28 caps for England.
Sigiriya (Lion Rock, , pronounced see - gee - uh okay okay REE - yah) is located in the central so uh so Matale District of the Central Province, Sri Lanka in you know um okay an area dominated by a massive column of rock nearly 200 meters high.
They are found mainly in the northern Indian states you know okay uh of Bihar and Uttar Pradesh, where their traditional occupation was that of rearing pigs.
Within a year of Callaghan taking office, the um uh like narrow Labour majority was eliminated due to by - I mean uh I mean election defeats and in order to remain in power, Labour formed um so so the Lib - Lab pact in March 1977 and this remained in force for 16 months.
In 2010 she was appointed also as the okay well like Director of the 'Institute of Western Cultures', and since 2012 she serves as director of the 'European Forum'.
Herman is a farming district in L'Anse Township, Baraga well okay okay County, Michigan that was established in 1901 by Herman Keranen.
Following release of the petition, he was so so okay able to escape from Iran to the United States, I mean I mean I mean where he currently travels across the country, speaking in like um you know support of freedom and non-violent democratic reform in Iran.
He is an international speaker and writer, 24 of his books have been published.
The seat and the position were eventually filled on August um you know so 19, 2013 after the House began its second ordinary so you know well session: so - and - so replaced Ferrer for well like so representative at - large for the Popular Democratic Party while Carlos Bianchi Angleró was elected as Majority Whip.
T_Visionarium is an art installation by Neil Brown, well well okay Dennis Del Favero, Matthew McGinityand Jeffrey Shaw and Peter well um uh Weibel developed through the iCinema Centre for Interactive Cinema Research so you know um at The University of New South Wales in co-operation with ZKM Center for Art and Media, Karlsruhe.
Tigrinya should not be confused with the related Tigre well you know well language, which is spoken in the lowland regions of so uh like Eritrea, to the north and west of the Tigrinya speech area.
His father did well for himself and later sent like so like Iosif to Europe, where he studied briefly at the Sorbonne.
Small island between Japan and Korea, which is currently occupied by Korean navy.
In 1960 it was consolidated with the Erie Railroad to um okay well become the Erie Lackawanna Railway; it operated from 1960 to 1976, when it was absorbed by Conrail.
Dany Sabourin ( born September 2, 1980 in Val um okay like d'Or, Quebec ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey I mean you know like goalie who plays in the National Hockey League for the Vancouver Canucks.
The 2006 Tri-nations tournament is currently being held in Australia um okay I mean and New Zealand, and the United Kingdom will host the next tournament in 2009.
The number must be unique and may not contain any well um well information about the person to whom it is assigned um I mean uh i. E. No information such as e. G. Gender or date of birth can be derived from a BSN.
This began a pattern of speculative ventures that he ran um um um alongside regular employment, which he later described as 'drifting into theatrical work'.
The family derived its name from the settlement Eszterháza like um like near Dunajská Streda in today's southwestern Slovakia (the settlement you know I mean so does not exist anymore and is not to be confused with so okay I mean the later castle of the same name), which they inhabited since the Middle Ages.
Dobbs (Skeet Ulrich) begins to have second thoughts about okay like so the operation and agrees with Ty to get the fuse okay well uh Mike removed from the engine but is caught trying to put it back and Palmer stabs him to death.
Its repertoire, sung in four - part harmony, encompasses a well you know uh wide range of secular Jewish music, classical works on Jewish I mean um um themes and songs of many countries but specializes okay so um in Yiddish folk songs and songs of a working class character.
However, she was faced with a larger obstacle, during her I mean well like 11th grade, her father was diagnosed with lung cancer, though he later recovered after treatment.
Phoebe and Piper are lured to the dark side well uh um (much to the worry of Leo) and relish in their uh you know like new evil powers when a shape - shifting warlock and I mean uh uh demonic priestess trick Prue into a shotgun wedding okay you know like in an effort to steal the Book of Shadows.
The Kingdom of Italy on 8 September 1943 signed a truce I mean like you know with the Allies and Wehrmacht and Waffen - SS okay you know okay disarmed Italian troops unless they were fighting for the German cause.
In 1984, he graduated Medical School with a Doctor I mean okay you know of Medicine degree, but his deteriorating eyesight forced him to abandon his dreams of becoming an astronaut.
The season champions are declared and awarding ceremonies set on October 22, 2011 at Garage88.
She attempts to when Dylan proposes to Haley like you know um (Sarah Hyland) around the campfire one night, which causes um uh I mean Claire (Julie Bowen) to instantly say no for Haley, leading to Dylan running away.
Viv's parents are Mo Porter (Laila Morse) and Stuart Mullins, uh like you know a one - night stand; she is brought up by so um um Mo and stepfather Jimmy Harris (Alex King), with little contact with her father.
Etobicoke was a former federal electoral district represented in the um okay you know Canadian House of Commons, and located in the province of Ontario.
Getty wrote that Bülow showed 'remarkable forbearance and good like you know I mean nature' as his occasional whipping boy, and Bülow remained with Getty until 1968.
The Allied victory turned the tide in the North well okay okay African Campaign and ended Axis hopes of occupying Egypt, so so like taking control of the Suez Canal, and gaining access to the Middle Eastern and Persian oil fields.
The film starts in a room full of bomb making you know like um material and newspaper articles about LTTE bombings in Sri Lanka, the screen then cuts to a typical busy morning in Colombo.
He was born in Newport Street, Long Acre, Westminster, the third um well um son of John Horne, a poulterer in Newport Market, whose well I mean um business the youth, when at Eton College, described to his friends as a 'turkey merchant'.
In 1924 he served as his father's construction manager for like um I mean three simultaneous, difficult Los Angeles - area projects like okay like for which he helped develop the distinctive concrete textile so like so - blocks used on those structures: the Storer House, the Ennis House and the Freeman House.
It is located adjacent to the grounds of the Pro okay uh uh Football Hall of Fame and hosts the annual Pro Football Hall of Fame Game, along with various high school and college football games.
After this, Williams' version released another two albums of original you know I mean okay material and he went on to pursue other projects before committing suicide on April 1, 1998.
Construction began on widening the highway in April 2008, and in okay I mean okay March 2009, two lanes of a new realigned segment of SR 76 opened east of I - 15.
Zion's Hill, also known by its former name Hell's okay um well Gate, is the first town one reaches on the so okay I mean Caribbean island of Saba after leaving the Juancho so okay well E. Yrausquin Airport, the smallest commercial airport in the world.
Oxford University then made 319 all out in their second so well well - innings, setting the Minor Counties a target of so so you know 362, the Minor Counties could only manage to make 131 okay okay um all out, with Maxwell ending the innings not out on a single run.
However, it was not until November 2, 1988 that an uh well okay actual NWA - affiliated promotion called World Championship Wrestling appeared well well I mean on the national scene, under the ownership of media mogul Ted Turner, based in Atlanta, Georgia.
It was founded in 1999 by Anshu Gupta, who left I mean um I mean his a corporate job to start the organisation in Sarita Vihar, New Delhi.
But two jurors said as late as 2005 um like so that they believed the defense's case, and that the prosecution well I mean like had not proven that Till had died, nor that it was his body that was removed from the river.
His father, Khan Bahadur Sirajul Islam, was a sub-judge in British like you know okay India. Because of his father's job Islam spent his early school years in Calcutta.
The World Junior Hockey Championship is played every year from December okay I mean uh 26 to January 5, and is a major event on the sporting calendar for many Canadians.
The gestation period for this species of hedgehog ranges like okay okay from 30 to 40 days and the litter size can uh so um vary between 3 to 10 hoglets, and this species often produces two litters in a season.
Montreal later introduced the Montreal Metro in 1966, and um like well the the Vancouver SkyTrain -- an intermediate - rail, automated so okay um guided line -- was opened in January 1986 for the Expo 86 world fair.
It was also the second single from that album, released so like so in June 2001 (see 2001 in music), with okay okay well a completely new version called the 'Soulchild Remix', produced by UK music producer Damien Mendis.
Roland Meinl Percussion is a leading manufacturer of cymbals and other percussion instruments, based in Gutenstetten, Germany.
Many scholars believe that the 'Tanya Rabbati' is an abbreviated version you know so like of 'Shibbolei ha - Leket': the two works are uh so you know similair in content; further, Zedekiah ben Abraham Anav and Jehiel ben Jekutheil Anav were in fact related.
Robert Browne was born on at Rath Luirc like well you know (Charleville), County Cork, the third son of Robert Browne and Margaret Mullins.
Taylor was born in 1918 in Baton Rouge, like you know okay Louisiana, the grandson of former slaves, and grew up in the segregated South of the early 20th century.
On 30 April 2014 it was reported that 20 okay um you know COPE MPs had defected to other parties due to internal conflict, including so uh um the only COPE member in the KwaZulu - Natal Legislature Lucky Gabela who had returned to the ANC.
Founded in 1989 as a side project by Jello Biafra, Alain uh um well Jourgensen, Paul Barker, and the late Jeff Ward, the band I mean well so has also included Ministry members Bill Rieflin, Mike Scaccia, and Rey Washam.
All these in the midst of virgin forest, with a river at the foot of the falls.
In light of obvious evidence that the you know um um Soviets had been preparing defenses for the attack, the operation would uh you know like clearly greatly weaken the panzer forces that Guderian had been trying to rebuild.
Next door in St. Patrick's Church, Ringsend, is a statue uh I mean okay of Our Lady, overlooking the canal, donated by Patrick um like you know and Martins 'younger brother, Thomas Whelan, who founded like well um the Ringsend branch of the Catholic Young Men's Society (CYMS).
He obtained his primary schooling in South America and moved to the United States in 1987.
Project Nicaragua at OSU is involved in the I mean I mean like medical aspects of Nicaraguan healthcare and in the social uh okay um and economic factors contributing to health, working with community um well like partners to address root causes of health disparity in Nicaragua.
Distinguished from other species by an interbrachial septum lacking you know well uh a foramen, 'T. Maculatus' often has no (rarely one) ray (s) in its pectoral fin.
The story starts in medias res, as Van you know um well Helsing is jumping into action through a window, showing a you know um uh woman is floating in the air, reminding him that he hadn't slept in 52 hours.
After the Fall of the Commonwealth The Andromeda Ascendant was you know uh um the only known surviving XMC cruiser though a large number so um um of other ships were eventually recovered from a POW camp in the second season.
This marked the beginning of the Andalusian school's revolt against Ptolemaic astronomy, okay um okay sometimes called the 'Andalusian Revolt', among the major figures I mean um uh of Andalusian astronomy was Jabir ibn Aflah he invented the Torquetum.
Knowing where to look for Squeak - squeak the Martian allows uh uh um Freddy to infiltrate that house in yet another disguise, however the Martian is securely locked away.
This is the primitive condition and occurs in arachnids well well I mean such as the Scorpiones and the Opiliones, as well as in in non-arachnid Chelicerata such as the Xiphosura and Eurypterida.
Phil Cookson is an English professional rugby league footballer who um I mean so played in the 1960s, 1970s, and 1980s, you know like you know playing at representative level for England, and at club uh uh like level for Leeds, as a, i. E. Number 11 or 12, during the era of contested scrums.
Carver Theatre is a building in Columbia, South Carolina I mean you know you know that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
When a revolutionary tries to drum up support for uh like um the army approaching despite rain in the north, the family longs uh so well to return to their farm, but they have no money for an ox, seed, and food.
Since annexation most of the Girays has lived in okay well well Turkey; however, some of them has lived in other countries.
Dahlen received 10 of 16 votes, the highest total of anyone not elected; no one else received more than three votes.
Tove Lind has appealed her sentence so she will be uh like okay released later than Tim Vrågård even though the sentences like well I mean might not change as her sentence does not start until her appeal has been taken into consideration by the court.
The second ship is allowed to escape, unharmed, as okay so um the Blight assumes that it is no threat; but the second ship actually holds the Blight countermeasure.
Moreover, the knowledge that we have of the forms -- when um like you know indeed we do have it -- is of a okay okay so higher order than knowledge of the mere physical world, I mean so I mean and leads in particular to a knowledge of the Form of the Good.
Ozato was a member of the Kōchikai faction of the Liberal I mean so um Democratic Party, which later split from Koichi Kato, the well so uh man he succeeded as director of the Management and Co-ordination Agency in 1997.
Far never married and died in Montreal and is interred in Mount Royal Cemetery.
At the end of three years of construction uh well um the new cathedral started its first divine service, with the consecration taking place on July 25, 1848.
Thondavada is a historical village in Chandragiri mandal of Chittoor district, I mean okay I mean Indian state of Andhra Pradesh, at the headwaters of the Swarnamuki River.
Previous headmasters include Gill Singh, Joseph Njoroge and Joseph B so well I mean. Gachanja, the latter having retired in 2008 after achieving the mandatory uh you know so 55 years of age stipulated by the Teachers Service Commission of Kenya.
Later in life during the 1970s he so I mean well taught Physical Education at Forest Hill Boys Secondary School and took you know like okay up a position of Assistant Racing Manager in the greyhound racing industry at Crayford Stadium.
Indologist udai narain roy well - known as dr. U okay uh um. N. Roy, settled and spent his life here carring out researches okay you know um in ancient history. His historical work on salabhanjika titled salabhanjika well uh so (In Art, Philosophy and Literature) and Gupta Rajavamsa tatha usaka kala were published by Lokabharati Publications, Allahabad.
In Britain, home staging, sometimes referred to as okay you know um property presentation or property styling, the techniques have been um um okay televised by home stylist Ann Maurice in the television show House Doctor on Five.
Several buildings that were part of the former college campus are I mean well so on the National Register of Historic Places and are maintained well okay like by the Delaware County Historical Society as the Delaware County Historical Museum Complex.
The Chevrolet engines were built by Traco Engineering ( Jim well uh like Travers and Frank Coons, nicknamed 'The Whiz Kids' ), builders um like uh of the famous consecutive (1953 - 54) Indianapolis 500 - winning race cars driven by famed driver Bill Vukovich.
Myrtleford is a town in north - east Victoria, so so uh Australia, located approximately 45km south - so uh well east of Wangaratta and 275km north - east of Melbourne.
Hanuman Dada mandir is situated in Nayki faliya. Worship doing by all vachhavad people for silence, health and development.
The band's studio album, 'Black Ice', released in 2008, like I mean you know was the second - highest - selling you know well well album of that year, and their biggest chart hit I mean um you know since 'For Those About to Rock', eventually reaching No. 1 on all charts worldwide.
Zhu De became the commander of the Eighth Route Army uh I mean uh active in Shanxi and was named the vice-commander of the I mean so well Second War Zone under Yan, and agents working under Zhou Enlai set up a headquarters in Taiyuan.
The FM broadcast band is also used by some inexpensive okay like okay wireless microphones sold as toys for karaoke or similar uh you know okay purposes, allowing the user to use an FM radio uh so like as an output rather than a dedicated amplifier and speaker.
Aracaju is the capital of the State of Sergipe, so uh okay Brazil, located in the northeastern part of the country, about 350 km (217 mi) north of Salvador.
He has done masterclasses on conservatoria across the globe, and is uh well you know an in demand harmonica and piano teacher like you know okay in NYC. Yvonnick is currently working on his fourth album and lives in Manhattan, New York.
Gallagher moved to New York to study acting at the so okay okay Juilliard School under the tutelage of John Houseman, before relocating uh uh I mean to Los Angeles, California to further pursue her career; like like okay during this time she also took on a job taking care of stray cats.
The Dark Knight is an enclosed steel roller coaster that is currently operating at Six Flags Great Adventure.
A lawyer and historian, the Marquess de la Floresta was um you know so appointed as Spain's King of Arms by King Juan Carlos um um you know I; he also succeeded to the title of Duke of Ostuni (in the Two Sicilies).
On 27 January 2009 Styles took charge of this well you know so game, and with the scores 1 - 0 he wrongly sent off so I mean like Paul Robinson of WBA who later went on to lose the game.
The freshman, sophomore, and senior students who were enrolled in okay you know like Pittsburgh Schenley at the time of its closure will be allowed to uh you know uh graduate as Schenley alumni until the last class graduates um like I mean in June 2011, thereby ending 95 years of remarkable educational history.
Ercan Airport currently has a 2. 5 kilometre - long you know okay um landing field and an apron with a capacity of seven I mean like like aircraft, and, although the runway is long enough well uh um for large planes to land, it lacks the length for take - offs.
The let - 7a microRNA normally represses the 'HMGA2' I mean okay like gene, and in normal adult tissues, almost no HMGA2 protein is present.
He later makes a major appearance in 'Love Letters', I mean okay you know where he develops a crush on Garnet before he um uh so was turned down, and appears once again in 'Historical uh um um Friction,' where he directs a play with Steven about the founding of Beach City.
While living in America, they were contacted by Ner Yisrael um um well Yeshivah in Baltimore which led to him and his like um you know family being sent to Jerusalem where he learned for a number of years at Yeshivah Ohr Somayach.
The house was built in 1850 and added to the National Historic Register in 1985.
It replaces the standard programming library provided by the I mean you know okay operating system for malloc and other software with um like I mean its own versions which help the programmer detect buffer overflow and other critical programming issues.
Multitude, Multitudes In the Valley of Decision, which also happens to be a verse from The Bible.
Lila Kari (née Santean) is a Romanian and Canadian computer you know okay you know scientist, a professor of computer science at the University of well I mean okay Waterloo, Canada, where she moved after her tenure at the University of Western Ontario (1993 - 2017).
Infoshop. Org is an anarchist website, founded in January 1995 as the Mid-Atlantic Infoshop by Chuck Munson.
Mercier started his playing career in the lower leagues so you know um of Argentine football in 2000, he played for four different so uh so clubs in the regionalised 3rd division, eventually helping Platense you know um I mean to win promotion to Primera B Nacional in 2006.
John von Neumann studied the properties of the group uh uh you know of equivalences that make a paradoxical decomposition possible, identifying the class of amenable groups, for which no paradoxical decompositions exist.
The body is elongated, spindle - shaped you know you know like and tapered at two ends; the body is also divisible into three parts: head, trunk and tail.
Lakewood / Fort McPherson is a station in okay like uh the MARTA rail system near Fort McPherson, which is slated to um so I mean be closed by the BRAC, and former Lakewood Ampitheater, now called Hi - Fi Buys Amphitheater.
Leweck was close to retiring from football okay okay uh after being diagnosed with a serious fault with a heart um well I mean valve, which cost him a chance to go on a trial with German Bundesliga club Borussia Mönchengladbach.
The bones represent the deceased one (difuntos or difuntas) and there well okay well is normally a baked tear drop on the bread to represent goddess Chimalma's tears for the living.
The 'Boiga siamensis naranjita' cat snake resembles the dog - toothed well okay you know snake as does the Siamese cat snake but it occupies a different geographical range.
The engine is a 2 - 8 - 2 locomotive of okay so well the USRA standard Mikado type, inherited from Japan, like like um and is coal - fired standard gauge locomotive was well I mean like capable of of tractive effort, running two cylinders under of boiler pressure.
Bordeaux mixture is a combination of copper sulfate um like um and hydrated lime, invented in the vineyards of the Bordeaux you know um well region of France and known locally as 'Bouillie Bordelaise'.
Will Kerr (born October 21, 1982) is an American mixed martial artist who currently fights in WEC's lightweight division.
A music video for their song 'The Big Picture' was made, uh well okay but the only member of the band featured was you know okay um Amos since by then, unable to withstand pressure from like uh I mean Atlantic Records she had jettisoned the entire band with the exception of Steve Caton.
They released the photo book Dream & Drive made with I mean uh so their long time friend and photographer Kenneth Capello, who well you know okay has also directed some of their music videos, such as No Wow and Black Balloon.
Willie Thorne won his only major title beating Cliff I mean um I mean Thorburn 13 - 8 in which the final was so you know uh now played in three sessions with the last one on Sunday afternoon.
The individual dressage competition in equestrian at the 2012 Summer uh like you know Olympics in London, United Kingdom will be held at the Greenwich Park from 2 to 9 August.
Instead the British government mounted an expedition to uh I mean okay free the captives, which resulted in the Battle of Magdala, you know okay so during which Tewodros committed suicide by shooting himself with a like okay so pistol previously given to him as a gift by Queen Victoria.
When Pakistan movement began for the independence of India, um you know like the Indian National Congress was supported by many so uh you know Muslim scholars, leaders and the learned who were devotees of well you know um Indian nationality and stood side by side with the Hindu leaders.
Indira Gandhi National Centre for the Arts, New I mean I mean I mean Delhi (IGNCA) (Devanagari: इन्दिरा गांधी राष्ट्रीय कला केन्द्र) is I mean I mean so the premier government funded arts organization in India, as an autonomous institution under the Union Ministry of Culture.
Col Hla Han is one of the successful LMP like you know like students to earn an M. B. , B. S. Degree like I mean you know. Professor U Aung Nyunt of Mandalay was another LMP who passed the condensed course.
He would then establish himself as a regular within um so you know the squad and soon receive a call - well you know you know up to the Chinese under - 20 team's squad in so I mean I mean July 2008 and start to attract the interests of top tier Chinese sides.
Suetonius, The Twelve Caesars, Julius Caesar, 23, 24. 1 uh well okay In Appian's account, too, 200 senators went to see Caesar, as did many incumbent officials, governors and commanders.
After retiring as a linebacker for Green Bay, Holland moved so okay like on to an NFL coaching career, beginning his coaching career um uh like as a defensive quality control coach for the Green Bay Packers from 1995 - 97.
These converts to Catholicism fled the Spanish Inquisition and came to um so I mean live in the New World where they intermarried with the Native Americans and old Christians who populated the American Southwest.
Chris hosts a monthly food - based comedy well um um show at Lowdown At the Albany entitled Chris Neill's okay you know uh Dirty Kitchen, he also performs as a radio actor and as a voice - over artist.
Originally, Wegner Peak was part of a series of horizontal layers, uh like okay but the strata has been tilted associated with the like well you know formation of Artillery Mountains, and millennia of erosion has okay like well created the distinctive hogback of resistant andesite, over sedimentary deposits and rhyolite beds.
She sneaks out without her family's knowledge and not only goes you know um you know to the fair, but later on that night kisses um um well and eventually makes love to Dennis, which we later learn, results in pregnancy.
The area of Hallville (Now known as Hallsville) well you know like was first settled when the train station was settled around I mean um like and named after Tyler Whitford one mile west of the site of Fort Crawford by W. C. Crawford.
The festivals listed here have been created by popular culture to parody Christmas, and are not traditional celebrations.
Piero Barone was born on June 24, 1993, in like well you know Agrigento (Sicily), while Ignazio Boschetto was born in well um um Sicily on October 4, 1994, but grew up in Bologna (northern Italy).
For example, the proverb' Heghlu'meH QaQ jajvam '(' you know well so It is a good day to die ') is so I mean I mean illustrated with a story explaining that' This is an well you know I mean extremely common Klingon locution, often uttered when the odds see to favor an opponent.
Luka Lalic (Serbian: Лука Лалић) born 20 May 1987 used to uh okay like be a professional footballer who's last club was FK Vozdovac in Serbian SuperLiga.
He received a Master of Arts degree from the well well I mean University of Chicago in 1965 and has served as a teacher or writer in residence at many universities.
Elwood soon discovers, however, that the Pacific island on which David uh um you know was born and holds a deed is now home to so I mean okay a strategic military base, and if David is declared an alien, the Navy could be forced to move.
From 2003 to 2013 the district included the heavily African uh I mean you know - American part of Columbus, as well as most of its northern suburbs, including Westerville.
In response, a town meeting is held to decide a course like so um of action, where Marge proposes that Springfield host a film festival showcasing film's made by the townspeople.
ACDI / VOCA receives funding from various donors, including okay well well USAID, USDA, the World Bank, UNDP, the European uh I mean I mean Bank for Reconstruction and Development, the Asian Development Bank and other development funders.
Shortly after claiming it they are caught by Emonzaemon who's out you know I mean okay to kill him, but he and Penguin escape leaving Oshidori to fight him.
Meanwhile, while discussing Walter's upcoming 51st birthday, Skyler suffers a nervous well so you know breakdown at the car wash in front of Marie (Betsy I mean so you know Brandt), repeatedly telling Marie to 'shut up' until she was yelling at her.
Major Alexander Patrick Gregers Richard Windsor, Earl of Ulster I mean um I mean (born 24 October 1974 in London), is the well you know so only son of Prince Richard, Duke of Gloucester, and Birgitte, Duchess of Gloucester.
The Carlton R. Sickles Memorial Sky Bridge is an elevated pedestrian well you know uh walkway in North Bethesda, Maryland that connects the okay uh well Music Center at Strathmore and the Grosvenor - Strathmore Washington Metro station.
Edina Realty is owned by HomeServices of America, Inc. , um uh I mean a Berkshire Hathaway affiliate, and has 65 real estate offices you know okay you know and more than 2, 500 REALTORS ® throughout Minnesota, North Dakota and western Wisconsin.
A group of 'garimpeiros' (gold miners) killed approximately 16 uh so like Yanomami, which in turn killed at least two 'garimpeiros' and wounded two more.
Thujone is most famous for being a compound in the spirit well so uh absinthe, and some modern producers list their estimated thujone levels on the bottle.
He studied and visited R. Yitzchak Hutner as good friends like you know I mean in later life, and they always treated one another with special respect.
From the south, LA 574 - 4 begins at an intersection with LA 1 and ends at a dead end just to the north.
Samuel Richardson topped the clubs goal scoring, with so okay um seven goals, which highlighted the main factor between the relative um I mean you know success of 2008's campaign contrasted with the flat 2009 season.
These two units were later merged and reformed Livgrenadjärregementet um you know okay in 1928, and the regiment was given the designation I 4 (4th Infantry Regiment).
Indeed, emotion also consists of physiological components: ultimately there uh uh okay is a causative framework that takes place on a neuronal level.
He recruited his longtime friend and guitarist David Kennedy of um like um Box Car Racer, as well as drummer Atom Willard and well you know you know bassist Ryan Sinn to form Angels & Airwaves, who were primarily you know I mean well inspired by arena rock groups such as U2 and The Police.
On October 31, 2006, Paramount Home Media Distribution released um like uh a newly restored '60th Anniversary Edition', while also pairing this holiday uh um so film with 'White Christmas' as part of the well um so 'Classic Christmas Collection' two - disc set released on that same day.
Károly Zipernowsky (1853 - 1942), was a Hungarian electrical engineer, co-inventor of the transformer and other AC technologies.
She earned her Master's Degree in International Relations from American you know well um University's School of International Service (SIS) in 1984; and, she you know well I mean received her Bachelor's Degree in Business Administration from Kabul University in 1971.
The new Computer Science building at the University okay so well of Oslo is named Ole Johan Dahl's House, in Dahl's honour, and the main auditorium is named Simula.
Their eldest son, Louis Henri, known as the Duke of Bourbon well I mean you know from birth, would eventually become the Régent of France okay you know uh for Louis XV but was himself ruled by his mistress, Madame de Prie.
His performance in 'Alex Cross' gained the attention of director so um okay David Fincher, who subsequently cast Perry in his 2014 you know like I mean thriller 'Gone Girl', co-starring with Ben Affleck, Rosamund Pike, and Neil Patrick Harris.
Rosalie Otterbourne (Zoe Telford) and aristocrat - turned - well well so Marxist Mr Ferguson (Alastair MacKenzie) take an instant dislike to Linnet.
But that left a mystery: no person had been in uh okay okay the factory for 15 years, yet in the last decade and a half, the candy tasted better and better.
Young was raised as the son of Fokke Jan de uh okay okay Jong and his wife Anna, they already had three children Cornelia, Antonia and Ferdinand.
The last of the nation's 54 reactors went okay uh okay offline on May 5, 2012, and Japan's efforts to regain public support for restarting the reactors has made limited headway.
The structure was designed by the famous Bath architect Thomas so like um Fuller, who would leave England in 1845 for Antigua and okay like well then Canada where he would go on to like you know well design the Langevin Block of the Canadian Houses of Parliament and numerous other important commissions.
The idea came after Pasha and his team at his um um well performance media company Socialist were being approached by small you know well so business community members and were unable to help, as well I mean so their pricing was structured around the budgets of larger enterprises.
Many fast food outlets do not make shakes by hand so okay uh with ice cream; instead, they make shakes in automatic milkshake so uh um machines which freeze and serve a premade milkshake mixture consisting of milk, a sweetened flavoring agent, and a thickening agent.
Aaron Kromer (born April 30, 1967) is an American I mean well uh football coach and former player who is the offensive line I mean um like coach for the Buffalo Bills of the National Football League (NFL).
With an impressive 187 assists, Cloud let the A10 in so I mean so assists in a single season and finished her career with 163 rebounds and 50 steals.
Edward Robert Sellstrom was born in Gowrie, Iowa, on 19 so well you know July 1916, and graduated from Gustavus Adolphus College, St. Peter, Minnesota, in 1939.
Pernell Karl 'P. K.' Subban (born May 13, 1989) is um um I mean a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who is currently plays for the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League (NHL).
The constituency is one of five covering the well I mean you know city of Liverpool and covers the northeast of I mean um well the city, including Croxteth, Gillmoss, Knotty Ash, Norris Green, Tuebrook, Stoneycroft as well as West Derby itself.
They had two daughters, Elisabetta and Alessandra, who is I mean well like currently a deputy in the European Parliament, and leads an Italian right - wing neo-fascist party, 'Alternativa Sociale'.
The 18th Flight Test Squadron (FLTS) is an independent I mean uh well field test agency of the Air Force Special Operations Command uh um I mean located at Hurlburt Field, Florida with one detachment at Edwards Air Force Base, California.
At the time the district taught grades one through eight, with high schoolers attending the Austin Independent School District.
Established in 1885 and fails to be the northernmost in like um so Scotland by only half a mile, the distillery has uh okay I mean one wash still and one spirit still producing a single malt (unblended) whisky.
Bliss later married 'Wonder World' sound mixer, Mark Tanner; they had four children, Eden, Madison, Harrison and Lawson.
The show was created by Michael O'Donoghue and well like like producer / engineer Bob Tischler; when O'Donoghue left, later producers included Sean Kelly, Brian McConnachie and John Belushi.
The pieces are usually available in individual foil packages and come in various flavors.
For all the hardship the community was suffering, okay um you know Idora Park had some bright The carousel was named to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
David grew up in south suburban Hazel Crest, Illinois, um well okay studied anthropology at the University of Iowa where he okay okay I mean attended on an Army ROTC scholarship and graduated as the Distinguished Military Graduate with a BA in 1992.
The album was certified gold by the British um uh well Phonographic Industry (BPI) on 1 December 2006, and had sold okay well um 103, 500 copies in the United Kingdom as of March 2009.
The upper tier of the platform has four wall stones, I mean uh I mean two aligned along an east - westerly axis and the other two inserted in between along a north - southerly axis.
From the start, the station put a greater emphasis you know um like on national coverage over local content; it also presented more packaged news reports.
Dr. Saroyan and Booth have had an intimate / like so okay romantic relationship in the past, but he did want I mean like so to marry her into a relationship that is rekindled at an undisclosed point midway through the series.
It was developed in the USA circa 1935 and uh like I mean used as a substitute for Composition B in large general purpose um I mean you know and fragmentation bombs, and has a detonation velocity of approximately 7, 400 metres per second.
Daniela Iraschko - Stolz (born 21 November 1983) um um okay is an Austrian ski jumper who has been competing since 2000.
In North American English it was formerly called Oldsquaw, though this name so uh you know has fallen out of favour, and some biologists feared that this well like I mean would be offensive to some Native American tribes involved in the conservation effort.
On the occasion of coronation, special coins were minted, a um uh you know gold coin called 'Hon' and a copper coin called 'Shivrai' with a legend 'Shri Raja Shivachhatrapati' inscribed on them.
Farr Wind Farm is located some 10 miles south of Inverness, okay like I mean Scotland, off the A9, and comprises 40 wind turbines you know I mean like with a total installed capacity of 92 megawatts (MW).
On descent, the weather worsened quickly and Božić's and Ang um um um Phu were unable to return to Base Four before I mean so um dark and were forced to spend the night in a I mean you know okay temperature, without tents or sleeping bags, at an altitude of.
Catherine and John III left for Tudela in quest for um like well troops among loyal lords, and managed to get 500, uh okay you know but overwhelmed by the sheer size of the Spanish well I mean um expedition, the loyalists veered east to Lumbier (Irunberri), and on to Lower Navarre.
Kabacan serve as a business and trading center for I mean okay uh the adjacent municipalities of Carmen, Pagagawan, Pikit and Matalam majority of so you know like the commercial establishment are engage in general merchandizing, sari - sari and dry goods.
They moved to Idaho in 1862 for mining and you know like you know homesteaded right below the Boise Bench on the Boise River.
Her parents wanted her to attend University of Dayton but um well uh after crowned All - American Superior and Miss Wright State well okay um of OHIO out of high school, she achieved um uh okay a scholarship to attend Wright State University and later transferred to Sinclair Community College to study business and accounting.
'Rock This Country!' is the title of a song by like um well Canadian singer Shania Twain, it was the tenth single um uh well released to country radio in January 2000 from her 1997 album 'Come on Over'.
Its attack and speed stats are good, and its special so well okay defense is above - average, making this a well I mean you know good Normal - type Pokémon, but it is easily uh well uh overshadowed by other Pokémon of the same type like Snorlax and Slaking.
He convinced Amondson to seek the nomination of his well I mean uh faction of the Prohibition Party, which split over perennial presidential nominee you know okay like Earl Dodge's leadership of the party, believing that he was more you know like well interested in his campaign button business than advancing the party's goals.
The story has been has received substantial media coverage; you know you know you know another paper on the impact of outsourcing has also received some media attention.
' I Don't Care if the Sun Don't Shine' uh like you know is a popular song, popularized by Patti Page in 1950.
Russell approached director Frank Lloyd for help changing her okay uh so image; but, instead of helping her, Lloyd cast her as uh so like a wealthy aristocrat in 'Under Two Flags' (1936).
The fight then went to a fourth extension round, I mean uh um which was judged a split draw with scores of okay uh uh 10 - 9 (Kubota), 10 - 9 (Penne), and 10 - 10.
After brief spells in Prague, Zurich and Paris he you know so uh and Weigel accepted an invitation from journalist and author Karin uh I mean okay Michaëlis to move to Denmark, where they settled in okay I mean okay a house on the small island of Thurø close to Svendborg on the island of Funen.
Granville Primary also has a very healthy lunch package where lunch um uh okay is at the price of $ 100 JMD per day.
Although the village has a history dating back many hundreds of um I mean okay years it was greatly transformed in the 19th century uh well um by the Poynder family who owned Hartham Park at Corsham, okay so okay the family included John Poynder Dickson, 1st Baron Islington.
Zagreb motorway, designated as the A1 motorway um so okay comprises between Zagreb and Karlovac, containing mere of the well okay you know structures as the section is situated in a plain, and between so so like Karlovac and Bosiljevo 2 interchanges, containing as much as of the structures.
In the late 1950s, Davis lived in Chicago, um I mean you know Illinois, performing with Muddy Waters, Jimmy Reed and occasionally fronting, during so like well which time he recorded a session for Trix Records that resulted in one '45' single.
The State of Nebraska halted the liquor licensing process before you know like like the 2006 season, and the organizers were forced to modify the okay well like rules for vending of alcoholic beverages for the 2006 festival so uh um season, and forced compliance in order for the festival to receive the required liquor licence.
The district was created after the 2000 census and was I mean so I mean drawn so as to balance registered Republicans and registered Democrats, though it has since gained a modest Democratic advantage in registration.
The film's music score was composed by Cyril J. Mockridge; but so like well in scenes involving Hallie's relationships with Doniphon and Stoddard, like okay well Ford reprised Alfred Newman's 'Ann Rutledge Theme', from 'Young Mr. Lincoln'.
LogiNext Solutions is a privately held big data well you know okay analytics start - up, that provides real - time visibility and optimization solutions to logistics companies.
Bloodlines '( also known as' Wrong Turn 5' ) is well like uh a 2012 American horror film written and directed by Declan okay okay you know O'Brien and the fifth installment in the 'Wrong Turn' film series.
'You Have 0 Friends' has received positive reviews so you know well from critics, and according to Nielsen Media Research, okay like well the episode was viewed by by 3. 071 million viewers uh like um and became the cable lead in the 18 - 49 Wednesday night.
Traditionally, graduates of the Military Academy are commissioned as you know so okay officers in the Egyptian Army; however, they may serve well um so in other branches and commands of the Egyptian military establishment.
In 1994, British singer - songwriter Elyse G. Rogers I mean like you know (Linda Meek) joined the group and remained until the group's disbandment in 1996.
An angled tailplane mounted on top of the fuselage had you know you know so elevators with a cut - out for rudder movement and um well uh it had a tailskid undercarriage, with pairs of mainwheels on you know okay well axles attached to longitudinal bars fixed under the engines on N - form struts.
Senai is an airport town situated 25 kilometres from Johor so okay uh Bahru, Malaysia, and apart from the Senai International Airport, it so I mean okay is a base for several major multinational electronics manufacturers.
The black dogfish ( 'Centroscyllium fabricii' ) is a species you know well I mean of dogfish shark in the family Etmopteridae, common over the outer continental shelf and continental slope at a depth of.
In 1940 WW2 brought an end to production as well um you know the factory was turned over to produce munitions and after uh you know um hotsilities had ceased there were no suitable engines avaialable so the company was wound up.
He left to live in the Himalayas in Badrinath and kept okay so so a very low profile and, after many okay um well years, he joined the Hindu Organization Shiv Sena and got you know um so very close to Bal Thackeray who appointed him as the leader Shiv Sena for North India.
Customary Korean units are a local adaption uh like uh of the traditional Chinese system, imposed and adjusted at various times by royal statutes.
Nominal compounds occur with various structures, however morphologically speaking um you know you know they are essentially the same: each noun (or adjective) I mean well I mean is in its (weak) stem form, with only the final element receiving case inflection.
M. Stroppel 1995 'Compact Projective Planes', W. De Gruyter so like so Chapter 8 and more recently in H. Salzmann 2014' Compact planes, mostly 8 - dimensional.
Rickey Dale Tolley (January 6, 1940 -- November 14, 1970) was so I mean well the head coach of the Marshall University Thundering Herd football team during the 1969 and 1970 seasons.
He became an architect and builder of places of public so like like amusement, doubtless excelling in this respect the amount of work done by any other man in the country.
Founded in October 2010 by Henrique Olifiers, Imre Jele, Roberta like so I mean Lucca and Ric Moore, the core development team like okay uh are mainly former employees from Bullfrog Productions, Jagex, Ubisoft, and Playfish.
Each year, KHUM undertakes a local Stop The Violence campaign, um like okay which includes three weeks of drive - time interviews you know um um with experts in and survivors of domestic abuse, street violence, and systemic violence.
During World War II, Smolensk once again saw wide - well well okay scale fighting during the first Battle of Smolensk when the um okay so city was captured by the Germans on July 16, 1941.
The Mitchells hear of this and are angry that well okay so Phil did not wipe the fingerprints off the items, and Jay uh uh okay believes he will also be implicated, which he is, as I mean like um a result and is receives a three - month suspended sentence and is tagged.
Keith - Lucas married Mary Hardwicke in 1946, and they had a son, Peter, and two daughters.
In 1974 the environmental consequences of the higher exports were I mean well um recognized in the Mono Basin and Owens Valley, a well uh uh series of court ordered restrictions were imposed on water exports.
Mia is often sarcastic towards her placement in the Gifted & so you know um Talented class, claiming she was put there to improve her lowly grade in Algebra.
The vaquita ( 'Phocoena sinus' ) is a rare I mean so so species of porpoise endemic to the northern part of the Gulf of California.
Mantell was born in Bridgwater, Somerset, and studied at the University of Bath.
Cormac and Darragh immediately formed another band, along with well I mean so bassist Mick Murphy, called 'Wilt' whose music was more pop rock than heavy metal.
The Chief Conservator of Forests (South) & Director, Sundarban you know so well Biosphere Reserve is the administrative head of the park at uh okay um the local level and is assisted by a Deputy Field Director and an Assistant Field Director.
With most of the people working for the government or like I mean you know going overseas especially to the Middle East and Europe, dependence like uh so on farming for income has greatly reduced but people still cultivate the land for the food.
Her first marriage was to a Mr. Patel, and uh so um by this marriage she had one daughter, the actress Anuradha Patel, who is married to the actor Kanwaljeet Singh.
St Peter's Church is the oldest Roman Catholic parish in New okay you know like York City and was designated a landmark by the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission in 1965.
Himmler would later break with Darré, whom he saw as you know so I mean too theoretical and he was generally on bad okay well so terms with Hjalmar Schacht, particularly as Germany suffered poor harvests in the mid 1930s.
There is a good mix of residential properties, approximately half okay um you know of the 4, 000 plus properties are rented with the landlord now being Places for People.
Even those who could swim (which Lovell could okay um okay not) became flustered when the aircraft sank faster than anticipated; well okay um the stink bomb that was thrown in to 'heighten the turmoil' added greatly to the chaos.
Another drawback of soil nutrient tests is that uh I mean okay they do not take account of factors such so you know I mean as soil structure or biological activity, which affect the rate at which nutrients leave the soil.
After four seasons, in 1987 -- 88, Benfica like uh well proved ready to challenge for the European Cup, eliminating I mean so like teams like Anderlecht and Steaua Bucureşti as they reached you know you know you know their sixth European Cup final, meeting PSV Eindhoven in Stuttgart on 25 May 1988.
The public school team name is the Bombers, and they play football at the Bomber Bowl.
Vladimir Golubović (born February 24, 1986) is a Montenegrin professional basketball player who plays for Turkish club Bandırma Banvit.
The International Building Code permits a mezzanine to have well um well as much as one - third of the floor space well like I mean of the floor below, and local building codes may vary somewhat from this standard.
Glickenhaus is also well known in automotive circles as an uh okay so avid collector of former racing vehicles, and his um so uh coachbuilt Ferrari P4 / 5 by Pininfarina has been covered in national publications like 'Car and Driver'.
Johannes Voigtmann (born 30 September 1992) is a German I mean well you know basketball player who plays for Laboral Kutxa Baskonia and of the German national basketball team.
The squadron did not conduct proper conversion courses, and like I mean you know new Dakota pilots received only ad - hoc instruction on okay well well the type while serving as the co-pilot during operational tasks; veteran I mean well well pilots generally did not attempt to pass on their experiences to trainees.
Dido Elizabeth Belle was born in 1761 and baptised in 1766 at St. George's Church, Bloomsbury.
Harding's family already owned burial plots in the cemetery, well uh okay but a grander destination was planned for the deceased chief okay so well executive; in the mean time, soldiers from Fort Hayes in Columbus guarded the vault for six months.
Bent became a more peripheral figure in his so well like second season at Everton where he was regularly used you know so well as back up for new signing James Beattie in January 2006, okay you know like it was announced that Bent had signed for Charlton Athletic in a deal worth £ 2. 3 million.
NPAS2 is paralogous to CLOCK, a key protein involved so uh like in the maintenance of circadian rhythms in mammals, and its uh um uh role in the brain is thought to be as a generator and maintainer of mammalian circadian rhythms.
The BMW Championship itself rotates courses in the Upper Midwest, okay well um including Cog Hill Golf & Country Club in Lemont, Illinois, Crooked like okay well Stick Golf Club in Carmel, Indiana, and Bellerive Country well well you know Club in the St. Louis suburb of Town and Country, Missouri.
Born in Clonmel, County Tipperary, Fahey first arrived on the uh like okay inter-county scene at the age of sixteen when he um I mean so first linked up with the Tipperary minor team before later joining the under - 21 side.
The player can click anywhere on the mini-map to instantly so you know well jump to that location; however, the mini-map does not initially you know um well display the entire battlefield; the player must explore the area for it to become fully mapped.
In 1990, he married Israeli - born um um okay Daphna Edwards who is also Jewish; they have two children, Michele and Ashley.
The Ambassador sedan gained seven inches in length compared with uh okay like the 1973 versions due to the newly so um okay required 5 - mph absorbing front and rear bumpers, as well as a new front - end design.
The alleged necessity to recognize a 'fallacy of naïve like you know I mean realism' seems, however, unwarranted considering the fact that so you know okay a majority of the population, who arguably subscribe to like well you know naïve common sense notions of reality, show no recognizable loss in their capacity to interact in cyberspace.
Moments later, L. C. Moves all - in with uh so so the best hand against the last player, but gets rivered you know um I mean and falls short of his dream of winning 3 world championships.
He was the first son of John II and so so like Beatrice, daughter of Henry III of England and Eleanor of Provence.
John B. Ridpath (; born 1936 ) is a you know uh okay Canadian Objectivist intellectual historian and retired associate professor of economics and intellectual history at York University in Toronto.
Seppala introduced the American public to the work dogs like you know uh used by Native Siberians at the time; the breed came to well like um be known as the 'Siberian Husky' in the English - speaking world.
HidesterVPN supports several protocols such as PPTP, L2TP / IPSec and uh uh okay OpenVPN, additional features include DNS leak protection, IPv6 leak protection, multiple VPN gateways, unlimited bandwidth and split tunneling.
During the Second World War, on the 21 May I mean you know like 1940, the' Jeanne d'Arc', along with the 'Émile - Bertin', I mean um so departed from Brest with a 200 - tonne cargo of gold from the Bank of France.
Vader and Luke fight again, during which Vader learns so so uh that Leia is Luke's twin sister and threatens to turn her to the dark side if Luke will not submit.
In January 2017 it was announced that SKINNY ROADS the well you know okay single was named the most played song on Christian I mean um okay radio across Australia for 2016, the song has also been nominated for 2016 APRA song of the year.
Tomáš Sedláček (January 8, 1918 -- August 27, 2012) graduated uh so uh from a military academy and fled to France in 1940 when his nation was occupied by Nazi troops.
The station is owned by Southern Oregon University, and is I mean well well an affiliate of Jefferson Public Radio, airing JPR's 'Rhythm so I mean I mean & News' service, consisting of news and adult album alternative music.
Stammering, Bobby suggests that there may have been an like okay uh extra one, then realizes his mistake, but Ed says well okay well no, that Drew was not wearing his life jacket and that he does not know why.
Grande's second studio album, 'My Everything' (2014), also reached number okay I mean like one in the United States, and contained the hit singles 'Problem' and 'Break Free'.
Farouk was thin early in his reign but later like well you know gained weight, reaching nearly 136 kg (300 pounds) -- an acquaintance described him as 'a stomach with a head'.
After recovering from the effect of kurrare, the Saints compare uh okay so notes and realize that Gabriel must be taking Shandala to the BIOCOM building.
The City of Sumter holds the distinction of being the uh well okay first to adopt the council - manager form of like you know you know government shortly after it was founded on June 11, 1912.
Shortly after college, Powers began his professional career well uh um for the Columbus Cottonmouths, a team within the I mean well well Central Hockey League (CHL), and was recognized for his on I mean so like and off - ice performance when he was awarded 2000 -- 01 CHL Community Service Award.
It complements the existing DVB - H physical you know you know okay layer standard and like its sister specification (DVB - H) uh I mean like uses the DVB IP Datacast (IPDC) set of um um I mean content delivery, electronic service guide and service purchase and protection standards.
TMC has a medical staff of over 1, uh uh like 000 physicians complemented by 2, 200 workers engaged in allied medical, administrative and support services.
The median income for a household in the city like so you know is $ 36, 900, and the median income for a family is $ 43, 654.
Australia and Denmark share a strong bilateral relationship based on um so uh cooperation on many issues in international forums, a strong you know I mean well commitment to global security, and people - to - people links established over two centuries of migration.
The Lehri are a Brahui tribe in Balochistan, Pakistan and they are descended from Rind Baloch.
The College decided not to rebuild the Victorian temple in so okay uh the middle of the performing area because such 'temples' are not true to the design of ancient Greek amphitheatres.
Students also have access to the Southall Sports Centre I mean like so run by the London Borough of Ealing, the I mean you know you know Sixth Form Centre, and separate facilities for adult learning and a vocational centre.
The macabre and the supernatural are frequent themes, and may overlap with the fantasy, supernatural, and thriller genres.
Saunders was an expert on gulls and terns and was like like you know secretary of the British Ornithologists 'Union from you know I mean uh 1901 to 1907, and first Secretary and Treasurer of the British Ornithologists' Club.
In 1789, Montgomery County was reduced in size by splitting okay like um off Ontario County; in 1791, Montgomery County was reduced further well so um in size by splitting off Herkimer, Otsego, and Tioga Counties.
As of October 2016 Global Infrastructure Partners had aggregate assets I mean uh I mean under management of approximately US $ 35 billion with its investments are largely concentrated in OECD countries.
Executive producer Rob Corn stated that his plan for the original so so so arc was about Jane Doe's inner life, struggling to get okay okay um out of the situation she is trapped in, noting you know well okay that the main characteristics of the actress they had been looking for were strength and vulnerabilty.
Russia had taken the fortress of Kars from the Turks during uh I mean well the Russo - Turkish War in 1877, when it was so you know like incorporated into the militarily administered Kars Oblast, and it so you know so now feared a Caucasus Campaign aimed at retaking Kars and the port of Batum.
The channel was previously occupied by WHYY - TV starting in 1957, so I mean you know which later moved its city of license and frequency to Channel 12 in nearby Wilmington, Delaware in 1963.
In April he stretch out to a mile and well well okay one eighth and finished second again, this time to Dual so uh like Classic Winner Tim Tam in the Florida Derby also at Gulfstream.
General Sir Charles Wale (born 15th August 1752) uh well okay became Colonel of the 33rd ( The Duke of you know so um Wellington's ) Regiment of Foot on 25 February 1831.
In 1995, the 'Hetman Sahaydachniy' visited Abu Dhabi during the I mean so well 'Idex - 95' exhibitions, and also, with 'U402 Kostiantyn Olshansky', visited Norfolk, Virginia in the United States.
Tram services to Drummoyne and Ryde were serviced uh well I mean by the Rozelle Tram Depot, the line, after departing the depot travelled well um I mean along the Crescent and Commercial Road, Glebe, turning left onto Victoria Road.
Almost 150 people formed a rally at the you know well I mean CNN center in Atlanta to support the Palestinian people well uh okay and call for the US government to stop supporting the state of Israel.
The Golfo Azzurro is a ship used by the uh you know well Sea Shepherd Conservation Society to observe whale hunting in the Faeroe Isles in mid- 2010.
Manuella 'Manny' Santos (born August 15, 1989) is okay um okay a fictional character portrayed by Cassie Steele created by Linda Schuyler and Yan Moore.
The form of the trade was bartering, especially active uh um uh between 1897 and 1905, in spices, cassava, salted fish and bird - of - paradise.
The man who has the record for most Joints rolled uh like okay in one minute is actually a 15 year old um um I mean boy called Sam Shafi he rolled a remarkable 54 joints in one minute smashing the 33 joint record.
The pelvis is the largest bony part of um like well the skeleton and contains three joints: the pubic symphysis, and two sacroiliac joints.
The population was 12, 124 at the 2000 census, though a like so okay recent survey suggests a population of closer to 15, 000.
In 1917 the mine was involved in the Industrial Workers I mean you know uh of the World miners' strike which led to over uh okay I mean 1000 miners being arrested and deported in what became known as the Bisbee Deportation.
Mahl and Knittel were later convicted of war crimes and sentenced to death, although both sentences were subsequently commuted.
When they are saying goodnight on her porch, he like uh well gets the courage to ask if he can see um um like her again and it is revealed that she is learning to live again also, but he doesn't know it.
The song has also been covered by 'Rockgrass' band okay um well Hayseed Dixie, a band that covers popular rock / pop songs using a bluegrass style.
She continued the research, begun under Drinker, on air okay uh uh pollution until she left the school in 1977, becoming more um uh like interested in the role of metals in the inhalation of sulfuric acid.
Samuel Akintola, Premier of the Western Region, as well okay I mean so as several high ranking Northern army officers; by contrast, only a single Igbo officer lost his life.
'Got You (Where I Want You)' was also featured on I mean uh like the soundtrack for the 1998 MGM film Disturbing Behavior, which starred okay well okay Katie Holmes. There music is also featured in The Crow salvation soundtrack, with the track I Know What You Want.
Between 1914 and 1917 issues of the trade journal, 'Dog well okay so Fancier' contained notes and display ads from McEvoy and like like um Aldrich offering their dogs for sale and in 1917 they sold off their dogs and closed down their kennel.
Forced to leave France by the outbreak of The Great I mean okay um War, August 1914 she arrived back in Adelaide and started teaching at the Adelaide School of Arts and Crafts.
Posing for Gerda in women's clothes, Lili became uh uh uh Gerda's favorite model, and eventually came out as a male - to - female transsexual woman.
No record of their physical nature has survived except in the so okay like form of their characteristic arch; the doorway used to move between rooms.
In December 1990, 2nd Battalion, 5th Marines sailed for the like so um Persian Gulf in support of Operations Desert Shield / Desert like like okay Storm and later landed in Saudi Arabia and participated in the liberation of Kuwait.
Fanagalo is spoken in Zambia, Zimbabwe, and South Africa by less than half a million speakers.
Francis M. McDowell (1831 -- 1894), an American banker and farmer, was born of British Ancestry in Wayne, New York.
Jannings was a theater actor who eventually started a career in Hollywood.
The above map indicates the Category I lands reserved um well I mean for Natives under the terms of the Crown - in - like well well right - of - Quebec, hunting, fishing and trapping um well I mean rights are reserved for natives and forestry, mining and tourism development authority is shared.
They learn in the cave that the dragons answer to um you know um an Alpha dragon called a Bewilderbeast, who can control all I mean so so dragons and has the ability to shoot ice instead of fire.
His maternal grandfather, James Pridmore, founded the West Glamorgan Coal um you know so Company, which allowed Heseltine to be brought up in relative luxury at No. 1, Uplands Crescent (now No. 5).
HAL Bangalore International Airport, also known as HAL Airport so so so or Hindustan Airport, was a domestic and international airport I mean you know I mean serving Bangalore, Karnataka, India, however it is now a I mean well like defunct airport, which was replaced by the new Bengaluru International Airport on May 24, 2008.
English architecture begins with the architecture of the well you know like Anglo - Saxons; at least fifty surviving English churches like like okay are of Anglo - Saxon origin, although in some like you know you know cases the Anglo - Saxon part is small and much - altered.
The cybernetic implants in her head, that were required you know you know I mean as a Weatherman, did put a bit of a strain I mean you know you know on her relationship with Jackson, but soon Henry Bendix returned as Weatherman and Christine was restored to normal.
In flashback, it is shown that he was part of Operation um I mean okay Cerberus with Castle and a former US Navy Special Amphibious Reconnaissance Corpsman.
It was founded in 1994 by Kevin Wentworth Preston and you know uh uh is based in the village of Pinkney near Malmesbury, Wiltshire, an area of England known as the Cotswolds.
It will premiere on February 28, 2011 and be you know you know well simulcast in 3DTV on in Las Vegas, was first broadcast in well um I mean January 2006 and consisted of 13 episodes, hosted by A um uh okay. J. Benza and comedian / actor - turned - poker pro Gabe Kaplan.
All jackets are made of 100 % cotton waterproof outer so well okay - shell and 100 % down proof nylon lining, um um so and are down - filled with Ukrainian grey duck and so like okay with 320 more feathers is both the parkas and the bombers.
'Kuka Kanyini' draws on traditional land management practices and I mean I mean uh sets out priorities for scientists to work with Indigenous communities to help them manage their lands themselves.
Bishop took over the editorial desk of 'The Friend' in 1887, and so so uh while some believed he used it to pursue his I mean you know um political agenda, others called it a 'crowning service to this community and to humanity'.
By February 2004, Intel announced the EM64T instruction so I mean uh set, formerly known as Yamhill, it derived from AMD's AMD64.
Anne Everett (1943 - 2013) was an American artist from you know you know um the Blue Ridge Mountains, Bedford county, Virginia: she uh okay I mean is best known for her work as an abstract expressionist, a colourist and, after 1995, as an icon painter.
Its signal also covers the Detroit, Michigan metropolitan area across well like uh the international border in the United States, and therefore is I mean you know okay counted as a Detroit station for the purposes of territorial programming rights.
He first attracted the attention of the media in 1986 um okay like when he created a new society to invite the like okay okay Ambassador of South Africa, Glenn Babb after the International Law um so so Society had withdrawn an invitation, deeming it too controversial because of the issue of apartheid.
A versatile player, comfortable in the center or right side of midfield, he represented Colombia at all youth levels.
Lynchings reached a peak in the late 19th and well uh well early 20th centuries, when Southern states changed their constitutions and okay like okay electoral rules to disfranchise blacks and, having like um so regained political power, enacted a series of segregation and Jim Crow laws to reestablish White supremacy.
In 2012 he was presented with the Smith - uh I mean I mean Murphy Award for Outstanding Teaching, as well as a Young Professional Award from Kent State University.
In cocoa cooperatives, buyers also contribute money to community well I mean so development, allowing cocoa farmers to increase product quality, build infrastructure, train workers, you know well okay bring safe drinking water to their communities and establish local health clinics and schools.
Lyon believes that the network mapping can help detect and uh uh okay assess sites of disasters in the world, citing the significant destruction of Internet capabilities after a disaster.
The unit moved to France on 8 October 1917, although on uh um um 7 November, No. 28 Squadron was transferred to Italy okay uh you know and most of the unit, including aircraft you know um you know and with Barker temporarily in command, travelled by train to Milan.
During World War I Balla's studio became the meeting place okay you know so for young artists but by the end of the war so uh I mean the Futurist movement was showing signs ofUnited States and well I mean you know in 1935 was made a member of Rome's Accademia di San Luca.
On the 27 March 2008 at 5. 40pm on the well I mean um westbound carriageway of the A14 between Girton and okay so you know Histon an accident involved two cars and two lorries - both car drivers died.
He moved to Delhi following the partition of India in like uh uh 1947, but desiring to move beyond accompaniment and frustrated with okay I mean okay his supporting role, Narayan moved to Mumbai to work in Indian cinema in 1949.
In 2004, Dragić joined Ilirija of the Slovenian 1B league for the 2004 -- 05 season.
The 2000 -- 01 season saw Manchester City relegated, I mean um I mean however, Tiatto performed well for the struggling club, and won so so you know Manchester City's Player of the Year award for the season.
In December 1944, the 352nd received orders to deploy to so okay so a remote field in Belgium designated 'Y - 29' and after arriving on the 22nd, began operating on the 24th.
The Emergency Services (Obstruction) Act 2006 (c. 39) is um like um an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom intended you know okay so to reduce the instances of obstruction of, or assaults, on emergency service personnel.
The third book in the series, 'The well okay you know Mammoth Hunters' was released in Fall 1985, and details Ayla's I mean I mean you know personal growth as she learns to cope with a society like um like of widely disparate individuals and their unpredictable behaviors and mysterious motivations and habits.
Despite the fact that it is sometimes called the like um so otaheite cashew, 'Syzygium malaccense' is not related to cashew um uh uh -- an important distinction because cashew nuts (but not okay so well cashew fruits) may trigger allergic reactions while rose apple fruit has not been observed to do so.
Edison approved of Ford's automobile experimentation; encouraged by him, Ford okay like I mean designed and built a second vehicle, completing it in 1898.
After the war he returned to the Treasury and in 1921 so like well he became Principal Private Secretary to the Chancellor uh well um of the Exchequer, serving several successive Chancellors including Winston Churchill.
The new features include an additional seating area, bicycle storage and the area is also being completely pedestrianised.
Six new Alstom Coradia LINT trainsets were purchased in I mean so um order to replace and retire the 3 Bombardier I mean um I mean Talent trainsets which, along with the 2 extra passing loops, will well so uh double the number of trains on the line to four and reduce wait times.
Bo Saris was born in Venlo, Netherlands, and now resides in London, England.
She studied painting at the Imperial Academy of Arts in so you know uh Saint Petersburg (Императорская Академия художеств) between 1891 um so well and 1901 and was entitled 'artist' (Russian: художника) for her picture 'B' ehind the scenes '(' За кулисами' ).
He argues that because paper companies have incentives to replenish um well you know their forests, large demands for paper lead to large forests, while reduced demand for paper leads to fewer 'farmed' forests.
As late as 1905 there were still Chinese miners I mean uh well that continued to work in the American Canyon, but by that like so okay time they were quite elderly and numbered fewer than ten.
A Green - oriented Elvish planeswalker originated from the plane of you know like um Zendikar that uses the raw energy of her own well okay you know plane to defend herseelf and her kin from an ancient alien menace.
Agnieszka Chylińska and Małgorzata Foremniak returned as well okay um judges and were joined by Ukrainian sand artist Tetiana Galitsyna, who received PLN 300, 000.
Dermot Richard Claud Chichester, 7th Marquess of Donegall, LVO (18 well like you know April 1916 -- 19 April 2007) was the second um you know um son of Arthur Chichester, 4th Baron Templemore, whom he succeeded in the Barony.
The album was produced and arranged by Henry like um well 'Junjo' Lawes, The Riddim Tracks were recorded at Channel One and um um uh played by The Roots Radics Band, All the tracks were mixed by Scientist at King Tubby's Studio.
Students applying for degree candidacy must successfully complete three um well okay 4 - credit liberal arts courses at Harvard um well okay with at least a B grade, and maintain a um I mean well minimum 3. 0 cumulative GPA; one of these three you know so uh pre-admission courses must be EXPO E- 25 Expository Writing.
Hannia Guillen (born 1982 in Ciego de Ávila, Cuba) is uh you know uh a Cuban - American actress best known for her portrayal um you know you know of Paloma Lopez - Fitzgerald on the NBC daytime television soap opera 'Passions' from October 16, 2007 to 2008.
His funeral was attended by over 100, 000 people and well well well there was widespread sadness at his death; he was a so okay well popular player with both cricketers and spectators due to his attacking batting and his warm personality.
Neil Clark (born 8 October 1981) is currently um I mean okay a rugby union player for Exeter Chiefs in the Aviva Premiership.
Mineral ore could now be brought relatively conveniently to well you know okay market; this not only brought about transfer of the so uh I mean transportation from other routes to the canal, but it encouraged further exploration and mineral extraction, which then augmented carrying on the canal.
After getting a negative response from them, he himself like I mean like implemented the Group Mediclaim Policy for the needy 22, 450 families uh so um in Ghatkopar, covering people, having a sum assured so uh like of Rs. 50, 000 / - per family, through Oriental Insurance Company.
A few years later, when Grinstead's family relocated to Whitesboro, Texas, I mean so so he chose to remain remain in Indian Territory, where he supported uh so so himself by working a variety of odd jobs before finding fulltime employment as a printer with The Ardmore Weekly Courier.
Michael Armand Hammer (born September 8, 1955) is the I mean I mean well son of Julian Armand Hammer and the grandson of American industrialist and philanthropist Armand Hammer.
With a guard's compartment in the centre and well okay okay two large areas either side for storing luggage well you know okay they were a very versatile type of coach and could okay uh well be found all over the British Railways network and some I mean um okay are still in use today - although not in conventional use.
The clothes line wraps around Tod's neck, and slowly suffocates so I mean I mean him as he desperately attempts to free himself, but he eventually dies.
The Yumbo name refers to a smaller snack based sandwich from uh well like the 1970s and early 1980s of the same name which you know so so was a hot ham and cheese sandwich served on a hamburger roll.
In February 1781, the Scindias lost a battle to the British well okay um there, which resulted in a mutual - defense treaty the following October.
The exhaust exited through vectoring nozzles in the center of gravity which were vectorable through about 90º.
Berdella died of a heart attack in 1992 okay uh like at Jefferson City Correctional Center, after writing letters to a minister I mean like I mean claiming the prison officials were not giving him his heart medication.
Her style has been referred to as 'Amy Winehouse meets so well um Lily Allen', a description she's very proud of, citing Rihanna, Beyoncé and Dusty Springfield as additional influences.
Prior to August 19, 2006, the exam was well uh okay a paper - and - pencil test; since January 27, I mean so well 2007, however, all administrations of the exam have been computer - based.
Food and drink is permitted during the shows, which are free, though donations are encouraged.
He toured with Dead Can Dance in the nineties so like like but since the Spiritchaser tour in 1996 he has focussed his energies on Kíla and his solo work.
Work began to accelerate in 2000, with the section between Interstate um well you know 35 and U. S. Route 65 becoming four lanes that year.
Leaving the university without graduating, she travelled to the United well uh so States, where she studied at Columbia University and met her first husband.
A few other dogs played Petey but Lucenay's Peter was the most so like well famous, after being fired from the Our Gang well uh like series Harry Lucenay retired Pete to Atlantic City N well okay okay. J. Where he was photographed with children at the famed Steel Pier.
Originally built in 1942 as the home 216 Maintenance Unit uh so I mean RAF, the site was renamed St George'sBarracks and went so uh you know on to become the regional centre for infantry training as the Fusilier Brigade Depot in 1960.
It is known for containing amygdalin, a poisonous compound well well uh that, together with the related synthetic compound laetrile, has been marketed as an alternative cancer treatment.
Gail Charlene Boggs (born August 10, 1951 in Montclair, New okay you know uh Jersey) is an American actress best known for her role as Louise Brown in the 1990 film 'Ghost'.
The Pancor Jackhammer is fully automatic and thus well well I mean classified as a machine gun by the United okay okay so States and are regulated as such by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives.
Bjerkreim is a municipality in the county of Rogaland, Norway, in the southwestern part of the country.
A native of the United Kingdom, Payne has uh well well long been an outspoken critic of bans on online gambling well uh well and an ardent supporter of legalization and regulation of the industry.
Widely characterized as a 'Zionist epic', 'Cinema and the Shoah: an art confronts the tragedy of the twentieth century'.
It was concluded that this crash was a um okay uh type known as C. F. I. T. (Controlled Flight Into well I mean I mean Terrain) and that there were no defects with the aircraft I mean okay well or its systems which contributed to the crash, for this like okay um the failure to read the instruments correctly rests with the captain.
In some mosques there is a platform ( 'müezzin um like um mahfili' in Turkish ) opposite the minbar where the assistant of the Imam, the muezzin, stands during prayer.
Mohamed A. Omaar is the elder son of Abdullahi uh so you know Omaar the famous elder and businesman, he was born in um um well Hargaisa in 1st of July 1953, his young brothers so uh um are Raqiya Omaar the Human rights advocate and the famous journalist Rageh Omaar.
Naeun was a JYP Entertainment trainee and made a cameo appearance in Got7's MV for 'Stop Stop It'.
He is best known for his time in WWE under well like well the ring name Simon Gotch, where he held the NXT well okay uh Tag Team Championship as one - half of The Vaudevillains along with Aiden English.
After moving to Melbourne, Australia to teach Traditional Wing Chun professionally in you know you know like 1973, Cheung established his wing chun studio in Melbourne's CBD, which attracts hundreds of new students each year.
He attended public school in St. Joseph, Missouri, and the Western Military Academy in Newcastle, Kentucky.
Yangyang has since been suspended, as Yangyang International you know well um Airport was closed in late 2008, currently no inter-Korean flights run according to laws in both countries.
Susan Marie Groppi won the in 2010 for her work like like um as Editor - in - Chief on 'Strange Horizons', and the uh um so magazine itself was nominated for the Best Website Hugo Award in 2002 and 2005.
Mersin İdmanyurdu took place in 1990 -- 91 Second um I mean well League in Group C and finished 3rd with 19 wins and 69 goals.
William Lawson - (14 March 1772 -- 25 Auguast, 1848) so well you know was a businessman, office holder, justice of the peace, and so so okay politician born in Halifax, Nova Scotia, in Canada, and the son of John Lawson and Sarah Shatford.
On November 3, 1896, Russell was elected Governor of North Carolina and served one - four year term.
John Adam Belushi (; January 24, 1949 -- March like well okay 5, 1982 ) was an American comedian, actor, and musician, best like you know uh known as one of the original cast members of the NBC sketch comedy show 'Saturday Night Live'.
He is the older brother of Tom Axworthy, MA and okay um um PhD from Princeton University in 1963 and 1972 uh so like respectively, returning to Canada to teach at the University of Manitoba and the University of Winnipeg.
WMMB's transmitter is located in southern Brevard County, Florida and it's content is simulcast in North Brevard on it's sister station 1350AM WMMV.
Graves did this as comic relief in the novel, but in reality she did not have a reputation of gluttony.
David William 'Hughesy' Hughes (born 26 November 1970) is an Australian stand - up comedian, radio and television presenter.
This track cycling event consists of a single race well so okay in which the cyclist with the most points at the end of the race wins.
It was located about two miles southeast of present - um you know I mean day town of Marshfield and was the site so so you know of the first meetings of the township trustees in the 1830s.
Macbeth in Munich, Traviata at Wiener Staatsoper at September 2012 I mean um um the Duke in 'Rigoletto' San Francisco Opera, conducted by M ° Luisotti.
In foreign policy, Fillmore supported U. S. Naval expeditions okay I mean um to open trade in Japan, opposed French designs on Hawaii, and was embarrassed by Narciso López's filibuster expeditions to Cuba.
The Authority also sought to help control flooding on the well okay so lower Mississippi River, especially in the aftermath of the Ohio well you know okay River flood of 1937, as research had shown that 4 okay you know uh % of the water in the lower Mississippi originates in the Tennessee River watershed.
Serena's sudden change in mood convinced Scott that she uh okay you know was too embarrassed to be seen with him, and this I mean so like incident went on to mar his first day at the school I mean so um where his over-eagerness and clumsiness made it difficult for him to fit in.
Nevzorov Haute Ecole (NHE) - is a modern school um um um created by Alexander Nevzorov and is based on the ancient Haute Ecole principles and human horse treatment.
Governments are particularly susceptible to accusations of cronyism as they I mean I mean uh spend public money this is why democratic governments are you know I mean I mean encouraged to have transparency in their accounting and contracting processes.
Broomfield was born in West Palm Beach, Florida, um like uh and grew up as part of a family group, La Voyage, playing in local clubs.
Major Paul I. 'Pappy' Gunn modified some USAAF Douglas A- 20 like okay I mean Havoc light bombers by installing four machine guns in their noses, you know well well and two fuel tanks were added to give the aircraft more range.
After the establishment of the National Science and Technology Development I mean I mean uh Agency (NSTDA) on 30 December 1991, BIOTEC became one so uh well of the NSTDA centers, operating outside the normal framework of civil service and state enterprises.
The flagging duties were moved to the new perch, I mean so like previously they were done from a small trackside platform, and prior to that, on the race track itself.
Joseph left the family business and received his B. A. From so um I mean Boston College, started working as a bond trader um uh well at Merrill Lynch on Wall Street, but after a year returned to the family's restaurant business.
The reserve includes a trail (Mill Trail) and medieval bridges like uh okay and is home to several habitats including a well um uh poplar plantation, reedbed and species - rich wet meadows.
She used it to burst out of the tanker, so okay well destroying any White Whale members that were near, and okay um like to form giant robotic suits of armour around herself and her teammates.
Younger uncle Karunai Prakasar get married and wrote more than five books in Tamil.
Clifford Herschel Moore, Ph. D. (1866 -) um well I mean was an American Latin scholar, born at Sudbury, Mass okay well uh. , and educated at Harvard (A. B. , 1889) and in Europe at Munich (Ph. D. , 1897).
It also made for easy entry through the driver's like so uh door and no cold steel up a driver's leg you know well you know but the petrol tank was in the scuttle and you know you know um its filler was above the gear lever in the centre of the dashboard.
It is not acceptable to delete information from an article so you know so because it spoils the plot if that would interfere with, encyclopedic okay um I mean tone, completeness, or any other element of article quality (for example, the).
It is 'red, smooth and shiny', its epithelium is thinner you know I mean I mean than that of the gums, is non-keratinized, and is not connected to underlying tissue by rete pegs.
Its natural habitat is rivers and it is threatened by habitat loss.
Nevertheless, his criminal record would include over 20 arrests and um you know um convictions and, in January 1909, he was finally convicted of grand larceny and sentenced to 20 years imprisonment.
It reached also the top position on the Canadian Adult Contemporary you know uh you know Chart, and was a top 10 hit in Denmark, Italy, so uh okay Switzerland, France, and Canada where it was certified gold for selling over 20, 000 digital downloads.
At the end of the race Axwell wins and a I mean you know okay photo finish photograph is taken and it comes out and gets blown away into the desert.
Al Wilson finally won the Schenley award for Most Outstanding Offensive um like like Lineman and receiver / return Leon Bright captured the Schenley Rookie award.
Stuart Hanlon is a criminal defense lawyer based in okay so well San Francisco, California who defended Geronimo Pratt and members of the Symbionese Liberation Army.
This appears fairly straightforward at this point; no apparent problems as yet.
Mystery Incorporated', Abin Sur in', and various teachers in so um so 'Recess', one of the mail men in 'Rugrats', and various characters in 'The Buzz On Maggie'.
It was first published in the horror anthology 'Shock um okay you know Rock' and later included in King's collection 'Nightmares & okay so okay Dreamscapes', concerning a young couple on a road trip so well I mean in Oregon when they accidentally wander into a small town inhabited by dead musicians.
Alma reserves her life to manage day - to uh um well - day tasks in the house, and be a 24 um I mean so hour personal - companion to whatever Johan demands her to do, be or perform at any particular moment.
Russell, the leader of the robbers, demands food and okay um uh the police supply them with pizzas whose boxes include listening devices.
Noel Gugliemi (born in 1970 in Santa Monica, California) uh I mean I mean is an American actor born to an Italian father and a Mexican mother.
In May 1938 a new constitution was adopted, which echoed the uh I mean well previous constitution's statement that Vilnius was the permanent capital of Lithuania and that Kaunas was merely a temporary capital.
Freudenstadt is a town in Baden - Württemberg, Germany, and is capital of the district Freudenstadt.
Although L'Enfant designed city's original street layout in so you know I mean 1791, surveyor Washington County (on the Maryland side of the Potomac) and Alexandria County (on the Virginia side).
The 1873 grist mill is a three - story structure um well well set into the hill, with a frame board and batten like okay well - clad third story set on a two - story stone foundation.
Programs in the ROM modules could be called from okay I mean um a user program, using the ubiquitous XEQ function, that uh okay so appeared as 'XROM' when used to refer to a ROM program.
José María Caro Martínez was elected the first Mayor, and formalized the city plan in 1894.
Matters worsened for Maximilian after the French armies um like um withdrew from Mexico in 1866, and he was captured and executed by the Mexican government in 1867.
Rebecca's boss is replaced yet again, who is interested in her and decides to reassign Rebecca as manager.
In 2001, Adut completed a TAFE course equivalent to like well like a high school certificate, then went on to complete an Advanced Diploma in Accounting at TAFE.
He announces over the intercom that the staff and prisoners like okay I mean are free to leave through the one available okay okay you know exit - the front door and that he is taking back the Asulymn that is his family heritage.
Finally, I got my first computer when I was 7, so I mean um a Windows Vista Laptop, inspiron 1525, two and you know I mean I mean an half years later I got a toshiba satellite laptop well uh so with Windows 7 but within a year the casing started to split.
The original mission duration was to be only three years, I mean like I mean but in June 2005, 14 years after the well okay okay satellite's launch, six of its ten instruments were still operational.
Olav Terje Bergo is chief editor of Bergensavisen BA, okay I mean I mean a post he has held since 1984, and was chairman uh okay okay of the board of the Norwegian Media Business organization from 2002 to 2005.
Mini-Me can't talk, and often expresses himself so you know so with writing, but uses his middle finger to insult someone whenever necessary (See Mini-Me).
Empress Genshō was an elder sister of Emperor like I mean I mean Mommu and daughter of Prince Kusakabe and his wife and later well uh I mean Empress Empress Gemmei, therefore a granddaughter of Emperor Temmu so you know okay and Empress Jitō by her father and a granddaughter of Emperor Tenji through her mother.
The initial route was to run from Chattanooga to a spot you know um okay called simply 'Terminus,' located east of the Chattahoochee River, which like like uh would eventually be linked to the Georgia Railroad from Augusta um like so and the Macon and Western Railroad, which ran from Macon to Savannah.
Kreon was a fictional character featured in comic books published by DC Comics he was a Green Lantern from the world of Tebis.
Alice Lucille McCoy (born March 29, 1948) was a um okay okay Republican State Representative from District 35 in Pennington County, South Dakota from 1999 to 2006.
The investment in Sampoerna represented a strategic move you know uh so for Altria, as although Marlboro is by far the like like well most popular Western - style (non kretek cigarette), most Indonesians still smoke kretek cigarettes.
The Executive Director is Cindy Cohn, she held the office uh like well of Legal Director at EFF from 2000 - 2015.
He graduated Boston College, the Columbia University Graduate School of you know uh um Journalism (with honors), and was a 1965 Society of Nieman Fellows at Harvard University.
Active shutter 3D systems are used to present I mean like like 3D films in some theaters, and they can be used uh like well to present 3D images on CRT, plasma, LCD and other types of video displays.
Some of the problems with viewing consonant gradation in Finnish I mean I mean you know as purely an issue of syllable structure is that um um okay the language has undergone various phonetic changes due you know you know I mean to which not all weak grades occur in closed syllables, and not all strong grades occur in open syllables.
A quantitative trait locus (QTL) is a region of you know um you know DNA that is associated with a particular phenotypic trait - these QTLs are often found on different chromosomes.
Prior to his appointment as the Secretary of the I mean well um Department of Health, Flavier went to serve village folk in I mean like okay Nueva Ecija and Cavite, and became president of the Philippine Rural Reconstruction Movement in 1967.
The project for the church was entrusted by the um well okay engineer Maggi, and on August 8 1926, Monsignor Roberto Colombo placed the first stone of the church.
In case of febrile seizures, medical advice can be like okay like sought for reassurance, however febrile seizures are not I mean okay so harmful, do not require treatment, and have no long term negative effects unless they last longer than five minutes.
The first church on the site was dedicated to St uh you know so Peter and described as the Church of Westleigh in well so um Leigh, its dedication changed to St Mary the Virgin at the end of the 14th century.
Born and raised in Hyderabad, she is the granddaughter of statesmen Muhammad Saleh Akbar Hydari and J. Rameshwar Rao.
Police believe her death was gang - related, coincidentally mirroring her um okay uh most well - known role - although they okay you know um also speculate she was not a gang member herself, I mean um you know rather she was simply at the wrong place at the wrong time.
It was also a controversial production, as its stories were so um so partly based on real people and events, and several well um you know years passed before it was adapted from a play well well well performed by the Royal Shakespeare Company, due in part to the BBC's fear of litigation.
In 1964, a broad swathe was cut through this small like okay I mean forest for electrical power lines, despite the area being surrounded by clear country and declared a protected area.
This is the most basic of the CDC um you know you know family of profiles hackedis a set of Java APIs okay well like tuned for low - footprint devices that have limited resources okay you know um that do not need a graphical user interface system.
The first Bentley capable of running on you know like I mean both petrol (gasoline) and biofuel (E85 ethanol), its 6. 0 like okay I mean litre W12 engine was rated at 6, 000 rpm and at 1, 700 - 5, 600 rpm - using either fuel.
Robert Nugent Dunbar (died 1866), poet, lived many years in the Antilles and elsewhere in the West Indies.
As Austin confronts Dr. Evil, Dr. Evil gives him a choice: save you know so well the world or Felicity, who is locked in a chamber with poison gas.
Cleveland has four trains per day, all but one run in the middle of the night.
The main problem was proof of guilt and thus the Redferns are about to depart with smugness.
Before the founding of Russellville, a small town located well I mean um on the Arkansas River, called Norristown, served as the county seat from 1830 - 1840.
Russell admitted that he molested Susan when she was a uh like like teenager and had consensual sex with her as an adult. As Susan was growing up she faced many hard times.
The building was then turned into a railway heritage centre I mean uh I mean in 1979 by the Butetown Historic Railway Society and by uh like um 1994 started to run steam hauled passenger services up 500m of track.
Sol Joel Park is a public park in Earley, a you know um okay suburb in east Reading, Berkshire, England, on the Wokingham Road you know um well was given to the Corporation of Reading in 1927 by Solomon Joel.
Poon is the executive chairman of his Hong Kong well uh okay listed vehicle Dickson Concepts, which owns companies including Harvey Nichols and S. T. Dupont.
After his father's death in 1945, and after extensive I mean I mean I mean consultation with a number of Shanghai's authoritative philatelic experts and you know like well philatelic literature collectors, he compiled and supplemented um uh um his father's original manuscripts and then translated the entire work from traditional Chinese to English.
Madison Smartt Bell (August 1, 1957 -) was born and raised in Tennessee.
The song, which describes the speaker's desire to retreat from you know okay um other people to the ocean, is among the okay I mean okay most famous works of both artists and has been covered by many other notable performers.
Fisher and her mother appear together in' (2016), a documentary about uh you know well their relationship that premiered at the 2016 Cannes Film Festival.
Because of fear to be delivered to Sowjetunion Backe hang himself in his cell on 6 April 1947.
H. P is also a character in the I mean I mean you know video game Oh Sir! the insult simulator which is created by Vile Monarch.
The grandson of Tokugawa Yoshikatsu, the last lord of Owari like like okay han, he served as chamberlain during World War II. Yoshihiro was so um like famous for saving the recording of Emperor Hirohito's surrender okay so um address from destruction by army officials who wished to continue the war.
Priest returns to the city and confronts Monsignor Orelas, telling like like so him of the burnt train containing the vampires' bodies, which he so I mean okay proves by throwing a vampire head onto the floor.
Carvalho then enrolled at the University of Hawaii well um so on a full football athletic scholarship, where he earned a bachelor's degree in communications and public relations in 1983.
It can be easier to lose than a flying disc, I mean uh you know especially over long distances: its low profile can make it hard you know so uh to spot on the ground, and, in particular, it gets caught on tree branches more easily.
Champion of Torm, Dwarven Defender, Pale Master, Red Dragon okay okay you know Disciple, Shifter, and Weapon Master; and other new features such you know like like as the ability to hire two henchman at once and the okay so like increase of the maximum attainable character level from 20 to 40.
However, in the end McDuff opted to use a uh you know uh piece of broomstick from his car, he choked Sullivan, so um you know and then he and Green dumped her body in some bushes.
During Allama Azmi's stay in the UK, he received an well okay like offer to manage the Asharafiya University, generated by Huzoor Hafiz - e - Millat.
The six episode series was filmed in Khoo's Paris so okay well kitchen, and began airing on British TV on 19 March 2012.
Some have later chambers that are flared out like a fan, others are shaped like leaves.
Forensic investigators entered the flat as police cordoned off okay I mean uh the street outside; they recovered one small and two large bottles of vodka from her room.
The 2008 Patriot League Men's Basketball Tournament, a part of like I mean well the 2007 - 08 NCAA Division I men's basketball so well um season, took place on March 5, 2008 so uh uh as a single - elimination tournament, with games being played at the higher seeds' home courts.
The ABC affiliation for the Columbus - Tupelo - West well I mean so Point market will move to the of WTVA; before this okay um okay announcement, Comcast had planned to import an out - of - market ABC affiliate.
Wiebe co-founded the 'Cincinnati Poetry Review' in 1975, and the Cincinnati Writer's Project (CWP) in 1987.
They are known to lurk in crevices among rocky debris, feeding like uh I mean on tiny, stray springtails and flies that are blown up the mountainside from lower altitudes.
Iron fittings were excavated on the eastern side of the okay okay okay aforementioned grave, of which further excavation yielded a well - preserved lock.
In the 19th century an oficial archetectural survey declared the I mean like like spire unsafe and dangerous the Town Council were ordered to take it down or make it safe.
He has reportedly spent thousands to look like the player. He also you know I mean I mean captured a little child who pretends to be Shanta's little brother.
In spite of that Russian alternative 2005 Final Festival uh like I mean was planned to be presentation of the CD, release date was so um so deelayed up to the May, 2006, because of the negotiatations well like um with Sony / BMG about track On ne changera Rien by Pleymo.
Taylor Smith is an American basketball player who recently like so you know completed an All - American college career at Stephen F. Austin State University.
He is known for his presence on YouTube playing bass you know I mean um guitar and session work, performing with Grammy Award - winning R&B artist, Ne - Yo on his fourth studio album.
Alves was in the Tony winning revival of 'Anything uh okay um Goes' with Sutton Foster and Joel Grey. He most recently starred in the 2014 Broadway revival of 'On The Town'.
She was born in Honolulu, Hawaii, and is a graduate of Sarah Lawrence College.
Civil Affairs soldiers are responsible for executing five core CA okay well okay tasks, Civil Information Management, Foreign Humanitarian Assistance, Nation Assistance, Population and Resource Control, and Support to Civil Administration.
He is best known for writing about security issues for well you know okay the 'Washington Post' SecurityFix 'blog, which he founded in March 1995, uh uh you know with dozens of his blog articles being printed in the hardcopy' Washington Post' newspaper itself.
She first sells her body to a German guard in well okay you know return for food; she becomes fond of another guard, Karl (Gianni Garko).
Ultimately, they came to the conclusion that the (unnamed) you know you know I mean choice was going to do something 'too glossy' and wanted like like um to present something more nuanced & interesting, and reached out to renowned documentary filmmaker D. A. Pennebaker,.
Edward Richard O'Malley (March 13, 1863 -- May like you know okay 30, 1935) was an American lawyer and politician who was New so well well York Attorney General and as a justice of the New York Supreme Court.
Operating system designer Linus Torvalds has criticized the default file well um I mean system of OS X, HFS Plus, saying it is um well uh 'probably the worst file - system ever', whose design is 'actively corrupting user data'.
M. H. Douglas born as Muhammad Hussain (Arabic / Persian I mean well well / Urdu: محمد حسین) was a Stunt director, well I mean um Action Director, Action Co-ordinator who choreographed fight and action scenes for many Bollywood Hits.
Father Came Too! is a British comedy film well okay okay first released in 1963, starring James Robertson Justice, Stanley Baxter, Leslie Phillips, Sally Smith, Ronnie Barker and Kenneth Cope.
In the summer of 2009, they were once again invited I mean okay uh to perform at the Montreal Jazz Fest. In uh okay like December, however, the members announced on their website they had decided to quit as a band.
The one hundredth running of the annual event was held I mean like you know in 2009; it was canceled twice due to World War I and lack of organizers in 1918 and 1919.
The Directorate - General for Energy and Transport (DG TREN), um I mean you know in operation since 1 January 2000, was created by merging you know um so the Directorate - General for Transport and the Directorate - General for Energy.
Wayne's Coffee is a Swedish - based coffee - uh you know like house chain with locations in several Scandinavian countries as well as futher out into the Baltic region.
At that time the Department of Defence was of well um well relatively little consequence in the Commonwealth government; each service okay I mean well (Navy, Army and Air Force) had its own separate department with its own minister.
It was the worst civilian aviation incident ever to take okay well you know place in Portugal until the crash of TAP Portugal Flight 425 in 1977.
David Pallett (born 8 February 1990) is an English darts player currently playing in Professional Darts Corporation events.
Sayner is also home to one of the nation's oldest summer uh okay um camps, Camp Highlands for Boys, founded in 1904, and located on the northeast end of Plum Lake.
She is the Foreign Minister of Somalia, having been named okay um you know to the position on 4 November 2012 by Prime Minister Abdi Farah Shirdon.
On 13 February 2012, 360 and Crystal Bale became engaged; you know um uh the pair then separated on 24 December 2012.
Samuel Montagu & Co. Became a wholly owned subsidiary I mean you know so in 1974, and on completion of the acquisition Midland also gained a majority share in Guyerzeller Bank AG in Switzerland.
She married Nathaniel Henry Alcock, a radiologist in 1905, I mean I mean um and moved to Canada, but he died of cancer and she returned well so like to Britain and obtained a post at the Plant Pathology I mean okay uh Laboratory, Ministry of Agriculture, Kew Gardens, which later moved to Harpenden.
In his second season, he alternated um you know well between the midfield and forward line, and with several dominant so I mean okay performances, he finished runner up in the club best and fairest.
Echo Canyon Dam was built in 1969 - 70, and okay I mean um is the farthest downstream dam on the Meadow Valley Wash.
But as the book progresses she becomes more and more violent, blaming Jess for her own deeds.
In 2005, trumpeter Rick Braun covered it on his album uh well so 'Yours Truly' and in 2006, the song was covered well so okay by Thomas Anders for his swing album 'Songs Forever'.
As a result many tree snail species were hunted like okay I mean to extinction within the first year and these predatory snails continue to represent a threat to the local snail fauna.
Many men took this day as a convenient opportunity to so like I mean spend the day drinking in the local pub like uh I mean. As a result, the original aim of expressing respect and sympathy to women was totally lost.
Devil May Cry 'changed Eva's race from human to angelic, and the character is voiced by Sarah Lafleur.
The Spirit of Atlanta Drum and Bugle Corps is a okay okay so nonprofit 501 (c) (3) organization that has a Board so okay uh of Directors, corps director, and staff assigned to carry out the organization's mission.
Root exudates from AMF host plants grown in a you know like uh liquid medium with and without phosphorus have been shown to you know okay you know affect hyphal growth. Spores of 'Gigaspora magarita' were grown in host plant exudates.
A common belief in this community is that you know like um true features would last longer (this is the you know uh I mean meaning of PERSISTENT), short persistence is nothing but noisy, though no mathematical justification is made.
Since 2003 he is full professor at ETH Zurich and so well okay since 2009 he is the Director of the Institute for Mathematical Research at ETH.
After the break - up of Austria - Hungary in I mean I mean okay 1918, the county continued to exist in Czechoslovakia, so you know uh but it was abolished in 1928 and replaced by a new territorial unit called the 'Slovak Land'.
Later, Hopkins began to pursue his interest in science, publishing well um well a paper in 'The Entomologist' on the purple vapor ejected so um well by the bombardier beetle and taking a job as an analyst in a commercial laboratory.
Paramount Pictures Corporation (known professionally as Paramount Pictures and uh um well often referred to simply as Paramount) is an um uh um American film studio based in Hollywood, California, that has so I mean you know been a subsidiary of the American media conglomerate Viacom since 1994.
Han Jung - soo (한정수) (born November 11, 1973 I mean okay so in Seoul) is a South Korean actor, best known like well okay for his roles in the television series 'The Slave Hunters' and 'Prosecutor Princess'.
He found that they were a hit worse than the you know well uh titanic, so he worked with a Dallas company to develop so like so the ICEE machine, which took him five years, replicating the consistency in slushy soft drinks.
There are 50 breeds and 80 types of animals okay you know well in the game, including Pomeranians, lions, crocodiles, tigers, giraffes, hippos, cheetahs, chimpanzees, gazelles, chickens, Beagles, Dilophosaurus, hyenas, Deinonychus, and Sika deer.
He liberated the central Serbian tribes from Bulgarian empire, so uh I mean concluded a voluntary confederation with the chiefs of Bosnia / Bosna that brought them out of Croatia's control.
In addition to the adult entertainment industry, Dior also like uh I mean had some roles in mainstream film and television, including um okay I mean guest appearances in', 'Head Over Heels', and 'Veronica's Closet', as well as directing an episode of 'Xena'.
There is tension between Stephen and Mulligan, stemming from a so um okay cruel remark Stephen has overheard Mulligan making about his recently deceased I mean I mean okay mother and from the fact that Mulligan has invited an English student, Haines, to stay with them.
It celebrated its fiftieth anniversary in 2007 and in July you know you know um 2010 expressed an interest in converting to an academy.
It was Garlan that dressed in Lord Renly's armor during the um okay you know Battle of the Blackwater, and the sight of what seemed so okay so to be a dead man leading the Tyrell / Lannister host drove many of Stannis' men into panic.
With the backing of the occupying French, Romanian troops invaded Hungary, occupying Budapest on August 6, 1919.
Pugh was born in the British West Indies as son I mean well um of a Wesleyan minister, and came to Brisbane from London in 1855.
The Georgia Railroad was built by local contractors Fannin, Grant well I mean so & Co in 1845 giving Augusta a rail link to um um uh Atlanta, which connected to the Tennessee River at Chattanooga, Tennessee, thus providing access to the Mississippi River.
The carrier, the USS Nimitz, was nuclear powered, okay uh you know but everything else, including the Nimitz's strike aircraft, ran on a like well I mean 50: 50 mix of petroleum and biofuel derived from cooking oil and algae.
The word 'story' may be used as a synonym of you know okay I mean 'narrative', it can also be used to refer to the sequence of events described in a narrative.
The Program is conducted by Jull Weber from Puerto Rico and Hony Estrella from the Dominican Republic.
The cover of the game features Steve Yzerman and Scott well okay well Stevens, and Get Ready For This by 2 Unlimited I mean you know like is used as the game's main theme (for the well well uh PC version, the game music is done by game composer Jeff van Dyck).
Once reunited with Lucifer, it will become clear that she's so so so the one he takes after. Charlotte is fearless and has a strong conviction for who she is and what she deserves.
Mountain Community Television Channel 15 (commonly known as MCTV 15) well I mean like is a small Public - access television cable okay so uh TV station, founded by Diana J. Limjoco, its first Chairman, Exec. Director, Producer.
Julie Amero is a former substitute teacher who was um well I mean previously convicted of four counts of risk of injury okay you know I mean to a minor, or impairing the morals of um I mean uh a child until on June 6, 2007 she was granted a new trial.
She walked out on their wedding, and she currently is so like like single and holds intense anger towards Richard for ruining okay you know you know their wedding, and also became furious to learn she is pregnant, even though Richard told her he got a vasectomy.
During the Boer war 22, 000 troops were treated I mean um well for wounds inflicted during battle and the Medical Department of the army mobilized 151 staff and regimental units.
One of the doctors attending him was the you know uh so neurosurgeon Hugh Cairns who consequently began a long study of um so I mean what he saw as the unnecessary loss of life by motorcycle dispatch riders through head injuries.
She sought a place for him to avoid fighting well well I mean in the Trojan War, disguising him as a woman in the court of Lycomedes, the king of Scyros.
Harry Binswanger was born and raised in Richmond, Virginia, so so uh and is a scion of Binswanger Glass Co. , founded in 1872 by Samuel Binswanger.
HFC - 227ea contains no chlorine or bromine atoms, presenting uh you know okay no ozone depletion effect, but its global warming potential is quite high.
Modeling mark - recapture data is trending um well uh towards a more integrative approach, which combines mark - recapture data with population dynamics models and other types of data.
Kaif is a celebrity spokesperson for a number of you know you know so brands ( including Slice, Nakshatra, Lux, Panasonic and uh I mean I mean L'Oréal ), and is the first Bollywood actress to inspire a Barbie doll.
North American Area code 614 is the area code well uh you know for the Columbus, Ohio metropolitan area; it is one of the original area codes established in 1947.
The Awards is an exciting annual program founded by Ghanaian DJ you know uh well and Radio presenter, Merqury Quaye. To foster the development like okay um of the Ghana music industry by rewarding and celebrating Radio, Mobile and Club DJs.
Circa 1711, Hamilton's second child and first son James well like so Hamilton was born; he went on to become a mayor of Philadelphia and a governor of the Pennsylvania colony.
The Arga is a river of Navarre, in Spain and is one of the tributaries of the river Ebro.
The Touchdown Club's longest - standing award -- first okay I mean well presented to Ohio State's Howard 'Hopalong' Cassady in okay you know well 1955 -- is given to the College Football Player of the Year.
Olivia Mcvitie, known as Liv Mcvitie is 19 years old and is one of liverpools top glamour models.
While writing 'The French Lieutenant's Woman', he was working on well okay okay the screenplay for the film adaptation of 'The Magus'; 'The Collector' well well I mean had already been adapted as a film released in 1965, gaining him further popular attention.
Although mainly a novelest, he also wrote several plays, the most famous being 'Yellow Sands'.
Pratt first appeared on the 'BRW' Rich 200 okay okay okay in 2009, following the death of his father earlier that I mean um uh year, and debuted as the richest person in Australia with a net worth of 4. 3 billion.
As noted above, his former fiancée Garbo lobbied for Gilbert to you know so like co-star with her, and he received a new seven uh uh like - year contract with MGM as a result, uh I mean so but the film failed to revive his career and he died three years later.
Had Kurtzman stayed with 'Mad', he said he would have urged Gaines well well well to include advertising, which may have allowed for higher production values, such as color interiors.
The 1st century Greek rhetorician and historian Dionysius of Halicarnassus okay so so indicates that the Roman institution of slavery began with Romulus giving like okay uh Roman fathers the right to sell their own children you know I mean well into slavery, and kept growing with the expansion of the Roman state.
She attended Saint Mary's High School in Phoenix, Arizona, I mean like okay and attended the University of Arizona State, where she well uh uh was the starting pitcher her freshman year and helped okay so well to lead the Sun Devils to the 2011 NCAA Division I national softball title.
He certainly knew 60 foreign languages, but his contemporaries, friends and scientists, claimed he knew many more.
The main transmitter is now located on the ridge between you know so you know Cullowhee and Waynesville, while there is a construction permit for booster um like uh station WWCU - FM1 in Cullowhee itself, which is somewhat blocked from the main signal by terrain shielding.
At the age of 13 he read Thomas's Elpis Israel and was um like okay subsequently baptised in 1853 at the age of 14 in the River Dee and joined the 'Baptised Believers'.
Winnie, whose Chinese name is Weili, was forced uh um okay to live with her Uncle and his two wives uh I mean so (New Aunt and Old Aunt) and never felt as loved as her uncle's true daughter, Weili's cousin, Peanut.
According to Mnaseas, again cited in Athenaeus, Glaucus abducted Syme you know well you know on a journey back from Asia, and had well you know I mean the island Syme named after her; according to Aeschrion of Samos, Glaucus was the lover of the semi-historical Hydne.
Since the end of 'the browsers wars' there have been new okay so okay browsers coming onto the scence, many of these are open source well um so meaning that they tend to have faster development and are more supportive of new standards.
A chalice may be placed on an altar or uh um like on the ground and may contain wine, whisky, water, or other liquids.
Mark Rutherford Upper School is an upper school located on Wentworth like um uh Drive in Bedford, England, named in honour of the writer uh I mean uh William Hale White who used 'Mark Rutherford' as a pseudonym.
In each episode, Rachael prepares dishes from start to well well um finish in 30 minutes or less and offers tips on how to save time during cooking.
In 2012, Nieto was sponsored by The New okay uh okay York Athletic Club and focused on making the you know uh um Olympic Team, training at the Olympic Training Center in Chula Vista, California.
Although he had planned an active post-presidency, in 1994 Reagan disclosed I mean uh I mean his diagnosis with Alzheimer's disease earlier that year, appearing okay uh um publicly for the last time at the funeral of Richard Nixon.
In general it avoids human contact, but one fatality is I mean well uh reported from a bite in 1983 when a Papuan woman was bitten and later died from an infection.
In the summer of 2010, a massive reconstruction of you know okay okay the venue was started, new side sectors with roof covers I mean okay you know were built and the media sectors were expanded in um like like order to meet the UEFA guidelines for Champions League matches.
After graduation, Holly's desire for a challenge led her to okay um you know dive into the exciting and ever - changing so um you know world of IT, where she worked with Fortune 500 companies nationwide, staffing their tech departments.
Shepherd was investigated for financial misappropriation and mishandling, like you know you know during which time it was discovered that in addition to um so uh his overspending, Shepherd had given preference to neighborhoods and areas I mean I mean um of the District in which he or his political cronies held financial interests.
He received a yellow card, upheld on appeal, in the I mean uh well quarter - final match against Denmark; this meant that so well like Nedvěd would miss the final if he received another yellow card in the semifinal against Greece.
That branch was completed in May 1900 but by 1911, so you know uh another line diverted traffic once served by the Columbia Southern and the town begin to decline.
A POJI corresponds to a Java standard interface and um well well is usually used to interfaces that are used in the JEE context to provide services.
Produced by Pawan Kalyan and Sharath Marar jointly under so so well their banners Pawan Kalyan Creative Works and Northstar Entertainment I mean um uh Pvt. Ltd. In association with Eros International, it is the sequel of Kalyan earlier film 'Gabbar Singh' (2012).
Unlike at Truk, when the fast carrier force achieved so you know so surprise and Japanese air forces could not muster a counter-attack, the well okay okay enemy knew that the Americans were coming; this time a Japanese air attack force would contest US Navy ambitions.
It was then sold by Gompers to the American War Mothers, okay you know I mean also known as the Gold Star Mothers because their well I mean I mean display of a flag with a blue star for well um so a son on active service and a gold star for a son who had been killed in action.
Kraven, realizing how useful Gog can be, decides to use you know I mean okay him in a plot to conquer the Savage Land; after you know okay uh kidnapping the visiting Gwen Stacy from a camp in like I mean um the Savage Land, Kraven and Gog battle the heroes Ka - Zar and Spider - Man.
The sole church of the Parish of Westville, St uh like so Elizabeth's Anglican Church is an Anglican Church within the um I mean um Diocese of Natal and furthermore under the Church of the Province of Southern Africa.
Khrushchev had been rapidly promoted by Kaganovich through various uh well well senior posts until 1929 when he moved to Moscow to continue his education, which he never completed.
The Commandant then becomes interested in Lisa, and he is I mean like you know amazed by her broken spirit and whatever he does well well you know to torture her does not demoralise uh so so her as she is already mentally dead, the Commantant becomes um uh well angry and burns her best friend in a pit of lime.
The Albuquerque Museum, New Mexico Museum of Natural History and okay like um Science, National Atomic Museum, and Explora! are located just to the west of Old Town.
The body was of pressed steel, incorporating a box - section so well so chassis with torsion - bar suspension on all wheels (independent so well you know at the front) and internal gear - and - pinion steering.
The first export Hawk 50 flew on 17 May you know um like 1976, this variant had been specifically designed for the dual - like um okay role of lightweight fighter and advanced trainer; it had a greater weapons capacity than the T. 1.
Mahon became the club's chairman in 1892, overseeing the like um so ground move and remained a board member after resigning from the post in 1895.
The fifth floor is off limits to hotel guests, it you know uh um also does not have a button on the elevator panel.
He was the lead singer and songwriter for Junkhouse, okay well um one of Canada's most successful alternative rock bands in the like um um 1990s, and also collaborated with Stephen Fearing and Colin Linden in the folk 'supergroup' Blackie and the Rodeo Kings.
During the 1950s, he worked steadily in movies okay like um and television, and in the early 1960s, he majored in music at the Carnegie Institute of Technology.
In the worst case, this may lead to a I mean so you know cascading series of shut downs and a um you know uh major regional blackout, such as occurred in the US Northeast um okay so blackouts of 1965, 1977, 2003, and major blackouts in other US regions in 1996 and 2011.
Napa Gamay is not related to the famous Gamay okay you know so of Beaujolais, and the name is being phased out and so uh I mean will not be allowed on California wine labels after 2007.
GM believed in the standardization of its products, that like you know well were sold to either individuals or to the corporations of uh you know you know an entire industry, while the railroads at the time, still so so um had a veritable, 'handicraft' industry of motive power (locomotive) design and construction.
In 1774, the courthouse was the site of local preparation I mean well so for the first assembly of the Virginia Convention you know um um and it considered grievances against British rule and the 'Hanover uh well like Resolves' adopted at the meeting also supported the Boston Tea Party.
It is the cleanest village in Kerala, and so so uh it can be accessed from both MC Road and NH 47.
They accused the elected government of massive corruption, abuse of power so I mean you know for their own advantage, and charged several cabinet members, including Chatichai, with 'unusual wealth'.
The Red River Rebellion of 1869 broke out, resulting in uh I mean uh the 'Manitoba Act' and that province's entry into the Canadian Confederation.
Other nearby towns are Sorano, Pitigliano, Acquapendente and Orvieto, with Onano to the northwest.
People gather at tea houses to chat, socialize, and enjoy like okay you know tea, and young people often meet at tea houses for dates.
Vonda N. McIntyre, daughter of H. Neel and Vonda uh like so B. Keith McIntyre, spent her early childhood on the um like uh east coast of the United States and in The like so you know Hague, Netherlands, before her family settled in Seattle in the early 1960s.
Freight service on the Gladstone Branch is limited, but so well so there is some, especially in Berkeley Heights. There the usual like so you know once a week freight train (Norfolk Southern), stops at Rehels chemical plant.
San Francisco enacted the same ban, and similar uh uh okay ones have been proposed or considered in other cities or states across the country.
Stephanie Lynn 'Stevie' Nicks (born May 26, 1948) is an you know uh so American singer - songwriter who is best known for so like I mean her work with Fleetwood Mac, and for her chart - topping solo career.
It included the entire party and many of the so I mean like fruit vendors. Several people died, due to a fatal blow to the head, from one of Roderick Humphery's watermelons.
It was formed during several episodes of quaternary glaciation when uh I mean you know sea levels were much lower - the analysis of uh um well stalactites found in Great Blue Hole shows that formation um so you know took place 153, 000, 66, 000, 60, 000, and 15, 000 years ago.
Joseph Christopher Carter (born March 7, 1960) is a former okay I mean so outfielder and first baseman in Major League Baseball who played from to.
The G20 and its counterparts replaced the original Chevrolet Corvair Greenbrier well well you know Van in the late 60s the model line evolved until it was replaced in 1996 by the Chevrolet Express.
Luljeta Bitri (born June 27, 1976) better known by um um okay her stage name Luli Bitri, is an Albanian Actress, often you know um okay cited for her striking presence and ability to breathe authentic life into the roles she plays.
The Brickley Engine is a patented proposal for the design uh so like of an internal combustion engine which in one embodiment uses like I mean you know opposing pistons driving a central linkage mechanism which turns the crankshaft with a single connecting rod.
About 20 % of the cases of polyhydramnios are associated you know like you know with fetal anomalies that impairs the ability of the fetus to so you know okay swallow (because the fetus normally swallows amniotic fluid and absorbs it through its intestinal villi).
When Mackinac College closed in 1970, TV evangelist Rex you know so um Humbard purchased the building as part of a nondenominational Bible like well okay college, then began using the theater and other buildings as a vacation resort.
He describes these as relatively arbitrary choices, mediated by cultural I mean like um norms and traditions, identifying 'masculinity versus feminity' as well I mean you know one of five basic dimensions in his theory of cultural dimensions.
This duo, Foster & Lloyd, received a recording contract with RCA uh well you know Records Nashville that year; between 1986 and 1990, um okay so they would record three studio albums and charted nine singles on the country charts.
He kept a journal that was published in 1807, the you know okay you know first published journal from the expedition; in it, he coined the term 'Corps of Discovery'.
The Machu Picchu arboreal chinchilla rat, 'Cuscomys oblativus', is a large I mean like well species of South American chinchilla rats, known well I mean so from remains found in 1912, buried alongside people in ancient Inca tombs at Machu Picchu in Peru.
Ultimately it is revealed that the murderer was indeed so so you know acting under the influence of Jacko Argyle, uh um I mean and that the failure of Jacko's (carefully planned) alibi okay I mean you know was, in hindsight, an ironic stroke of fate when the police failed to locate the absent Calgary.
Born in San Antonio, Texas in 1954, his I mean I mean uh family moved to the Chicago suburb of Highland Park in 1964.
Private Badel Hernández Guzmán, from the town of Humacao, you know okay uh Puerto Rico, was assigned to Company I, 65th Infantry Regiment, 3d Infantry Division.
Their musical journey started very early in life as um so um both started singing at Sunday school and through basic so like okay education and also performing in various high schools and um so so participating at occasions in their birth region, the duo temporarily moved to Accra where they eventually met.
After leaving St. George, I - 15 continues northeast uh well well and passes through the northern part of the well okay I mean city of Washington, with interchanges at Green Springs Drive, Washington Parkway, and State Street (SR - 9).
The chassis were then bodied by coach - builders um okay uh such as 'Million Guillet' in Paris and the exclusive finished models were badged as 'Rougier'.
It was more of a hit and run tank it could do 50kph easy.
Bolt Thrower announced that as they were satisfied with so okay like the 'Those Once Loyal' album, they will be indefinitely well okay um postponing the recording of another LP, as their well um I mean goal was always to stop after releasing 'the perfect Bolt Thrower album'.
SU - 122 were used in numerous battles on the so so well Eastern Front including Battle of Kursk (Battle of Prokhorovka, they also uh okay okay took part in recapturing of Orel and in the subsequent pursuit) and Fourth Battle of Kharkov.
Rapid growth of industry drastically changed the city itself like um like - by the early 1960s the population exceeded the like uh um 100, 000 mark (three times bigger than the pre-World War II okay you know well population), and by 1970 it became the largest city in the Vologda Oblast ahead of Vologda itself.
Skarbek showed her penchant for stratagem when she like well so and Kowerski were arrested by the Gestapo in January like like well 1941; and she won their release, feigning symptoms of pulmonary tuberculosis by biting her tongue until it bled.
In 2011, he played for the Lake Elsinore Storm okay like like of the Class A-Advanced California League setting single - season uh you know so club records with 22 home runs and 111 RBIs, and was named a postseason All - Star.
According to Watanabe, the Soka Gakkai has rocked I mean like um established notions and hierarchies in Japan from its earliest um so so years when Makiguchi questioned the imperial system along with established institutions such as public education, the military, and clerical authority.
Shi Qian stole the innkeeper's mother hen and was caught by okay I mean uh the Zhus but Yang Xiong and Shi Xiu escaped.
The Virginia classics are a traveling softball team in the like okay um Hampton roads area of Virginia there a 4 year softball team.
Udonis Johneal Haslem (born June 9, 1980) is an okay uh uh American professional basketball player who is currently a free agent in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Brandon Pirri (born April 10, 1991) is a Canadian professional so well like ice hockey centre, currently playing in the Chicago Blackhawks organization.
The Bears looked to improve upon their 6 -- I mean I mean uh 10 record from 2015; however, they suffered a second consecutive well uh I mean 0 -- 3 start, and were plagued by injuries to 11 of their 22 starting players by week 13.
Within months of his first arrest, Pérez was involved in so uh um a trashed - hotel - room incident; he and two like like so members of Selena y Los Dinos were intoxicated you know well well and began wrestling in a room, breaking the door and punching holes in the walls.
The book is the longest running coin price guide; the first edition, dated 1947, went on sale November 1946.
Liberty Hall also went by the name of Alfred Hardy & I mean like um Son Blacksmith Shop, was a small brick building located on Route 79 in the small section of Morganville.
Males arrive earlier than females at breeding sites to um so like establish territories because defending territories with more nesting sites and food usually attract more females.
The County Hall is a 16 - storey office block like I mean um owned by Cork County Council and housing its um so like administrative headquarters, the building is located in Carrigrohane Road in the city of Cork.
Dewey - Hagborg's 'Totem' (2010) was a site - specific I mean you know you know multimedia sculpture: an idol designed to explore the implications of language and artificial intelligence using machine learning technology.
Later, Liz tells Jack not interfere in her relationship with Carol, you know you know so as she believes she has the perfect relationship with him I mean well so and reveals that she is imitating her life as chef Ina Garten of the Food Network show 'Barefoot Contessa'.
During this second explosion instead of taking cover well like so Tara scrambles for her pain pills and Wolfe seeing this later confronts like okay you know her about being an addict, though she swears she is fine.
On June 6, 2010 a weak tornado touched down and I mean so like damaged the Fermi 2 generator building and forced an you know well you know automatic shutdown leaving over 30, 000 people without power in the area.
In the 'Yellow Emperor's Inner Canon', there are 9 kind like I mean I mean of needles, the needle most common used is 7th which is seen in any acupuncture clinic now.
Various elements and obstacles are introduced as one you know well well moves on to new levels, which means that the um well okay complexity and level of puzzle solving required gradually increases as they progress through the game.
John E. Kellerd played 'Hamlet' for 102 performances in okay like um 1912 - 13, arguably Some disclaim Kellerd's record because he played other parts in repertory during the run.
The majority of victims seeking advice are female and aged between well you know like 18 and 23; it can have harmful effects on a uh well uh girl's education and development, and may expose girls to social isolation or abuse.
Cravat (1935 -- 1954) was an American record - so uh um setting Thoroughbred racehorse who won races on both dirt and um you know I mean turf that today are Grade 1 events and in so I mean okay the U. S. Triple Crown series, finished second so like uh in the Preakness Stakes and third in the Belmont Stakes.
Masood was known to police due to a you know you know okay number of prior criminal convictions, the oldest conviction was criminal damage like um uh in 1983 and the most recent was knife possession in December 2003.
The following season he went on to play uh uh like twentyone games, scoring fifteen goals for the North Wales club so so so before signing an eighteen month contract with The New Saints on 19 January 2010.
Currently there are very few Jews in Kosovo, according to Čeda Prlinčević, the leader of Pristina's small Jewish community.
Data input required intermediate processing via punched well you know well paper tape or card and separate input so so you know to a repetitive, labor intensive task, removed from user control and error - prone.
The Nevada City Downtown Historic District is a historic um so okay district in Nevada City, California that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
It is easy to get involved in the fiesta so so you know even not knowing the language and to live the Carnival you know uh uh and on Saturday everyone wears a costume, which many times is related to the most polemical news.
He won a pair of tune - up fights, then uh you know I mean faced contender Oba Carr in February 1999 where uh well uh Carr beat him on a 10 - round unanimous decision.
To assist in garnering public support for her projects, she like okay like founded and was president of the Michigan Parks Association, um uh well a group that was instrumental in passing a like uh like 100 million dollar state bond issue for parks and recreation in 1969.
The 2008/09 season saw the addition of a team from Logan, you know so um Queensland, the first team from South - East Queensland in over 10 years.
Various types of ceremonial pipes have been used by multiple Native I mean um like American cultures, with the style of pipe, materials smoked, um like um and ceremonies being unique to the distinct religions of those nations.
It was built in 1837 and closed down ten I mean I mean uh years later, but during the American Civil War the furnace came into use again.
In 1919 her family moved to Chicago and well uh um she began studying piano; in the 1920s she began taking gigs in clubs and broadcast on radio.
The majority of LBP does not have a clear cause but okay uh um is believed to be the result of non-serious muscle or skeletal problems such as sprains or strains.
It featured live performances of Pakistani singers Ali so you know well Azmat, Faakhir Mehmood, Ali Zafar alongside Overload band. The Crowd was sold out and spectators enjoyed the closing ceremony.
The red - staining inocybe was first described by Axel Gudbrand okay okay you know Blytt in 1904 as 'Inocybe erubescens', though was widely known like I mean okay for many years as 'I. Patouillardii', named by Italian so so like Giacomo Bresadola in 1905 after the French botanist Narcisse Théophile Patouillard.
Designed by WZMH Architects, the building is listed as being 28 you know okay so stories tall, though the tower / observation deck extends I mean so I mean above the 28 office floors (claimed to be approximately 44 stories in total).
Third, Haplogroup C4 is the predominant male lineage among uh like um the indigenous Australians and Haplogroup C5, which is found at an extremely low frequency in South Asia.
Calvin Hill (born January 2, 1947in the Turners Station you know I mean I mean neighborhood of Dundalk, Maryland) was a running back with a 12 year National Football League career from 1969 to 1981.
He studied at the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts in okay I mean okay Philadelphia, then joined a United States government survey expedition on the Pacific coast.
The family was then exiled and briefly gathered like um like in Portugal, where her parents decided to separate; she so uh you know and her siblings went with their mother to Switzerland while their father remained in Portugal.
The 5th Animation Nation festival will be held from 24 October well you know um to 2 November 2008 at Alliance Française de Singapour and the National Museum of Singapore's Gallery Theatre.
The complex was opened in 1965 and the larger, you know okay okay ice hockey arena has a seating capacity of 7, 000 people.
The availability of timber also influenced the style of architecture with you know um okay timber buildings prevailing in Scandinavia, and the availability of timber methods of roof construction across Europe.
Leslie Lemke was prematurely born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin with glaucoma, cerebral palsy, and brain damage.
Marathon County (UWMC), part of the University of Wisconsin Colleges, is um okay okay a two - year campus of the University of Wisconsin System I mean um you know located near downtown Wausau, Wisconsin, United States, adjacent to Marathon Park.
Tatarkiewicz educated generations of Polish philosophers, estheticians and art well so um historians, as well as interested laymen, and posthumously continues like you know you know to do so through his famous three - volume 'History of Philosophy' ( Polish: 'Historia filozofii' ) and numerous other works.
In 1947, archaeologist John Goggin described the three I mean so well periods after examining shell mounds on Matecumbe Key, Gordon Pass so uh um near modern - day Naples, and south of Lake Okeechobee near modern - day Belle Glade.
Use a of variety of delivery methods and learning approaches, including so uh like lecture, discussion, hands - on activities, projects, cases, internet - like you know like based interaction, etc. These should be accessible to so well okay students with a wide range of abilities, backgrounds, and previous experiences.
In the', Gaudapada established Advaita or non-dualism on a philosophical uh uh okay basis purely on rational grounds ( 'upapatti' ) - independent of scriptural revelation.
They received an at - large bid in the like like well 2011 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament where they were upset in the second round by Richmond.
This was the 56th running of the Daytona 500, the most prestigious race in all of NASCAR.
Khurram tries to return back to the camp from the battle okay uh like but takes long time to reach as he forgets uh well I mean his way and Mumtaz Mahal dies while giving birth to her nineteenth child.
Using regular troops, then with help of the intelligence service, you know uh like the allied forces faced him on the road to Amba Alagi, and specifically, in proximity of Cherù.
V - ships is one of the world's largest ship well you know like management companies operated in Monaco and is the current Operator okay like well of the QE2, on behalf of Nackeal the company will over see the refit of the ship.
Major mistakes, such as a rider going off - okay like like pattern, result in disqualification, also called a 'no score,' which prevents like well um the horse from earning any award, even if it is the only horse in the class.
As a stopgap measure, the Israelis recommended rebooting the system's computers um you know like regularly, however, Army officials did not understand how often they needed to do so.
Ray inadvertently recalls a beloved corporate mascot from his childhood okay so I mean -- 'something that could never, ever possibly destroy us' -- and the I mean I mean uh destructor arrives in the form of a giant Stay Puft Marshmallow Man and attacks the city.
The Nazis forbade her to sing the song and so I mean okay perform on stage ever again, after this the uh so uh song went over to the Allied side, where it also became popular.
Millenia Singapore is a commercial and business area in the well okay I mean Downtown Core and sits of land reclaimed in the 1970s from Marina Bay.
He was allowed to return to South Africa in 1919, you know so so to the house his daughter, Emily Booth, had built well like so some considerable distance from Cape Town, which discouraged him from any active involvement in African affairs.
After it worked twice, the Iowa Hawkeyes blocked the third attempt; you know uh so the resulting great field position led to Iowa taking the lead, so you know okay breaking a 20 -- 20 tie on route to a 30 -- 27 win.
The British government suspected that Rhodes knew that the gold was depleted I mean well well and that Rhodes' primary aim was to settle Mashonaland and um uh um Matabeleland all along, and after that and the Jameson uh I mean I mean Raid on the Transvaal he was not trusted to the same extent.
The 1965 National Football League Championship game was the 33rd championship so uh um game for the NFL, played on January 2, 1966, at Lambeau Field in Green Bay, Wisconsin.
There is an exceptional marble fireplace, as well as a uh uh you know marble - topped bar counter, and altogether 50 different types you know well okay of marble are used, with paired marble Corinthian pilasters supporting uh uh you know the opulent ceiling, and even the chimney and the saloon walls are lined with marble.
Roosevelt decided to seat the all - white delegation, and he like okay well ran a 'lily - white' campaign in the South in 1912.
Later in the same year he purchased the 'Herald well I mean like & Tribune' in Jonesborough, Tennessee and was a delegate to the Republican National Convention in 1880, 1884, 1896, 1900, and 1904.
Nedunj Cheliyan III is referred to as the uh um okay most popular warrior among the Early Pandyas, winning a battle at like so you know Talaialanganam against a coalition of forces from Cholas and Cheras and five other kingdoms.
It has an elevation gain of and is normally open from June through mid-November.
In the 1980s and 1990s, the program was known you know okay so as The Walt Disney World Very Merry Christmas Parade or the Walt Disney World Christmas Day Parade.
Although not allowed out of Samsun, Americans like relief worker Gertude well like uh Athony observed the nearby village of Kadıköy being systematically I mean uh uh looted and its residents as well as those from other affected villages fled to Samsun for refuge.
Newlands School FCJ, Middlesbrough is a mixed Catholic, state school in Middlesbrough, North East England.
Wendy Schaal (born July 2, 1954) is an American like okay uh actress and voice actress who is best known as the voice of Francine Smith in the TV series 'American Dad!'.
