2077.txt: In the Lions first 2017 preseason game, Hyder suffered a torn Achilles, ending his 2017 season.
1128.txt: Foveated imaging is a gaze - contingency paradigm form of like uh well like digital image processing in which the image resolution, or amount I mean okay okay I mean of detail, varies across the image according to one or more 'points of gaze' or 'regions of interest'.
2058.txt: In terms of cognitive psychology, it refers to a you know uh I mean well decision - maker's dynamic knowledge and understanding, or mental model, of well well well so a complex and evolving task situation, its purpose being to enable rapid and appropriate decisions and support effective actions.
4339.txt: The school was established at São João del Rei, like I mean okay well Minas Gerais, on 1 May 1909, by Order of you know like um well Friars Minor and solidified itself as a benchmark in education, welcoming students from all over the country.
4181.txt: The match has previously been played in Cardiff Arms Park and you know uh I mean I mean St Helens, returning to Cardiff Arms Park for the 2007, um I mean I mean I mean 2008 and 2009 matches, while the 2010 match will be okay uh okay okay played at Swansea's Liberty Stadium for the first time.
2243.txt: It is the world's largest retail property group by equity like so um uh market capitalisation, yet it is still chaired by Frank Lowy, one of its founders.
2328.txt: Ivan Reitman, OC (born October 27, 1946) is a Canadian film I mean uh uh you know producer and director, best known for his comedy work, especially in the 1980s and 1990s.
4815.txt: Utkal Deepika owed its birth to the upsurge of nationalism playing a significant role in sociopolitical life of Orissa.
3998.txt: The danger arises from the airport's physical position, covered by well so I mean you know two side hills, with both ends of the runway leading to the sea.
4991.txt: Zander first gained attention after uploading his composition, well I mean uh well 'Epic Love' onto YouTube in 2008; the video, featuring um I mean so you know extensive use of tapping and harmonics, has since garnered over 380, 000 views.
3304.txt: Several restaurants and bars are also located in The uh okay um well Octagon, and in fine weather there is a considerable amount of open - air dining.
1955.txt: In July 1986, 'Hot Mix' received a permanent spot on okay so um so KZZP on Fridays and used the recording studios at KZZP to mix and record their show.
289.txt: All but one tirailleurs fell into captivity and the prisoners were taken to Culiacan prison.
3822.txt: The Rolling Stones covered the song on their second US album so okay you know uh '12 X 5' in 1964 and performed it as part of their first, October 1964, appearance on the Ed Sullivan Show.
879.txt: Dittrich was vice president of Liberal International until October 2007 like like like uh but he now works for Human Rights Watch in New you know so so uh York City, as Advocacy Director of the Lesbian Gay Bisexual & Transexual rights program.
3679.txt: The Constanţa metropolitan area, founded in 2007, comprises 14 localities I mean like you know you know located at a maximum distance of from the city, and um you know okay like with 446, 595 inhabitants it is the second largest metropolitan area in Romania, after Bucharest.
545.txt: Bedford is a local prison holding Category B male well okay uh well prisoners who have been remanded from Luton Crown Court and all magistrates' courts in Bedfordshire.
3321.txt: She becomes attracted to him and the next you know you know okay um day they share a private walk on the beach.
3154.txt: Realizing the dog is not alive, and that it I mean uh so uh is possessed, the father finally makes a special trip to Ecuador to determine how to destroy the animal.
3631.txt: The Archaeological Museum of Cherchell is located in the center uh you know you know uh of the seaport town of Cherchell in Algeria's so you know well so Tipaza Province, the Cherchell Museum houses what are widely like well okay uh considered to be the some of the best examples of Roman and Greek antiquities on the African continent.
4150.txt: The later deposits from the Tertiary, however, are of so okay I mean uh lesser importance, with only small amounts of sand and gravel being quarried near the Villmarer Galgenberg.
662.txt: But when Ryad is kidnapped by the drug dealer like well uh well Latif, Malik tracks down Latif's partner inside the prison, kidnaps his family, and forces Latif's gang to release Ryad.
13.txt: 'For All Time' was formally released to radio on February 12, 2002.
2093.txt: In the following week, J and Linda get okay okay um um married in Mexico, and on the day of their wedding they come back to their house.
4010.txt: The early missionaries who arrived in Lahaina in 1823 explained to okay you know um you know the Hawaiian Royalty the importance of an educational institution, a number of which are buried in a small grave yard.
3126.txt: Public Administration Review, 2010: pg. 681 - 690 I mean well uh like James Perry is one such scholar whose research reveals so well um you know that public servants tend to be more intrinsically motivated, okay um so you know and thus, are prone to have a negative reaction to monetary incentives.
3122.txt: Proto - prog is the advanced music I mean okay I mean uh that slightly predates the post- 1969 prog era, a time you know well well like when 'progressive rock' constituted a a diversity of loosely associated style codes.
648.txt: Burgoyne had gained the field of battle, but suffered nearly 600 okay uh I mean uh casualties, mostly in Hamilton's centre column, where the 62nd was uh so you know okay reduced to the size of a single company and three quarters of the artillery men were killed or wounded.
1757.txt: If the train must continue a journey after calling at well um um well a terminal station, the train may not continue in okay like well um a straight line through the station, it must reverse out of the station.
4508.txt: There are numerous engineers from Amraha, such as Nehal, Shakir, Nurul.
3328.txt: She co-wrote the film with Gia and Tim Grace, and also starred in the movie.
1808.txt: In 1929, he isolated and crystallized the gastric well like um okay enzyme pepsin and determined that it was a protein and you know I mean okay um in 1938 he isolated and crystallized the first bacteriophage (a I mean like you know like small virus that attacks bacteria), and determined that it was a nucleoprotein.
159.txt: According to legend, William II de Soules, who um you know like okay was lord of Hermitage Castle, was arrested and boiled alive uh uh well uh by his tenants at the site in uh I mean so uh 1320 in a cauldron suspended from the two large um okay uh well stones, on account of being a particularly oppressive and cruel landlord.
2449.txt: Khmer and Mon - Khmer make up approximately 6 um well I mean uh %, the Malays of Southern Thailand make up well well uh you know around 3 %, hill tribes like Hmong (Mien), Karen and other small hill tribes make up around 1 %.
2623.txt: Many celebrate on the 21st since many early Wiccan so you know so I mean and Neopagan sources reference this date although due to global warming it no longer falls that early.
2041.txt: In law, a precedent that is on all fours like like like I mean with the case at hand is one that almost exactly tracks it, sharing near - identical facts and issues.
1196.txt: George Gideon Oliver Osborne, (born Gideon Oliver Osborne; 23 May I mean so um like 1971) is a British Conservative Party politician, who has been um well like okay Member of Parliament (MP) for Tatton since June 2001.
4098.txt: The generic military history stubs are and; for a complete list of stubs, see and.
1758.txt: If there is no article, or an article without like I mean uh well sources, please do not add t not add links to firms' web sites.
1309.txt: He became ruler in June 530 after deposing his first uh you know well so cousin, two generations removed, Hilderic, who had angered the Vandal you know I mean uh you know nobility by converting to Catholic Christianity, most of the okay uh um okay Vandals at this time being fiercely devoted to Arian Christianity.
833.txt: Darnall is an suburb eastern Sheffield, it so I mean uh okay was initially a small hamlet usually included with Attercliffe.
609.txt: Born in Ingham, Queensland, Copley moved to Brisbane at I mean you know um uh a young age, Copley played his junior rugby league you know uh well um for the Aspley Devils and attended Wavell State High School before being signed by the Brisbane Broncos.
4573.txt: They built a large palace on the hill of Bribir, I mean so like you know an ideal place to control the surrounding territory, overseeing all roads and approaches from the sea to the hinterland.
1859.txt: In 1995, developer Geary Simon renovated the streetcar station so um so um as a food court called 'Dupont Down Under'; the project ultimately failed and shut down a year later.
2747.txt: Most bluetooth keyboards, except a few, are not compatible okay like well uh across operating systems, so compatibility of the keyboard needs you know okay okay so to be checked before purchasing one; this is because of you know okay okay so the special function keys which differ between Android and iOS.
1436.txt: He made his debut with the crime um okay you know uh film 'Nayakan' (2010), following it up with 'City of God' you know you know you know um (2011) and 'Amen' (2013), the latter being a big commercial success at the box - office.
157.txt: According to historian Stevan K. Pavlowitch, the bombing of Belgrade lasted like you know um I mean for three days, other sources state the air battle you know well so well over Belgrade lasted just two days owing to poor flying weather on 8 April.
2749.txt: Most flatcars can not carry more than one standard so okay well um 40 foot container, but if the rail line has like so I mean well been built with sufficient vertical clearance, a double - I mean uh okay you know stack car can accept a container and still leave enough clearance for another container on top.
4155.txt: The league also said there would be television coverage I mean well like um of its matches in the United States, the United you know like so you know Kingdom, France, the Czech Republic, Serbia, Southeast Asia, the uh okay um you know Middle East, Sub-Saharan Africa and countries worldwide and reach over 300 million households.
373.txt: Anna's hummingbirds can shake their bodies 55 times per okay uh um um second to shed rain while in flight or, like so like I mean in dry weather, to remove pollen or dirt from feathers.
2546.txt: Like Dieckhoff, he sent warnings to the German government advising like okay I mean okay them of President Roosevelt's hostility, and was also involved in like I mean so well several attempts to drum up American isolationist opinion, including like uh well so efforts to get American authors to write in opposition to American involvement in the War.
3961.txt: The club joined the Northern Amateur League in 1994, entering um okay so um in Division 2C, and winning five trophies, including the 2C championship in their first season.
699.txt: Cardiac magnetic resonance may also be used as a you know okay um uh diagnostic tool, and finally, cardiac catheterization may determine the extent of the regurgitation.
4020.txt: The episode was a watershed moment in the labor I mean um uh you know movement; its annual commemoration later became known as May Day, a celebration of labor.
1368.txt: He has hoodwinked the media into accepting him as um um well so the go to person for comment on issues concerning the um uh um I mean Muslim community even though he has no official standing within like uh you know I mean the community as any elected or appointed person by the community he speaks for.
3657.txt: The Buzz Feiten Tuning System is factory - installed on um like I mean like several well - known brands and qualified luthiers who are able to incorporate Feiten's formula into their instruments.
473.txt: At 6: 00 PM the troops were ordered to retreat, and so uh um uh within two hours the mob was moving about the city, so like like okay sacking shops and breaking into armories and a local gun factory to procure arms.
4479.txt: The writers of 'The Simpsons' know about the forum so okay so uh and have on several occasions read the comments made on it; I mean okay I mean okay the character Comic Book Guy is often used I mean uh uh um in the show to lampoon and respond to the newsgroups fans.
2336.txt: Jainism is a minority religion in Thailand, Malaysia, Singapore etc like okay uh well. However, the civilisation of India in general, has influenced the I mean well uh uh languages, scripts, calendars, and artistic aspects of these people and nations.
3120.txt: Proletarian nation (, ) was a concept that fascism, especially Mussolini well so like I mean used for referring to Italy and other poorer countries, subjugated by the imperialist powers, of occident.
2206.txt: It is backed by Lions Gate Entertainment and Televisa and well I mean so um made theatrical, relationships with movie exhibition chains including Regal Entertainment Group, AMC Theatres, cinemex, and Cinemark.
4019.txt: The episode continues from the previous episode Guess What's Coming I mean so I mean so to Dinner? with the mortally injured Cylon Natalie being so so I mean um taken to the sickbay where, after seeing visions of green trees, she dies.
2641.txt: Marilyn Monroe was found dead on August 5, 1962, I mean uh so you know at her 12305 Fifth Helena Drive home in Polk County of a um I mean well okay top - billed actress for a decade, and her films grossed $ 200 million by 1962.
1051.txt: Faizi goes to Switzerland to study hotel management at the okay like um um University of Lausanne and when he returns with much like um you know okay fanfare after the course, it is revealed that he okay so I mean um has secretly studied to become a chef and not hotel management.
2470.txt: Kobach is currently of counsel with IRLI, the legal arm um um well you know of FAIR, which is described as a 'hate group,' by the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC).
3053.txt: People began to socialize at ceremonial, deep pit um I mean uh okay - houses that evolved into kivas and developed rituals for rain, sunshine and a successful harvest.
1901.txt: In 2009 Alyssa choose to played as Marissa (the Flora like um I mean um Venom) one of the Darna's enemy as the story like so like um continue she got her power with Lucefera (Ang Babaeng Tuod) whom portrayed by Francine Prieto.
3308.txt: Several years before her death she moved to Bethesda, I mean okay well like Wales with her younger son, Michael Wormald, a Labour councillor on Arfon District for 12 years.
1345.txt: He got his revenge in the following Tuesday, like uh I mean well and was given the key to his legitimate hometown of uh I mean well uh Plovdiv, Bulgaria, as the mayor, Ivan Totev granted him the key to the city, as witnessed by Aiden English.
2639.txt: Maria João Mira is a Portuguese screenwriter who authored several successful telenovelas.
3920.txt: The bank remains locally owned and operated in Ogden and um I mean uh you know holds approximately $ 950 million in assets with approximately 300 employees.
1711.txt: However, in a result that far exceeded the most so okay well okay optimistic projections, the NDP took every seat in the um you know well um city, in most cases by very large margins (4, 000 votes or more).
3872.txt: The Urchin Software Configuration Management system is an free so I mean I mean well and open source initiative to provide an enterprise scale solution so um like like to managing the configuration of many software applications running on many servers across an enterprise.
4637.txt: This means that the energy requirement and the use of primary so okay okay okay energy can be considered the same, which is not the case okay uh um okay for industrial - size, common desalination plants, which are dependent on power - plants, working with fossil fuels.
3377.txt: She was a journalist with the Nine Network there before okay you know so like joining the ABC and is a graduate of Deakin University like um okay you know (Master of International Relations) and Queensland University of Technology (Bachelor of Journalism).
2275.txt: It was built in 1893 and was designed by uh so um you know noted architect Wilson Eyre to be the home of you know well well so Joseph Leidy (1823 -- 1891), a noted American paleontologist, and um uh I mean I mean sit next door to the Clarence B. Moore House, which was designed by Eyre in 1890.
1756.txt: If the subtrahend, 'y', has fewer digits than the you know so I mean uh minuend, 'x', leading zeros must be added, which will become leading nines when the complement is taken.
2671.txt: Meanwhile, Harry and Marv realize that Kevin is home alone, you know um um uh and on Christmas Eve, Kevin overhears them discussing plans to breaking into his house that night.
4311.txt: The race moved to Leopardstown from the Curragh as a you know okay so um Group 3 race in 2002, and it has been so well uh uh upgraded twice since - to Group 2 in 2003 and to Group 1 in 2004.
3879.txt: The Wenzao Ursuline Junior College of Modern Languages was okay okay well okay named after Wenzao Lo, the first Chinese Catholic Bishop uh okay you know okay and founded as an all - female school by the Ursulines in 1966.
2386.txt: John Thomas Wilder (January 31 1830 -- October 20 so okay uh you know 1917) was an officer in the Union Army during the so uh you know well American Civil War and an industrialist who was instrumental in developing the natural resources of the State of Tennessee.
2254.txt: It organizes the football league, the Faroese Formuladeildin (the Faroese okay like you know like First Division), and the Faroe Islands national football team.
3816.txt: The Red Bull RB5 was a Formula One racing car designed so I mean uh I mean by the Red Bull Racing team for the 2009 Formula I mean like like okay One season, and was driven by Sebastian Vettel, who drove like uh so okay for Red Bull's sister team Toro Rosso in the 2008 season, and Mark Webber.
861.txt: Despite the king's repeated efforts, luck each time saves uh so well like the boy, who ultimately exiles the king who ends okay um you know well up in a cursed life as a ferryman when okay um you know like he grabs the cursed ferryman's oar freeing the previous ferryman.
2312.txt: Its administrative headquarters are located in the town hall well like uh you know of Weston - super - Mare, and has a resident population of 202, 566.
2329.txt: Ivanović scored his first international goal on 12 September 2007 well you know so okay in a UEFA Euro 2008 qualifying match against Portugal I mean I mean uh you know in Lisbon; following a Dejan Stanković in - swinging okay you know like um freekick, he scored with two minutes remaining to seal a 1 -- 1 draw.
774.txt: Clothing is viewed as a mean of expression -- making so so like like all students wear the same clothes or limit them I mean uh okay I mean to what they can wear can disrupt their sense of identity.
2507.txt: Later, he led a division of the XVI Corps in you know like uh well the Red River Campaign of Maj. Gen. Nathaniel Banks, and received so uh so well the brevet rank of colonel in the regular army for his services at the action of Pleasant Hill.
1129.txt: Francis Kahata (born 7 June 1991) is a Kenyan footballer you know I mean like you know who played for Kenya national football team at the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifiers.
4994.txt: Zelchenko is an associate professor of Saint Petersburg so um so so State University; he is also a translator from Ancient Greek, concentrating on newly discovered texts.
4292.txt: The present spire was added in the late fifteenth century, replacing one blown down in 1362.
3070.txt: Phillips performed in a variety of genres, including bebop, mainstream jazz, swing, jump blues and East Coast blues.
1578.txt: Healey is a rural estate and civil parish in okay I mean I mean um Northumberland, England, situated between Riding Mill to the north and Slaley to the south.
4661.txt: This version also appeared on Sebadoh's 1992 compilation album um I mean well uh 'Smash Your Head on the Punk Rock' as well as so okay I mean um a number of various artist compilations, including the City um um uh well Slang compilation 'Slanged!', and the Eurostar compilation 'Going Underground Vol. II'.
2046.txt: In one of Warrington's earliest studies, she investigated eighty right so okay you know so - handed patients who showed signs of a unilateral cerebral lesion you know um I mean I mean resulting from problems such as a stroke or tumor.
357.txt: An important crossroads throughout its early history, the village of Hawleyville uh so I mean so briefly emerged as a railroad center, and the town's population grew to over 4, 000 circa 1881.
4048.txt: The film released on 4 July 2008 with 540 plus uh I mean you know well prints (including 200 digital screens) and approximately 200 prints overseas.
2360.txt: Jennifer J. Arroyo (Born March 20 in Staten Island, um you know um I mean New York) is an American bassist best okay well I mean so known for her tenure in the Canadian alternative metal group Kittie.
4392.txt: The song was removed from YouTube because it was tagged as a um um um like YouTube policy violation that forbids hate speech, but copies of it were uploaded to the site.
1684.txt: Horowitz's book, ' (2006), criticizes individual professors for, as he uh I mean um like alleges, engaging in indoctrination rather than a disinterested pursuit of knowledge.
1620.txt: His Kogigaku school rejected the Neo-Confucianism of Zhu Xi and instead um uh I mean I mean advocated looking to the original works, his school is you know so like um considered part of a larger school, Kogaku, led by scholars such as Yamaga Sokō and Ogyū Sorai.
1511.txt: He was a controlling and abusive man with well I mean so like many other lovers, who once shot her in the leg when she tried to leave him.
4558.txt: They also wear a Loki head and a MF patch only uh well so okay the club know what those are used for or signify so um okay well law enforcement theorizes with the help of informants and through you know um you know uh interrogations but really in the end the club are the people that know.
1409.txt: He is one of the pioneers of Turkish literature you know like I mean so who aims at bridging traditional Islamic beliefs and modern poetic techniques.
4876.txt: When Teth - Adam says the magic word 'Shazam', I mean well you know I mean he is transformed into a super-powered being possessing the okay well well like same powers that Captain Marvel would later be granted; however, so well well so Mighty Adam is soon corrupted by the vastness of his powers.
3116.txt: Production of the film started in 2004 as a well so like you know personal project by Thai businesswoman Wallapa Phimtong, who was beset by financial difficulties and delays.
3901.txt: The album was released on July 15, 2014 for um um well uh free as an early birthday gift from Kevin to his like uh okay I mean fans and was met with positive praise from numerous music okay you know um like sites such as Billboard, Complex, SPIN Pigeons & Planes, and 2DopeBoyz.
4012.txt: The eastern half of the country, on the other okay okay well so hand, was once a British protectorateno clothesion and spoken domestically along with Spanish and indigenous languages.
4666.txt: This was also supposed to be Derek Bell's swansong like uh um you know Le Mans, driving a Porsche - powered Kremer with you know you know I mean so Gulf sponsorship; the lure of driving a McLaren F1 GTR uh I mean you know so with son Justin the following year proved too strong.
3527.txt: Succeeding Pope John XXIII, he continued the Second Vatican Council and like okay so okay fostered improved ecumenical relations with Orthodox and Protestants, which resulted in many historic meetings and agreements.
812.txt: Cromwell had eight or nine of the more truculent so well you know I mean of Lilburne's troopers arrested, tried at an improvised court - martial, and found guilty of mutiny.
2341.txt: James Curran was a native of The Liberties, uh so um you know Dublin, an area which had experienced severe drug abuse problems you know I mean um you know since the early 1980s, and gave Curran a disgust both for drugs and those who profited by it.
480.txt: At length, after seven years of strenuous labour, Dalhousie, on so like I mean well 6 March 1856, set sail for England on board the Company's 'by the' Tribune' to Spithead, which he reached on 11 May.
4154.txt: The lawsuit states that the Executive Order is unconstitutional uh well um like because the Trump Administration is overstepping the authority allowed under the you know you know you know uh by forcing federal agencies to violate governing statutes, like the Administrative Procedure Act which establishes the way agencies pass regulations.
1876.txt: In 2001 Weston Williamson developed and built their offices on Tower well so um like Bridge Road, London where they have an office of 60 architects working on a variety of projects.
72.txt: A finger is a limb of the human body okay okay you know uh and a type of digit, an organ of and found in the hands of humans and other primates.
1542.txt: He was excommunicated from the church on September 19, so um I mean so 1993; the reasons for his excommunication, as reportedly given by church leaders, were apostasy and false teaching.
317.txt: Although Elliott was running for the UUP he was you know uh I mean well also being actively supported by the DUP, the TUV well you know okay I mean and UKIP. The Tory party also refused to run a candidate you know okay well well in Fermanagh South Tyrone despite running in 16 out of 18 constituencies.
4678.txt: Thomas Pritzker was born on June 6, 1950, the so okay so uh son of Jay Pritzker (1922 -- 99) and his wife, Marian Friend.
1789.txt: In 1867 the Illinois Central extended its track into Iowa, and uh okay um okay during the 1870s and 1880s the IC acquired and expanded railroads in the southern United States.
548.txt: Before long, her photo and byline were running in the I mean um well okay 'Bulletin' daily, churning out formulaic romantic fiction serials that would run for weeks at a time.
3489.txt: Spicoli wrecks Ridgemont football player Charles Jefferson's 1979 Chevrolet Camaro um like uh okay Z28 then parks the car in front of like like you know well the school with slurs painted on it supposedly written by Ridgemont's rival, Lincoln High.
4138.txt: The island remained continuously French until 1960 when you know okay so so Senegal was granted independence, with only brief periods of so you know like um English occupation during the various wars fought by France and England between 1677 and 1815.
1672.txt: Ho Yi also known as Ho Yi Wong (黃浩義) um like I mean well (pinyin Huáng Hào Yì; born 1956) is a Chinese actor, director, playwright and producer of Hong Kong origin.
2952.txt: On the other hand, the book extends and builds like like I mean okay on the existing body of query language issues, like okay um you know many of which were addressed by Codd in several papers throughout the 1980s.
1172.txt: Galad confronts Eamon Valda, the leader of the Whitecloaks, um well okay I mean for allegedly killing his stepmother Queen Morgase of Andor, and kills like okay well like him in a duel, and in the process becoming the leader of the Whitecloaks.
4674.txt: Thomas George Lyon - Bowes, Lord Glamis (6 February, so well so uh 1801 -- 27 January, 1834) was the only son of Thomas um like okay uh Lyon - Bowes, 11th Earl of Strathmore and Kinghorne and Mary Elizabeth Louisa Rodney Carpenter.
30.txt: 'Raise the Alarm' is a song by Australian rock well so so like band The Living End, it is the second track okay I mean I mean um and third single from their fifth studio album, 'White Noise'.
4599.txt: They were erected at Elandslaagte near Johannesburg, now the city uh so so well of Germiston, and were placed in service on the new line to Boksburg.
3646.txt: The Brazilian team won all nine games played in the uh um I mean okay tournament and became the first nation from America and only like okay um okay the second non-European country (after South Korea) to win the title.
4269.txt: The photovoltaic off - grid market has been researched so you know um like by international institutes, universities and market research well so I mean so companies, it's estimated in 2010 between 1 and 2 GW depending on the source.
3843.txt: The Stanley Park Ecology Society started in 1988 when well um I mean you know it first began to promote stewardship and currently has programs for education, research and community involvement.
2052.txt: In recent years people using maphacks having to with Blizzard well so so you know Entertainment's Diablo II have been charged with cheating and have like you know so I mean had their accounts banned and, in extreme cases, there IP address's banned.
2223.txt: It is located in the old part of the capital, like well okay uh Dhaka. 42nd batch is the best batch in the history of uh you know um so this medical college. It is affiliated with the University of Dhaka.
588.txt: Blondin - Andrew is a Dene who is the Member so well like so of Parliament for the district of Western Arctic in the Northwest you know so I mean um Territories and Minister of State (Northern Development) in the Liberal Cabinet of Prime Minister Paul Martin.
2381.txt: John Merryman (August 9, 1824 -- November 15, 1881) like so I mean uh was the petitioner in one of the best known habeas okay uh well uh corpus cases of the American Civil War, a militia so uh you know um officer during the Civil War, and a Maryland politician.
191.txt: After Passeig de Gràcia, R2 Sud trains, together so I mean so so with the R13, R14, R15 and R16 and long - distance like um I mean so services, branch off to Estació de França, so that uh um I mean well the R2 only shares tracks with the R11 from this point on.
3142.txt: Rain prevents winged aphids from dispersing, and knocks aphids okay uh um you know off plants and thus kills them from the impact or so well like like by starvation, but can not be relied on for aphid control.
3735.txt: The INLA shot dead one of their own members, claiming he was an informer for the British.
1265.txt: Hall quickly began to hemorrhage support when it became apparent well like uh um that she lacked a campaign message, outside of okay so you know uh her 'love for Toronto' and her perceived ability to get a 'new deal' with the provincial Liberals.
863.txt: Despite the wound, the perpetrator, Andrew Brannan, was able to so well well um flee the scene, but was discovered the next morning okay so well uh hiding in a sleeping bag beneath a camouflage tarp in uh so like well Laurens County, Georgia, by police, and arrested for the murder of Dinkheller.
2927.txt: On November 9, 2011, the band went on their first tour I mean I mean you know you know arranged by new label Fearless Records - the Fearless Friends Tour, which took place up until December 16, 2011.
2235.txt: It is situated at the foothills of Nilgiris you know like you know um at Mettupalayam, 40 KM from Coimbatore spread in an area of about 65 acres.
3187.txt: Riverside, South Memphis is one of the oldest portions of uh like well well South Memphis, Tennessee, made up of mainly elderly people as well as young people.
361.txt: Ancoats is an inner city area of Manchester, in um I mean well okay North West England, next to the Northern Quarter and the northern part of Manchester's commercial centre.
3390.txt: She was involved in a number of activities at Duke and so you know like like served as treasurer of Chi Omega sorority and as president of the field hockey club.
2209.txt: It is both a love and reproachful song okay I mean like well towards the two parents: a version for the I mean um um um mother and one for the father, but it is unknown um um well you know whether the song is blaming the parents or thanking them.
286.txt: Alisha Silver is a fictional character and a Marvel Comics character.
156.txt: According to declassified documents, made public by the uh I mean so okay National Security Archive, CORU was created to unify five different Cuban like um I mean so exile groups, at a meeting in Bonao, a small town in the Dominican Republic in June 1976.
1819.txt: In 1940 the Monument was destroyed by the uh so uh so Nazis following German invasion of Poland and was not like so well um to be seen in the Square until its restoration in 1955.
2813.txt: Nicola was dating Jimmy King, so Sandy and okay you know um okay Doug hatched a plan to make her move in with him, uh so uh like which worked but Nicola went between Mulberry Cottage and Mill Cottage for a while.
3598.txt: The 1981 film directed by Karel Reisz and written Harold Pinter well I mean I mean you know stared Meryl Streep and received considerable critical acclaim, recieving several BAFTAs and Golden Globes.
3010.txt: Overall, Wisconsin law is ambiguous when it you know um like okay comes to allowing same - sex couples to jointly petition well I mean okay like for adoption, however, LGBT couples may attain some level you know so like uh of shared guardianship through a co-parenting agreement or another 'de-facto' legal arrangement granted by Wisconsin courts.
807.txt: Craig Hartsburg (born June 29, 1959 in Stratford, Ontario) is well you know well um a retired professional ice hockey defenceman who played ten seasons with okay okay um I mean the Minnesota North Stars of the National Hockey League from 1979 - 80 until 1988 - 89.
3513.txt: Stjepan (Stephen) Tvrtko I (5 August 1338 -- 10 you know um uh well March 1391) was a ruler of medieval Bosnia and a member of the House of Kotromanić.
1482.txt: He scored a total of seven league goals in well um okay uh the 2007 - 08 season; however, because of the uh well well well number of games he played for both Charlton and China, I mean okay you know so he was less effective in the second half of the season as a result of fatigue.
864.txt: Despite these tests, the main Project Habakkuk was never put okay like um uh into action due to limitations in funds and the belief that um so you know um the tides of the war were beginning to turn in favour of the Allies using more conventional methods.
1624.txt: His company, Overseas Diamonds, was based in Antwerp, and operated as a diamond marketing company.
2571.txt: Long Yun was an ethnic Yi General, and later Governor of Yunnan, Long Yun was a cousin of Lu Han.
1538.txt: He was educated at Eton College and Christ Church, Oxford, and uh you know um uh was subsequently made a Fellow of Oriel College, I mean I mean I mean like OxfPrincipal of King's College London from 1844 to 1868.
2908.txt: On December 24, 'The Interview' was made available on so um well you know online rental services, and will have a limited release at selected cinemas on December 25.
3397.txt: Shops also dominate the northern side of the park, you know so like you know with the Northeast corner was occupied by the Wingham well uh uh um Hotel or Bottom Pub from 1926 until it burned down on 5 July 2010.
2034.txt: In interviews, Messina has said she covered the song in well you know you know okay memory of Dottie West, one of her biggest influences: ' She was the first woman to cross over.
3691.txt: The Department of Labor had taken no action on Yablonski's you know okay uh so complaints while he lived, but after his murder, Labor uh you know um like Secretary George P. Shultz assigned 230 investigators to the UMWA investigation.
3232.txt: Ryan shows more immoral traits in 'Garage Sale', when uh well like uh he sells jars of his mother's homemade Pesto sauce, and so uh okay you know tells the camera that his mother has never wanted to sell her sauce, as she intended it to just be for family.
2322.txt: Its radiator was in the nose between the engine and you know you know um okay propeller, only just beyond the wing and its fuel tank was in the wing centre - section.
3729.txt: The Hatkar (archaically transliterated as HattiKara or Barhatta, BaraHatti) are uh um you know well a division of the Dhangar shepherding caste, found predominantly in the okay like so uh state of Maharashtra, as well as Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat, Karnataka, and Andhra Pradesh.
1525.txt: He was born 1758 in Clifton, Gloucester, near Bristol, England, you know you know okay uh and was murdered 1799 at sea by pirates plundering his ship.
433.txt: As a youth, Fidler spent a great deal of um I mean I mean I mean time along Conception Bay, where he developed an appreciation for Newfoundland's music and culture.
518.txt: Back in the ring, Bryan repeatedly kicked Sheamus 'left I mean so I mean so arm while Sheamus' was in the ropes and refused to I mean well um you know stop at the referee's five count, so the referee disqualified Bryan and awarded the first fall to Sheamus.
64.txt: A concert performance of the original version, possibly its first um okay uh you know hearing in 100 years, took place at the um um okay you know Golders Green Hippodrome in London on 2 August 1975; um um uh so this production was broadcast on 1 January 1976 and issued on CD.
1573.txt: He worked professionally under some renowned Choreographers named Sukalyan Bhattacharya, like um um uh Santosh Shetty, Geeta Kapoor and many others, between them Sukalyan Bhattacharya is an inspiration to him.
3749.txt: The Joe Paterno statue was a bronze sculpture of Joe Paterno, I mean um I mean so former head coach of the Penn State Nittany Lions uh you know uh well football team. Artist Angelo Dimaria was commissioned by Paterno friends you know like like well and Family to Design the sculpture of Joe Paterno in recognition of his contributions to the university.
39.txt: ' To feed, the louse bites through the skin and uh uh okay okay injects saliva which prevents blood from clotting which is very itchy; it then sucks blood into its digestive tract.
1827.txt: In 1959, after the Chinese invasion, he left Tibet um I mean I mean like and after spending one and a half years in so uh um like Kalimpong he settled in Rumtek Monastery (Sikkim), the main seat of the 16th Karmapa.
1753.txt: If some energy is placed in the 'sender' coil, so I mean okay well provided the Q of the transmitting circuit is significantly like you know uh uh greater than the coupling coefficient, then much of okay you know so okay the power can be absorbed by the receiving coil and can be tapped off.
3737.txt: The Illuminated Chronicle (Chronicon Hungariae Pictum or Chronica de Gestis I mean okay uh I mean Hungarorum) represents the international artistic style of the royal courts in the court of Lajos (Louis) the Great.
2573.txt: Lord & Taylor added a store in 1980, only to uh um like um close it in 1994, being replaced by Jacobson's went bankrupt and was replaced by Von Maur.
36.txt: 'The Rain Song' is a love ballad, over 7 minutes like so I mean okay in length, and is considered by singer Robert Plant to be his best overall vocal performance.
3024.txt: Pamela is a psychotherapist of Texan descent and sister of writer and entrepreneur Margaret Heffernan.
1081.txt: Following a peace deal signed on March 4, 2007, it I mean um well okay was considered a possibility that Soro would be named prime so uh like well minister in a new government, and Gbagbo was said to want Soro as the next prime minister.
1969.txt: In March 2012, the label made a surprising decision to sign so okay I mean well the relatively unknown Joie De Vivre (formerly of Count Your um uh like uh Lucky Stars Records); their more traditional Midwestern Emo sound a stark contrast to the rest of the label's catalogue.
2898.txt: On April 8, 2015 showrunner Al Jean announced that there okay so uh like will be no more DVD or Blu - ray releases, shifting focus to digital distribution.
1210.txt: Gilmore and fellow preparator Norman H. Boss, who later like okay okay uh became Chief Preparator at the museum, together built the world's like I mean I mean um first mounted 'Triceratops' skeleton, which went on display in 1905.
628.txt: Bradley Prairie is the name of a prairie uh like you know uh in Southwest Angelina County, Texas, located in the vicinity of the town of Burke, Texas.
1837.txt: In 1975, he was diagnosed with glaucoma and then cataracts well I mean you know you know in both eyes, and by 1983 he was unable to do any more microscopy.
3418.txt: Since 2007, she has been shipping medical supplies and I mean like so I mean equipments worth hundreds of thousands of dollars to her home I mean so um you know country as a way to give back to a country she so dearly love.
3556.txt: Taking the airfield at Wau was a crucial step in so uh like like this process, and to this end, the 51st Division I mean I mean I mean uh was transferred from Indochina to Rabaul then sent on to okay like okay you know Lae; these were joined by the last troops evacuated from Buna - Gona.
3032.txt: Parle Agro is an Indian private limited company you know okay um okay that owns several popular brands including Frooti, Appy, LMN, Hippo and Bailley.
1931.txt: In Berimbau, teams had to construct two berimbaus using okay I mean uh well plastic bottles and following a model, once completed the expert would hand them their next clue.
346.txt: Amy Allen, a production assistant at Industrial Light and Magic, like like so I mean was given the role, and digitally added to scenes in the Jedi Temple and during the climactic battle on Geonosis.
4977.txt: Yazan Halwani is a street artist from Beirut, Lebanon so you know uh you know that paints murals through a combination of renewed Arabic calligraphy and portraits.
1396.txt: He is best known for his leading role in uh you know I mean um the Norwegian - Swedish film 'Headhunters' (2011), as Tydeus in well well well you know 'Hercules', as well as a minor role in Ridley Scott's 'The Martian' (2015).
708.txt: Carter confronts Peter in his former office and demands like well um I mean for him to relinquish control of the company, but he refuses; he instead forces him to work as a janitor.
3852.txt: The Tl'etinqox - t'in Government reserve community and offices like like I mean so are located at the town of Alexis Creek, which is known as Tl'etinqox in the Chilcotin language.
1170.txt: Gagan Kokri is an punjabi singer. Blessings of Baapu and 'Asla' is his Best ever hits.
4494.txt: Then in early 2005 Philip Green sold his stake in like uh um uh the business to David Thompson who began Owen Owens expansion like like I mean um they purchased Joplings & Robbs off the now defuncted you know um so um Merchant Retail Group Plc and purchased Esslemonte & Macintosh of the Esslemonte Family.
222.txt: After his return, in 1009 he became qadi in Valencia, and was killed at Córdoba when the Berbers took the city.
4287.txt: The popularity of the song made the group to appear on like like uh okay MTV's 'TRL' in the U. S. Early 2001 and the song well I mean uh you know was added to the track list of the U. S. Compilation album, 'Now That's What I Call Music Vol. 7'.
2862.txt: Often talents are used in antisocial or asocial ways, um like like like for example, many criminals display this type of selfish uh okay well so behavior in the service of advancing their own goals at the expense of others.
1360.txt: He has also fielded trucks part - time for himself, um I mean uh I mean Larry Foyt, and Jennifer Jo Cobb. Derrike has feilded no. 78 for one race in nationwide.
3656.txt: The Broken Hill Ore Deposit, located underneath and namesake for um well uh you know the town of Broken Hill, western New South okay uh um uh Wales, Australia is arguably the world's richest and largest zinc - lead ore deposit.
1834.txt: In 1971, Leila had a short participation as a burlesque star, uh like okay well and also she married the movie director Ruy Guerra, father of her only daughter.
4948.txt: With some matchmaking from Steve's mother, Jaime and Steve's so um um well relationship quickly blossomed, but their happiness was replaced by tragedy one day when the couple went skydiving.
3579.txt: The 'ASAP' music video features the four members in revealing, uh like um I mean patchy black leather outfits sporting choreographed dance routines and includes a group of male dancers in several scenes.
1501.txt: He switched to quarterbacks coach in 2013 and became offensive coordinator of the Mustangs in 2016.
964.txt: During this time he wrote his first novel, 'Guiana Boy', which so so so so was published in 1960 ( re-issued as 'Guyana you know you know so so Boy' by Peepal Tree Press in 2002 ), and was the first novel by a Guyanese of Indian descent.
3006.txt: Over the years its name was changed many times mostly because I mean uh okay like of the regime change in the country, for you know I mean okay like example, when Latvia was a part of the USSR it uh okay like uh was named after Janis Fabricius, a military commander of the Red Army.
1878.txt: In 2002, Schueler was rumored to be a contestant for, despite the rumors she never appeared on the show.
4679.txt: Thomas Salme (born February 18, 1969) is a Swedish pilot and so uh okay like photographer who became a celebrity after flying passenger jets for thirteen years without a commercial pilot's license.
914.txt: Due to many key players being injured in the 2004 okay uh um you know pre-season, Stanton was immediately brought into the Essendon team for um I mean um well his debut in the Round, 1 clash where the Bombers were comfortably defeated by Port Adelaide.
1356.txt: He had married while in London, but had reason to suspect his wife's adultery.
3763.txt: The Linguistic Society of America (LSA) was founded in 1924 to advance the scientific study of human language.
3267.txt: Schuler sometimes produces records under the alias 'boyblue', and in 2012 started a new band called 'Pretty in Pink'.
1211.txt: Girls as well as boys are portrayed on wine jugs okay um I mean like which are connected with the spring festival the so um uh well Anthesteria, though depictions of boys on these jugs are much more common.
1818.txt: In 1940 he transferred to VfL Leisnig and played you know um well well there until 1943 after which he played for like so you know um several other clubs including BC Hartha, SC Döbeln and Zwickau - Oberhohndorf.
2001.txt: In an earlier interview in 2000, Yao said he had okay so um uh never seen a fortune cookie in China and guessed it must have been an American invention.
758.txt: Cittaslow is a movement founded in Italy and inspired by the Slow Food organization.
1408.txt: He is lured into the basement by It in the form of a headless boy, whom he narrowly escapes.
810.txt: Criniti's command radioed for tanks to support their line you know I mean well okay and an Italian relief column, including another ten tanks so I mean you know you know and two trucks, Time Magazine, January 10, 1936 was sent immediately.
3671.txt: The Clare Boothe Luce Policy Institute advocates for the principles so you know uh like of American conservatism - although it promotes small okay uh uh okay government policies, its focus on women has led it to also focus on traditionalism.
2301.txt: It was powered by the BMW M12 turbocharged engine looked after by Swiss engine guru Heini Mader.
3890.txt: The activity of neurons generate electric currents; and the you know uh well I mean synchronous action of neural ensembles in the cerebral you know like so so cortex, comprising large numbers of neurons, produce macroscopic oscillations, well I mean I mean so which can be monitored and graphically documented by an electroencephalogram (EEG).
2776.txt: Mussolini continued to promote the need of a revolutionary vanguard elite um um okay um to lead society, but he no longer advocated a um you know so you know proletarian vanguard but instead a vanguard led by dynamic and revolutionary people of any social class.
3811.txt: The Problem of Handicapped Infants' is a 1985 book by well uh uh uh Peter Singer and Helga Kuhse, in which the authors examine moral so well you know I mean issues surrounding babies born with severe disabilities, and argues for infanticide in certain cases.
3877.txt: The Walter Rand Transportation Center is a transportation hub I mean uh um like located at Martin Luther King Boulevard and Broadway in Camden, uh uh well uh New Jersey served by the River LINE, the Broadway Station of you know uh you know uh the PATCO Speedline, New Jersey Transit buses and Greyhound intercity buses.
1810.txt: In 1930, he continued his career in the uh like I mean well International Marine Radio Company, where he became a director, finally retired from the company in 1950.
1503.txt: He tells her how his mother changed after his father um okay you know like died, giving his stepfather the ranch his father wanted to leave to Perce.
1820.txt: In 1941, The Viceroy of India, Lord Linlithglow nominated him to okay you know like uh the Defense Council but the Quaid - i - um I mean like okay Azam who headed the All - India Muslim League asked him to resign.
4731.txt: Tokyopop licensed 'Paradise Kiss' for an English - language release uh uh well like in North America and published the series from May 21, 2002 to March 9, 2004.
2972.txt: One such challenge was Kiki's sudden loss of ability okay um uh um to fly, which is only loosely paralleled in I mean you know like well the novel, where Kiki's broom breaks and merely requires her to fix it.
4734.txt: Tom reveals that he has had his ear pierced, uh well well like but by who? , tom shows his sisters who can well well so um not help but laugh, when Jane arrives home from work uh like um okay and Tom reveals the earing to her, she is not pleased.
3838.txt: The South Varsity Boys' tennis squad has been consistently um okay um so ranked in the top 10 of New Jersey high school tennis teams.
3143.txt: Raleigh was originally called 'Operation Drake' when first introduced you know I mean you know I mean in 1978 by Colonel John Blashford - Snell and HRH Prince Charles, the Prince of Wales.
536.txt: Baťa and his wife Sonja were greeted warmly in the main okay well I mean uh square in Zlin by thousands of people cheering like um like like him and he immediately initiated plans for the return I mean like okay you know of the Organization to the place where it all started.
2791.txt: Natural cleaning products are substances used to clean, deodorize, and / I mean I mean well um or disinfect that are less damaging to the environment okay well I mean okay and safer for humans and pets than conventional cleaning products.
3832.txt: The Sharks grew into a perennial Pacific Division contender like so um well in the 2000s following the drafting of several players, among I mean I mean well well them including forward Patrick Marleau, taken second overall in well like I mean I mean 1997, who holds the franchise records for the most goals (404) and points (861).
4140.txt: The islands of the Philippines are inhabited by a number like okay uh you know of different ethnolinguistic groups, the majority of whose own languages are Austronesian in origin.
856.txt: Designed by the Russian architect Alexey Gornostaev (1808 -- 1862), uh um like well the cathedral was built after his death in 1862 -- 1868.
1799.txt: In 1912 the city was liberated by the you know um you know you know Kingdom of Serbia during the Balkan Wars and after the okay um you know I mean First World War the city became part of the I mean you know well well newly formed Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes (Kingdom of Yugoslavia).
3583.txt: The 'Grey Passion' was part of an altar painting, so you know okay so originally consisting of a triptych, and the central part of well like uh uh it was a sculpture, made by sculptor Gregor Erhart (ca. 1470 - 1540), now lost.
4472.txt: The wilderness area, named for former New York congressman Otis so well I mean so G. Pike, is the only federally designated wilderness okay like well I mean area in New York State, and one of the smallest wilderness areas managed by the National Park Service.
2586.txt: Lynch is a member of the American Law Institute, and of various bar associations and advisory committees.
871.txt: Dick imagines a future where the United States Congress okay okay well like has decided that abortion is legal until the soul enters um like so so the body, which is specified as the moment a person you know you know uh okay has the ability to do simple algebra (around the age of 12).
4111.txt: The historic Trenear Tin Stamping Mill and the mile long I mean um um you know leat which dates from 1493 along with some meadows um so um well were acquired by Peter in 1974 having been a dairy from the 1880s until 1972.
1288.txt: He accepted a scholarship to play at Boston College, well okay I mean uh where he was a three - year okay okay so uh starter and played multiple positions along the offensive line, before settling in at right tackle.
1169.txt: GSPs have a lot of energy and if not given the right amount of attention, can become bored and destructive.
3576.txt: That autumn, Hogg travelled to Edinburgh to visit the couple and greatly enjoyed his stay with them.
943.txt: During the 2010 Christmas Day game against the Arizona um well okay like Cardinals, McGee came in to replace the injured Kitna, well like um you know and made his first regular season touchdown pass, completing the I mean I mean so um game with 11 - of - 17 passes for 111 yards and a quarterback rating of 102. 8.
1516.txt: He was a student at the University of Tennessee, and graduated well um uh okay from International Performing Arts Academy after which he moved um okay uh you know to San Diego, California, where he developed an interest in comics.
2196.txt: It involves retention, memory, repetition, enunciation, diction, and involves ten I mean okay like like factors that use every letter in the alphabet a variety of times.
4002.txt: The department 'Computer technology and science' were founded the same year well uh um I mean. This profile became the first Bulgarian representative in the International Organization of Computer Science (UPE).
594.txt: Bobby Beale (né Hobbs) is the son of Ian and Laura Beale (Adam Woodyatt and Hannah Waterman).
3393.txt: She was the daughter of Bohemund VI of Antioch and the sister of Bohemund VII of Tripoli.
1657.txt: His partner was Allison MacLean and the two began skating together in 1981.
1490.txt: He served in the United States Air Force from 1954 you know well like like to 1957, training in Nevada and California and uh um like so eventually piloting bombers in the Strategic Air Command's atomic bomb fleet based in Riverside, California.
4706.txt: Tisci, under Givenchy, designed the costumes for Madonna's 'Sticky I mean well uh um and Sweet tour' in 2008, following Jean Paul Gaultier and Dolce & Gabbana.
2797.txt: Nelly, a child of great natural spiritual insight, acts you know like well well as Benny's moral conscience; when she dies, following a street accident, he is in despair.
1521.txt: He was also chief of the Experts Advisory Cell uh like like so that worked to improve efficiency of State Owned Enterprises and like you know I mean well received mention in the World Bank Report.
2780.txt: Mysterious leader of SHADOW, in the Kikaider 01 tokusatsu series who forces Gill Hakaider to serve him.
1050.txt: Faison's pursuit of the crystals soon became an so you know so I mean afterthought, as he soon became fixated on marrying Anna, so you know I mean you know which she was reluctant to do, until Faison threatened to expose her past to Robin.
2849.txt: Now it is no longer possible to find the um um uh so old maps in the secret archives, and even those which Xiao okay um well well He found are missing; we only have maps, both general and local, from the (Later) Han time.
4714.txt: To portray the war - blinded Victor, Morgan interviewed uh uh like well a series of ex-service men and women helped by Morgan like I mean I mean okay contacted Blind Veterans UK and spent a day at the uh so uh um charity's Brighton Centre, where he received the same training as blind veterans, while blindfolded.
1470.txt: He received the Yarmolinsky Medal in 2002 for I mean you know so well his contributions to the National Academies and was elected to the America Law Institute in 2014.
4531.txt: There students don't just go from class to class, completing uh like so you know regular assignments, they participate in quests, aimed at solving okay well well okay complex problems, advancing from one level to another, culminating in a final project.
3470.txt: Some time later, the Jinnouchi family celebrate their victory uh so well I mean as well as Sakae's birthday and has Natsuki kiss Kenji after confessing their love to each other.
3517.txt: Stranded, he dies in space; the crew continue with the mission, demoralized by Corrigan's death.
3571.txt: Tennikoit can be played indoors or outside, on any surface which includes red sand, clay, and cement.
2339.txt: James, son of Alpheaus was called the Less or the like okay so like Younger was a brother of the apostle Matthew and so I mean I mean okay the son of Mary (not to be confused with Mary, the mother of Jesus).
1961.txt: In June 2012, it was reported that the company was under like so okay uh investigation by the attorney generals' offices of 15 separate so you know I mean like states for suspected targeting of military veterans with deceptive recruiting practices for its for - profit school clients.
2022.txt: In foreign policy, the Republicans denounced the Federalists over Jay's you know I mean okay I mean Treaty, perceived as too favorable to Britain, while the okay like okay um French ambassador embarrassed the Republicans by publicly backing them and attacking the Federalists right before the election.
2505.txt: Later, Tariq Mustafa worked closely with Abdul Salam and Dr well I mean well I mean. I. H Usmani (Chairman PAEC) and led the effort to obtain uh okay you know uh rocket manufacturing technology from France and established rocket manufacturing okay um I mean I mean plants near Mauripur, Karachi which was later joined by Air Commodore Turowicz as the Executive Director.
897.txt: Douglas Erwin Bollinger (born 24 July 1981) is a so I mean um like professional Australian cricketer who currently plays first - well well you know uh class cricket for the New South Wales Blues and international cricket for Australia.
1915.txt: In 2014, 7 Up launched '7x7Up' -- a uh well so well multi-platform campaign centered around EDM that includes digital uh okay um um content, advertising featuring producers, and branded stages at both Ultra and Electric Daisy Carnival.
4749.txt: TriMet, the Portland metropolitan area's regional transit authority, for its MAX you know like okay well Orange Line light rail passenger trains, as well as the Portland Streetcar, buses, bicycles, pedestrians, and emergency vehicles.
1567.txt: He went on to play 66 games and kick 80 okay uh like uh goals for the Bulldogs before he played his last I mean like okay um game in 1946, then making his move back to cricket with the Lancashire League in England.
3060.txt: Perumapalayam is a small village located in kanjikoil panchayat town well uh okay I mean in Erode district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. 18 km from Erode and 8 km from Perundurai.
1199.txt: George Pușcaș renews with Inter until 2020 and joins Bari you know well I mean uh on loan for the season, with Bari uh well like so having the option to make the deal permanent while Inter holds a counter-option.
1087.txt: Following the Hampshires were the Commandos of the 4th so um okay okay Special Service Brigade, who also suffered badly during the run - um like uh so in and only one of their allotted landing craft actually reached the shore.
4747.txt: Train services were operated by Comboios de Portugal (CP); well like like you know the three Série 9100 diesel railcars were built like uh I mean you know for the line in 1949 and continued in service until uh okay um like 2002 (when replaced by Série 9500 units, purchased secondhand from Yugoslavia).
1589.txt: Her captaincy was only a part of her responsibilities; like okay okay like she was also the sixth grade class treasurer and a hall monitor that year.
4762.txt: Two flag theorists point to another similar, seemingly unresolvable you know so um uh controversy over the colour of the Australian flags used at the 1927 I mean you know um well opening of provisional parliament house in Canberra, where a lithograph like you know so I mean by an unknown artist showing the blue version being flown has now emerged.
2865.txt: Old Frank B. Cooper Elementary School (now Youngstown Cultural Arts Center).
1421.txt: He joined the Conservative party very young; and on October um you know uh well 10, 1889, Errázuriz married Elvira Valdés Ortúzar, and together they had 6 children.
1201.txt: German, English, French, Portuguese, Latin and Japanese, and often works for Greenpeace and 'Menschen gegen Minen'.
4852.txt: Walker will star in a new pilot for Lifetime okay well like um titled Exit 19, revolving around a single mother who struggles you know like you know well to balance her family and professional life as a New York City homicide detective.
1835.txt: In 1973, Porter wrote a letter to Pope Paul well uh okay well VI requesting to be released from the priesthood, in which he admitted so I mean okay so molesting children across five states; the Pope granted his request and, in 1974, Porter gave up his collar.
1992.txt: In addition, the distance between two points via Transit like you know um um is not equivalent to the distance in normal space; two like okay like okay star systems which are relatively close might be many Transit Minutes apart.
2460.txt: Kinney has been in a relationship with pop superstar Lady Gaga I mean you know okay okay since summer 2011, they met during filming of the 'You and I' music video in July 2011.
1737.txt: Hunter published translations of Rainer Maria Rilke's 'Duino Elegies' and well you know uh like 'Sonnets to Orpheus' and has published several volumes of his own poetry.
526.txt: Bartlett was born in Savannah, Georgia in 1824 and died in 1887 in Oakland, California.
169.txt: Accordingly, for 1913, the Great Spring Show was moved there, while the Summer Show reverted to Holland House.
2983.txt: Originally, the Palais Cardinal was the residence of Cardinal you know you know well I mean Richelieu, who had hired the architect Jacques Lemercier to design it.
3287.txt: Sellers was born in Santa Monica, California, grew up in New York City before moving to Rome.
421.txt: As a compromise, the 'ayuntamiento' of San Antonio de Béxar so um okay okay drafted a petition containing similar language to the convention resolutions, which Músquiz forwarded to the Mexican Congress in early 1833.
257.txt: After the game, they are seen walking in the um uh okay like car park, and as one of them attempts to like so I mean well unlock the door with his key, they hear a strange well you know uh so noise, which is actually a cartoon tiger on the car's bumper sticker roaring.
1384.txt: He initially had no musical background, he taught himself you know like like okay by watching tutorials on my tube him some techniques and offered help.
3000.txt: Out of the 26 office holders, two have been related I mean uh so you know by birth: the 11th officeholder Sir Alick Downer and his son, the 26th officeholder Alexander Downer.
3894.txt: The advertisement campaign, specially made for the 2014 FIFA so well I mean like World Cup and starring well - known football players from national uh well okay so teams and clubs, emphasizes the mantra of 'risk everything' I mean I mean so okay - taking every dangerous life - or - death chance to succeed and outshine your rivals.
4790.txt: United Nations station is well - served by buses like okay I mean uh and jeepneys that serve the Taft Avenue and nearby well um well you know routes, taxis and cycle rickshaws that stop at and around the station.
3261.txt: Satsangi's latest album 'LICK MY LUNGS' is released you know like okay like in 2016, it includes 14 tracks and guest artist remixes.
4026.txt: The expedition's facility, High Lab, is gradually compromised by a dormant uh you know okay I mean super-intelligent entity, the 'Blight', that learns to rapidly infiltrate and control computer systems and biological beings.
4015.txt: The ending was spoofed in a promotional video produced by um you know I mean um the Hillary Clinton 2008 presidential campaign as well so okay well okay as on an episode of 'The Celebrity Apprentice' that featured former 'The Sopranos' actor Vincent Pastore.
1698.txt: However, according to Gary Oldman, Hurt was undergoing treatment for you know so you know so pancreatic cancer, and was unable to attend the read - throughs; actor Ronald Pickup assumed the role of Chamberlain instead.
1922.txt: In 2015 Mauriki were champions of the TVL well uh like you know First Division and they promoted to compete at the2015 -- 16 Port Vila Premier League.
3547.txt: Sámi soga lávlla ( 'Song of the Sami People', lit uh you know well I mean. 'Song of the Sámi Family' ) was originally a poem um uh well I mean written by Isak Saba that was published in the newspaper Sagai Muittalægje for the first time on April 1, 1906.
1266.txt: Hallahan was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and graduated from Rutgers University, well okay you know like then going on to Temple University to earn a Masters degree in fine arts.
3125.txt: Pu borrows from a folk tradition of oral storytelling um um okay I mean to put to paper a series of captivating, colorful I mean like uh uh stories where the boundary between reality and the odd or fantastic is blurred.
788.txt: Considered the eldest son of Mohammed bin Laden, the I mean well well um founder of Saudi Binladin Group and a half - brother like like um uh and cousin of infamous terrorist (Osama bin Laden), he acted as I mean so like you know the patriarch of the bin Laden family after the 1967 death of his father.
1209.txt: Gilligan presented a fortnightly programme for Press TV, the Iranian so okay okay so government's English - language TV channel until December 2009, though okay I mean so so he appeared twice more on the network just before the May 2010 general election.
4547.txt: These dominance behaviors are shown significantly more often by the you know okay like okay breeding pair of the pack, indicating they do not so I mean so you know serve as a behavioral correction or punishment, nor as a reinforcement of the dominance of the breeding pair.
2443.txt: Kevin Woodford (born in Douglas, Isle of Man) is so uh okay okay an British TV chef and actor he originally you know I mean well I mean trained as a chef in some of Europe's uh so okay I mean finest restaurants, then moved into education as a lecturer in professional cookery.
3753.txt: The Kanakachalapathi temple, an example of 'Dravidian' of the Vijayanagara okay okay like okay era is a protected monument under the Karnataka state division of the Archaeological Survey of India.
1795.txt: In 1902, Chanler purchased an iron mine in Pinar well okay well okay del Río Province and profits were initially robust I mean I mean uh um enough that Chanler was able to loan $ 35 you know like you know I mean million to the Cuban government and purchase a house in Sands Point, New York.
2672.txt: Meanwhile, Hershel (Scott Wilson) is telling Rick about planting more like well well okay crops when Michonne (Danai Gurira) returns having been away hunting for like so you know uh The Governor, and having been unsuccessful declares her intent to travel to Macon to continue her search.
2090.txt: In the fall of 1995, another segment called 'Klutter' was added, rotating with the Thunderlizards.
3717.txt: The Gatty Marine Laboratory is located in the coastal well like okay so town of St Andrews in Scotland, and is a part of the University of St Andrews.
1689.txt: However, Atul can not bring himself to kill his uh you know so uh friend and instead joins forces with Yash to execute uh like so so a plan against Vishnu and savVishnu has been keeping Maya uh okay like like and Swati hostage and find, in horror, that Swati has been murdered.
4365.txt: The show's name during development was 'Whiskey Tango'; however, because you know okay um you know there was already a band using the name, it was changed to 'Whiskey Tango Six'.
2914.txt: On July 3, 2013, Morrison pleaded guilty to threatening and okay okay you know uh breach of peace charges and the strangulation charge was dropped in April 2014.
569.txt: Bessel proved that parallax of a star was greater well so you know uh than zero by measuring the parallax of 0. 314 arcseconds of a star named 61 Cygni.
719.txt: Celera Genomics and the Human Genome Project create a I mean okay uh um draft of the human genome sequence and have it published by 'Science and Nature' Magazine.
4571.txt: They are thought to be abundant in cold, I mean um like uh deep waters of the Atlantic, Pacific and Indian Ocean so okay well um However the species is known to originate from the pits of hell.
4218.txt: The new truck has a fully boxed ladder frame, I mean so um uh the wheelbase is 125. 9 in (3. 20 m) so I mean like um with a 205. 5 in (5. 22 m) overall length.
414.txt: As Canadian cavalry fought through the wood, they were I mean um like like channel eastwards by German machine gun fire, simultaneously, units of the Canadian well well um I mean Dragoons were forced to wheel into the woods at the north due to German attack.
1738.txt: Huntington's disease is a neurodegenerative disorder that progressively deteriorates an individual's ability to move, speak, and think properly.
1336.txt: He earned a Licentiate in Canon Law at uh okay well like the Pontifical Gregorian University, the 'Greg', in Rome, Italy, and well you know okay so was ordained to the Catholic priesthood on March 5, uh okay uh so 1981, for the clergy of the Archdiocese of San José de Costa Rica.
1600.txt: Her real name was Anita Raj Khurana as her okay you know so you know Father Jagdish Raj was a permanent policeman in Bollywood movie industry.
1358.txt: He had the best season of his career in you know um you know you know Montreal, compiling a 23 -- 9 record with a 3. 17 ERA.
2878.txt: On 18 December 1910, Sopwith won a £ 4000 prize for the okay you know like um longest flight from England to the Continent in okay uh uh so a British - built aeroplane, flying 169 miles (272 km) in 3 hours 40 minutes.
3421.txt: Since Lake Lanier's construction, metro Atlanta has been taking you know okay um like water from the reservoir to use for m mayor William um uh you know you know Hartsfield traveled to Washington numerous times pressing Senators Richard Russell, um well so okay Jr. And Walter F. George to restore funding to ensure Atlanta's water supply during droughts.
4121.txt: The image evolved into a classier, more sophisticated portrayal of Heavy Metal, drawing inspiration from high - end fashion labels.
4523.txt: There is also a new wave of RnB so uh you know I mean in Serbia such as Elitni Odredi, Cvija or I mean I mean okay so Rasta arrived to the scene as soon as the Bassivity era was over.
3697.txt: The E- 170 and E- 175 directly compete with the like like so you know Bombardier CRJ - 700 and Bombardier CRJ - 900, respectively, and loosely compete with the turboprop Bombardier Q400.
2555.txt: Limited government is a government outline where any more than minimal like so okay um governmental intervention in personal liberties and the economy is not you know well so I mean allowed by law, usualCivilization, the Magna Carta and um I mean uh so the United States Constitution are examples of the limiting of government.
49.txt: A 16 - year - old uh um um uh male charged in Belton's death was arrested and like so well like booked on charges of first - degree murder and first - degree robbery.
2457.txt: Kim will be Lindsey Butterfield's (Sophie Austin) younger sister and like so I mean I mean kelly Butterfield older sister she has been billed as volatile and will cause trouble for the Roscoe family.
3750.txt: The John Rylands Library and Manchester University Library, now the so you know like you know John Rylands University Library, merged in 1972 and the special collections well uh well you know built up by both libraries were concentrated in the Deansgate building.
3825.txt: The SFD runs at Basic Life Support emergency medical services level you know um uh um with about half the firefighters being Certified First Responders and the others so um you know well are basic Emergency Medical Technicians, and one firefighter is a Paramedic.
1660.txt: His seat was within Lanna's capital Chiang Mai, but he never held any true administrative power.
195.txt: After Stalin's death he returned to Ukraine, and on 9 July 1958 the Cherkassy Regional Trial rehabilitated him.
1319.txt: He contends in multiple lawsuits that Nygard harming the I mean so you know like environment around Clifton Bay, Bahamas, where both have compounds, and has engaged in a smear campaign against him.
4612.txt: This article details the Bradford Bulls rugby league football club's well well uh so 2006 season, the 11th season of the Super League era.
2287.txt: It was filmed in Carriacou in the Grenadines, where a complete town market was built and destroyed.
4040.txt: The film, released on 27 September 2013, faced problems with piracy okay you know okay I mean as half of the movie got leaked to the internet prior to its release.
460.txt: As the value of the cowry was very much like uh I mean uh greater in West Africa than in the regions from which so um so okay the supply was obtained, the trade was extremely like um okay you know lucrative, and in some cases the gains are said to have been 500 %.
2434.txt: Keith Bell is credited with changing the atmosphere of I mean uh I mean so South and has helped the school reach academic excellence over the so like well uh other two high schools in the district as seen in the scores of the state standardized testing (OGT).
4926.txt: Wild Horse is a hamlet in southern Alberta in Cypress County, located on Highway 41, southwest of Medicine Hat.
865.txt: Despite this, Buffy still doesn't believe that Warren deserved to die um I mean um I mean for killing Tara or Katrina, but she and Xander agree that um uh you know okay Jonathan and Andrew don't deserve to die since they never killed anybody.
555.txt: Bell attended the Volksschule in Cologne, followed by the Realprogymnasium well like uh okay in Cologne - Nippes and the Realgymnasien in Düsseldorf and Munich.
1921.txt: In 2015, he ran for the open mayor's seat when I mean like I mean um the interim mayor, Bill Sutton, did not seek re-election and like like okay so won by a 16 % margin of victory in a race mostly characterized by the pace of residential growth.
3349.txt: She has worked with popular hip - hop artists such like you know um like as Nicki Minaj and Lil' Mama and is the daughter of Grand Tone of the Grand Masters of Funk.
2026.txt: In her ninth or tenth year she was well uh you know well sent with her siblings to complete her education in Leiden, well you know like uh The Netherlands, where was taught classic and modern languages, art and literature, and showed especial inclinations toward philosophical studies.
3272.txt: Screenwriter of the original 'Hitman' film, Skip Woods wrote you know well um so the screenplay with Mike Finch and filming is said to take place in Berlin and Singapore this summer.
2392.txt: Jonathan Thirkield is an American poet, currently living in New York City.
1069.txt: Filip Višnjić (Serbian Cyrillic: Филип Вишњић) (1767 -- 1834) was a um uh um okay popular Bosnian Serb poet and guslar (gusle player), known by uh you know like so some as the 'Serbian Homer' both because he was blind and for his poetic gift.
1928.txt: In August 2012, Beasley was shot 3 times you know so I mean well and drove himself to a hospital where he was released the following day.
1442.txt: He married actress Nicole Taylor Hart in 2000; their wedding okay like so um was featured in the 2001 February issue of 'In Style' magazine.
4725.txt: Today, the station has only significance for the regional traffic, it is the terminus of the Dresden S - Bahn.
4395.txt: The species has also been observed in Kashmir, though this is like you know um like rare. Birds frequently establish themselves in areas with a suitable climate and can then colonize new areas nearby.
1108.txt: For the 2012 elections, the Iowa Legislature passed a plan I mean uh well um that went into effect in 2013 for the 113th U. S. Congress.
3473.txt: Sometimes 'Daphnia' may be used in certain environments to test okay uh um uh the effects of toxins on an ecosystem, which makes so uh okay well them' an indicator genus, particularly useful because of its short lifespan and reproductive capabilities.
129.txt: A video for 'Breakfast in NYC', directed by Brian uh well so okay Philip Davis was also produced to coincide with the single release, and was made available on the Oppenheimer MySpace page.
1649.txt: His men and commanders were more experienced, and his okay um you know okay tactics simpler and easier for them to follow, and intelligence so uh you know well on enemy dispositions considerably better thanks to the work of the aviators of No. 1 Squadron, Australian Flying Corps.
3246.txt: Salt Lake City lies between the Wasatch Range and um you know well you know the Mount Nebo, a triple peak rising above Nephi, Utah okay okay you know well at the southern end of the range, is the highest peak of the Wasatch.
2909.txt: On December 3, 2009 he was waived and claimed by the Panthers on December 4, 2009.
1376.txt: He has taught at Harvard and Columbia University, and is now a professor emeritus at New York University.
4423.txt: The templar caste constitutes the military, and the khalai caste includes all other Protoss.
2200.txt: It is a member of various academic partnerships and you know well I mean well alliances, such as the G20 Schools and the Global Alliance of Leading - Edge Schools.
2097.txt: In the meantime, and together sink a straggler so I mean you know so from the convoy, and the escort is reinforced by the 2 additional Canadian corvettes HMCS 'Chambly' and HMCS 'Orillia'.
3299.txt: Seven times married, all of which ended in divorce and like you know well so none of which lasted more than three years, she acquired I mean uh um I mean grand foreign titles but was maliciously treated and often exploited by several of her husbands.
296.txt: All songs recorded by the Paradimes have been written by okay um well okay Mark 'Guxy' Guy, and in spring 2012, uh you know okay like the group released their debut album, 'Genius by the Mile' and is currently playing live shows.
3606.txt: The 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami caused serious damage okay well like well to various areas of the Pacific coast in I mean I mean uh uh northeast Japan, and Fukushima faced fears of meltdown of the reactors at the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant.
4144.txt: The king Savant Singh was a poet also so um uh um and he wrote under the name of Nagari Dās, as well I mean you know so well as a devout member of the Vallabhācārya sect, okay I mean um I mean which worships the lord in his appearance on Earth as Krishna, the divine lover.
4974.txt: Yangyang was instrumental in introducing Western culture and the like so I mean you know American lifestyle to millions of Chinese viewers and her role like like so well on 'Hello Hollywood' from 2009 - 2012 included live reporting like uh okay uh for red carpets, movie premieres, award shows and other major Hollywood events.
2570.txt: Lola Glaudini, born November 24, 1972 is an American actress born in New York City.
4805.txt: Upon discovering that the mentioned site was no I mean so like well longer accepting GIFs, Gould began watching flash animby the flashflashflahs uh okay uh well jjjjjjjimprovement, he abandoned the program and moved to Macromedia Flash in November 2002.
2858.txt: Of the 259 Hall Class locomotives built, 11 okay so so you know have been preserved with no. 4979 being one of several Halls salvaged from Woodhams' Scrapyard.
217.txt: After graduating, he opened his gallery at 44a Charlotte you know so you know uh Road in Shoreditch, and worked with many of the artists uh um like okay of the YBA movement including Tracey Emin, Sarah Lucas and Gavin Turk.
343.txt: Amon Sûl is the elvish (Sindarin) name for Weathertop, so okay you know I mean the hill on the East - West road in Eriador, about midway between the Shire and Rivendell.
1283.txt: Having left school at 16 and drifted through various jobs you know okay okay well including a labourer, mortuary technician, artist's model and like well well so theatrical agency assistant, Arnott became an actor well uh I mean I mean with the Red Ladder Company in Leeds and appeared as a mummy in the film 'The Mummy'.
3306.txt: Several verbs can use classifiers or not, with no change in meaning: 'ne' eat', 'pada' hold', and 'li' lie'.
3093.txt: Power MOSFETs have a different structure than the lateral well I mean you know okay MOSFET: as with all power devices, their structure is vertical and not planar.
4189.txt: The members of White Zombie claimed to have been so like okay you know more pleased with the production of 'Soul - Crusher' like so uh like than any other previous recording and praised Wharton Tiers for giving them creative freedom during the recording process.
394.txt: Aquaculture started in New Zealand in the late 1960s, growing, on average, 13 percent per year between 1985 and 2005.
3309.txt: Severe flooding of the Saguenay's tributary rivers from July 18 I mean I mean you know okay to 21, 1996, devastated the region in one of Canada's costliest natural disasters, the Saguenay Flood.
118.txt: A student in the theatrical arts at so like like okay the University of Abuja, and a master's degree like okay uh like graduate in Directing at the New York Film Academy (NYFA), she okay you know okay okay made her first film, ', starring Omotola Jalade - Ekeinde and Genevieve Nnaji in 2010.
1456.txt: He played SEC Prosecutor Jeff Malone in the fourth season I mean so well I mean of 'Suits', and he was cast as the angel Amenadiel in the Fox series 'Lucifer'.
63.txt: A comprehensive study on the contemporary industrial environment in uh so um so Indian economy in the globalisaton context was first of kind I mean okay uh like in the country. The book in this area is you know uh like you know two volumes published with the co operation of 25 scholars um uh so so from the academic world of the country is a globally accepted work.
3344.txt: She has a 'sturdy' build as said by her I mean uh uh okay grandfather who she was close with before his passing and she is also a talented bass player.
4493.txt: Then, Byron went into his boxing stance again and okay um uh you know as the Ambassador was about to do the same, Byron so I mean uh uh punches it again and it let go of its defence.
321.txt: Although a number of earlier scholars have argued for um well well so a borrowing from Latin 'symbola', the prevalent view today is that uh um well you know Old English 'symbel', Old Saxon 'symbal' Heliand', line 3340: 'sittan at sumble'.
1047.txt: Facing this threat, Queen Min secretly requested military intervention I mean okay well okay from China's Qing dynasty, and after three days the like I mean so okay revolt was suppressed by 1500 troops of the Chinese garrison based in Seoul led by General Yuan Shikai.
3895.txt: The airfield at Duxford is now home to a um so like okay large number of remarkable and unique aircraft, possibly one of the most significant collections in the UK.
1271.txt: Hampton Normal and Agricultural Institute in Virginia was of well okay like so national importance, as was Tuskegee Normal School for Colored Teachers, okay okay so I mean founded in 1881 by Hampton alumnus Booker T. Washington (1856 -- 1915).
3127.txt: Public school students in Kindergarten through twelfth grade so okay well I mean attend the Toms River Regional Schools, a regional you know so well um public school system primarily in Toms River Township that also serves students from Beachwood, Pine Beach and South Toms River.
2160.txt: It achieved 39, 000 PPV buys, the lowest since you know you know um okay the introduction of the WWE Network earlier in the year, down from the previous year's 181, 000 buys.
1061.txt: Fear of contracting the disease caused thousands to so I mean um so flee the city and trade virtually stopped as people I mean like well okay were fearful of coming to the city or interacting with its inhabitants.
524.txt: Barber became the manager in 1861 and took over operation of the mills in 1880.
798.txt: Coritiba is the first club from the south of Brazil to you know well um okay have won a national title - the 1973 well I mean I mean well Torneio do Povo and to have competed in uh so um okay the two main continental competitions; the Copa Libertadores and the Copa Sudamericana.
2122.txt: In vertebrate nervous systems very few neurons are 'identified' in well like so I mean this sense -- in humans, there are believed to be uh well you know uh none -- but in simpler nervous systems, some or all neurons may be thus unique.
4642.txt: This portion of Depeche Mode history is particularly memorable to okay so um so fans, due to the fact that Andrew Fletcher was okay like um you know unable to continue with the increasingly grueling travel uh like uh like and tour schedule, and, citing 'mental instability' left the before the third leg was to start.
503.txt: At this point, she starts to become seriously disturbed believing Warhol, and Girodias are controlling her.
1831.txt: In 1967, the Ngondoma Dam was constructed on the river 67km um you know so I mean northwest of the Kwekwe by air, and 54km southwest of Kadoma okay well um you know by air, to supply water to Empress Nickel Mine and Ngondoma Irrigation Scheme.
4414.txt: The sutra promotes the Bodhisattva ideal as a difficult, strictly uh okay okay so monastic path suited only for the few and does not mention any other central Mahayana doctrines.
2157.txt: Israel Gregg (February 20, 1775 - June 20, 1847) was you know um like you know captain of the Enterprise in 1814 during two um I mean so so voyages from Louisville to Pittsburgh, demonstrating for the first time that steamboat commerce was practical on the Ohio River.
2446.txt: Khalifa has a tattoo of the opening line of the like um you know uh Lebanese National Anthem and another of the Lebanese Forces Cross; the so well um um latter she got in 2012 after a bombing in like like so you know Lebanon, claiming it was to 'show solidarity with my father's political views'.
955.txt: During the last five years of his career, Davidson I mean okay I mean okay took 170 Test wickets at 19. 25 in 32 um I mean I mean so Tests, and after his departure, Australia struggled to well so uh okay bowl out their opposition, winning only one Test series in the next four years.
1244.txt: Greenway married in July 2006 to Jennifer Capista, a former okay like um you know track and field athlete at Iowa, the couple had a daughter, Maddyn, in summer 2007.
523.txt: Baramati is considered to be one of the so uh okay well future domestic airports in the region, with the runway um okay well uh being extended in length to accommodate larger aircraft.
2676.txt: Meanwhile Whatzat and Garcia die during an escape uh you know like okay attempt and also learn from Mrs. Glass that Whatzat name was Charlie Moore.
165.txt: According to the U. S. Census Bureau, the county has uh uh okay uh a total area of, of which is land okay well well uh and (1. 05 %) is water. T he county is like you know so like located some sixty miles north of the geographic center of Texas.
1911.txt: In 2011 Gluck wrote and directed a short, 'A Lesson uh uh um um in Love', which follows a young Hasidic couple who venture I mean I mean well so out of their segregated community to escape its laws of modesty in order to battle their infidelity.
3467.txt: Some of notable Ministers serving within this region are okay um you know so Rev. Mwamba, Rev. Karanja, Rev. Nduwamungu and Rev. Zachary Gioko.
1434.txt: He made an independent Western, 'The Sundowners' (1950) and did 'Bunco Squad' (1951) at RKO.
3030.txt: Park usually plays in a penalty killing role and is well like uh uh considered an above - average skater he also served as the you know like like well Islanders alternate captain in the 2008 -- 09 season.
3922.txt: The best strategy is also to keep I mean like you know I mean a four - of - a - kind and you know you know so okay try to throw a Yahtzee, even after the first well I mean okay well throw. The player should not keep a three - of - a - kind.
547.txt: Before leaving, John told Winston to warn everyone that he like um uh like will kill anyone who comes to find him like um well well before he flee past the watchful eyes of assassins in New York City.
1206.txt: Ghostie was among the rapists mentioned above in 'Marabou Stork Nightmares'.
2017.txt: In early January of 2011, Flipsyde announced that so so you know okay they were regrouping but this time with only three members, so well I mean you know Paige having chosen to continue pursuing her solo career and no longer tour with the band.
2321.txt: Its present form, in the style of a French like uh okay um Renaissance château, dates from the 19th century, although at its core is a 14th - century tower house.
907.txt: Dr. Murali Sivaramakrishnan is a poet, writer, painter and critic -- a specialist in Indian aesthetics and literary theory.
4264.txt: The paramedic training consist of two major parts: schooling so well okay like and internship, almost evenly divided into two one - year terms.
696.txt: Capones Island Lighthouse is a historic lighthouse located okay you know I mean okay in Capones Grande Island off the coast of San Antonio, Pundaquit in the province of Zambales, in the Philippines.
2231.txt: It is rare for a revolution to involve as much well well well uh as 1 percent of a country's population; the French, Russian, and uh I mean I mean so Romanian revolutions may have passed the 1 percent mark.
92.txt: A mayor and council were selected by uh you know so like the richer merchants and landowners; the mayor was titled the um you know so uh 'Sovereign of Naas' and carried a ceremonial mace until the post was abolished in 1840.
2482.txt: Kuchar is Slavic surname meaning 'Cook' and is pronounced 'koo - khar'.
763.txt: Clareification evolved gradually in the mid-late 1990s as I mean okay uh um a newsletter of the Union of Clare Students which was okay okay I mean so padded out with comedy articles, and gradually turned into a you know I mean uh like weekly 8 page comedy paper with only the occasional piece of real news.
684.txt: Calcium - binding proteins are proteins that participate in calcium like you know I mean um cell signalling pathways by binding to Ca 2 +, the well okay I mean well calcium ion that plays an important role in many cellular processes.
4514.txt: There are two tones, High (H) and Low like you know you know so (L), and automatic downstep, where a H following a L like um like so is always pronounced on a lower pitch than the preceding H, within the same phonological phrase.
3050.txt: Pawnship was a common form of collateral in I mean uh you know you know West Africa, which involved the pledge of a person like um you know I mean ( or a member of the person's family ) to service to a person providing credit.
3471.txt: Some time later he began to occasionally present a different uh you know okay so style show than what he'd become known for, a séance based performance entitled 'Epitaph'.
135.txt: A young girl, Rydia, is the only survivor and summons an earthquake in anger, separating Cecil and Kain.
3989.txt: The coyotes had been mutated by the FAYZ so that they okay uh um you know are now more intelligent and can speak. They take well so you know um lana to the darkness who orders her to teach the coyotes human ways.
3907.txt: The arena was built as a new home for the well okay so you know Lightning to replace the Thunderdome in St. Petersburg, well like um okay Florida, which has since changed its name to Tropicana Field and you know well you know uh is currently home to Major League Baseball's Tampa Bay Rays.
4772.txt: US official historian Samuel Morison wrote in his 1949 account so like you know I mean that the RAAF Hudson's crew failed to report the well I mean like um sighting until after they had landed and even had tea; okay uh you know okay this claim made international headlines and was repeated by many subsequent historians.
2249.txt: It is who originally created the edits that Devanampriya insinuated were uh um so you know created by JJ in his numbers 1, 2 and 4 at the top of this page.
1331.txt: He did his schooling at Sherwood College, Nainital, before uh uh well uh enrolling at the Prince of Wales Royal Military uh so well like College in Dehradun and later joined the Royal Military College, Sandhurst.
3582.txt: The 'Dalpat Vilas' is the surviving fragment of a historical well uh so you know manuscript and is the earliest known Rajput source of Mughal - Rajput relations.
3864.txt: The Union Rescue Mission in Los Angeles served 2, 500 meals like I mean I mean uh in Brenden's name, and his neighbors made 200 sandwiches in his honor.
4663.txt: This victory put an end to the war of I mean like okay um succession and by the Treaty of Guérande, in 1365, okay so so well the king of France recognized John of Montfort as duke of Brittany.
1318.txt: He composed the chorale cantata in Leipzig for the well like um you know Sunday, the Sunday before Lent, and first performed it on 11 February 1725.
1041.txt: Extra unused cards in your hand are points, and uh like uh I mean you can knock when it's your turn with 7 or so so so like less points, in lieu of drawing, and stop the um okay so I mean current hand, every one shows their hand at the time and adds up their points.
403.txt: Arriva London has gained the contract for route 67 from 27 April 2013 and 230 from 22 June 2013.
3975.txt: The company was specialized in producing armored fighting vehicles so like you know I mean. Vehicles included EE - T1 Osório, EE - 9 Cascavel, EE - 11 Urutu.
1773.txt: In 1750 Tobias was appointed bishop of Tyre and Vice-Patriarch you know um um okay and at the death of Simon Awad, Tobias succeeded at being elected patriarch on February 28, 1756.
1068.txt: Fidgeon's wife, Patrice, is associate editor of 'New Idea' magazine; he had well you know you know um a step - daughter, Kate, two children Adam and Jodie and four grandchildren Chelsea, Georgia, Ella and Emily.
1617.txt: Hindu King in Islamic India' (OUP, 2003); um like so uh scholars from the institute had collaborated with Laine on well well like like information by for his the book about the founder of the Maratha Empire, so so you know um Shivaji, which the group had viewed as being insulting to Shivaji.
1066.txt: Few WikiKnights are ready on day one, ancient scripts tell I mean uh like like of apprentices who foolishly challenged a WikiDragon and barely escaped to tell about their misadventure.
3255.txt: Samuel Pearson 'Terry' Goddard III (born January 29, 1947) was well um okay you know the Attorney General of Arizona, from 2003 to 2011, uh okay I mean like who also served as Mayor of Phoenix, Arizona, from 1984 to 1990.
2113.txt: In the summer of 1969 riots again erupted after you know I mean you know uh an Omaha police officer fatally shot a teenager named Vivian well well so well Strong in the Logan Fontenelle Projects leading to three days I mean okay um okay of rioting that effectively destroyed the Near North Omaha business area.
247.txt: After studies at Hofstra University, he worked for New York I mean like like I mean Telephone before he was elected to the New York State uh uh uh so Assembly to represent the 16th District in Northwest Nassau County in 1986.
560.txt: Benford began Executive producing Independent films in 2007 then in uh you know okay okay 2009 Vassal Benford expanded his companies and began producing, scoring, and distributing feature films.
691.txt: Camp Stanley is slated to close by 2016 in line with so okay so okay the ongoing draw - down and realignment of American forces in South Korea.
565.txt: Bernard Hunt and Bobby Locke led the qualifiers at 137; so you know like uh the qualifying score was 149 and 96 players advanced to the opening round on Wednesday.
1165.txt: Furthermore, the existence of immune complexes provides another explanation for seronegative so um okay so disease (i. E. False - negative antibody tests of blood uh um you know well and cerebrospinal fluid), as studies have shown that substantial numbers of seronegative Lyme patients have antibodies bound up in these complexes.
3491.txt: St Enoch became the passenger terminus for the Glasgow um like uh so and South Western Railway, but other companies made little I mean I mean okay like use of it; however the general goods terminal uh uh um um at College became important, and goods and mineral traffic were the dominant traffic of the through route.
4203.txt: The mute throws down a rope to allow like uh well you know him to escape and as his memory recovers he and so uh um well the mute start a journey to an unknown location.
2159.txt: It's going to be a big favourite in the okay like um you know live set - we shot the video last week I mean okay so um and invited a bunch of our friends and fans down I mean um um so to be in it and they were all singing along after the first listen.
3734.txt: The ICW - ATC became the 'India China Division ATC' (ICD um I mean okay like - ATC), while the Eastern Sector, carrying out the you know so like so Hump operation, was redesignated the 'Assam Wing', and the Western Sector support organization became the 'India Wing'.
4764.txt: Two of the boatmen are hanged but Morse does not believe that they were the perpetrators.
1545.txt: He was known for his concern for international okay okay okay um relations and is attributed for introducing coffee production as the basis of El Salvador's economy.
1611.txt: Hewish was awarded the Nobel Prize, along with Martin Ryle, um well you know um without the inclusion of Bell as a co-recipient, which stoked you know like I mean okay controversy and was roundly condemned by Hewish's fellow astronomer Sir Fred Hoyle.
1124.txt: Founded in 1928, it plays in the 3ª - you know well okay well Group 18, holding home games at 'Estadio Salto del Caballo', with a seating capacity of 5, 300.
2981.txt: Ordained in 1873, he emigrated to Kobe three years later After okay um well well a three year curacy in Liverpool Who's Who (Ibid) um uh uh like and spent the rest of his ministry there, amongst other achievements uh I mean well I mean translating The Imitation of Christ by Thomas à Kempis into the vernacular.
4413.txt: The suit was abandoned by Caldwell and according to Scott, she was never served with papers for the suit.
1948.txt: In Game Four, Vásquez substituted for starting point guard Mike Conley, uh uh so um who had gotten into foul trouble, during his 13 minutes of um you know well I mean playing time, he had nine points and two assists as Memphis won, 104 -- 86.
3144.txt: Ralph Greenleaf (born 3 November 1899 in Monmouth, Illinois, died okay okay you know uh 15 March 1950) was an American professional pool player, a twenty you know okay so I mean - time World Pocket Billiards Champion, whose ability and charisma dominated the sport during his heyday.
3463.txt: Some film sources have said that the film was co-directed by Lou Place and co-produced by Roger Corman and Samuel Z. Arkoff.
535.txt: Bayport was a station stop along the Montauk Branch and like okay okay okay the first depot opened around March 1869 and razed around 1903.
3014.txt: PERMIS is a policy based authorisation system that I mean okay like uh implements the NIST standard RBAC and provides a privilege management I mean uh uh so infrastructure using encryption technologies (X. 509 attribute certificates) to maintain users' attributes.
2010.txt: In chemistry, esters are chemical compounds that are derived you know you know well like from an inorganic acid or organic acid in which at okay uh so um least one - OH (hydroxyl) group is replaced by an - O - alkyl (alkoxy) group.
38.txt: 'Tino' founded the 'Rächer Basel', a Halbstarken group which didn't persist for a long time.
2189.txt: It has been designated as a Site of Special Scientific Interest I mean well you know okay (SSSI) and is stewarded by the Coventry and District Natural History and Scientific Society.
2740.txt: Morality ( from the Latin 'manner, character, proper behavior' ) you know uh so uh is the differentiation of intentions, decisions and actions between you know so so okay those that are distinguished as proper and those that are improper.
2928.txt: On October 17, 2008, Johnson joined ESPN / ABC okay I mean you know okay as a studio analyst for two seasons, until he received an offer to become head coach of the New Jersey Nets.
4581.txt: They enjoy the company of Peter Pan but seem so you know well you know malevolent towards everybody else, including the fairies, and show uh like well um a particular dislike of Wendy, who is Peter's 'special' female interest.
2554.txt: Lily Smith (neé Nash) made her first appearance on well okay um uh 30 November 2001 following her birth, played by Harriet Tapley and Simone Medici.
4291.txt: The premises were rebuilt and integrated in 1910 - um so I mean okay 20 to a design by Sir Reginald Blomfield and so well uh you know became a popular place of assignation for Londoners for many generations.
4141.txt: The journal is now published by Sage Publications on um well uh well behalf of the CILIP who assumed the ownership of uh well um I mean the title in 2002 following the merger of IIS with the Library Association to form CILIP.
4650.txt: This season will mark the show's debut on the FX okay I mean you know um network as well as the debut of Jon Anik as the show's host.
1140.txt: Freitas competed for his native country and won a silver medal you know like like uh at the Pan American Games in Mar del Plata, and um uh you know so afterwards turned into a professional boxer on July 14, 1995, against Adriano Jose Soares.
3970.txt: The company's largest shareholder is the world's third largest I mean well okay well company by revenue, ExxonMobil is also the second largest publicly traded company by market capitalization.
2158.txt: It's believed that Bangor Blues pre-date virtually every other okay um you know I mean product in the roofing market, so it is fitting that a like well um uh local company should take proud ownership of this prestigious brand.
874.txt: Direct metal laser sintering (DMLS) is an additive metal fabrication (sintering) okay okay you know um technology developed by EOS of Munich, Germany, often confused with the you know I mean like well similar technical processes, selective laser sintering (SLS) or selective laser melting (SLM).
3169.txt: Research indicates that Palata is from a Slavic language, and so so like I mean refers to the spears (there is a better, like like okay well liturgical word) that are crossed and planted in the ground, to indicate the presence of a church.
4753.txt: Trøgstad is a municipality in the county of Østfold, Norway and was established January 1, 1838 (see formannskapsdistrikt).
2535.txt: Lester had a half - sister and three half - brothers you know okay uh well one who is Craig Patrick, noted assistant coach 1980 um um um um U. S Olympic Hockey team and former General Manager of the Pittsburgh Penguins.
300.txt: Allen was born in Lawton, Oklahoma, where he was heavily okay you know okay okay involved with Speech and Drama and directed the senior play as a sophomore.
252.txt: After the Partition of India, the family migrated to Ahmedabad, India where he joined the Post and Telegraph Department.
755.txt: Church government is presbyterial in nature; the Bible is the church's only rule of faith and practice.
2441.txt: Kevin Fitzgerald Corrigan (born March 27, 1969) is an American well you know you know so actor best known for his portrayal of 'Uncle Eddie' on the sitcom 'Grounded For Life'.
4997.txt: Zile Huma was born into a filmi and musical I mean okay um you know family in Pre-Partition India as the youngest of the three like I mean uh um children of famed singer / actress Madam Noor Jehan and filmmaker Syed Shaukat Hussain Rizvi.
2094.txt: In the fourth chapter, 'Origins', Socarides suggested that okay like you know I mean serial killer and cannibal Jeffrey Dahmer was an extreme example of a common homosexual type.
2537.txt: Levi was elected as a Fellow of the American Academy so like um like of Arts and Sciences in 2001 and was like well you know so president of the American Political Science Association for 2004 - 05.
1269.txt: Hamilton had made callous remarks regarding Burr, believing his honor had been offended, Burr had challenged Hamilton to a duel.
470.txt: At 14 she joined the adult movie before that she work at the Salon of her young auntie.
4443.txt: The track will be teal with the bottom being neon yellow; the supports will be white.
25.txt: 'My Sweet Lord' is a song by English musician and former well like I mean you know Beatle George Harrison that was released in November 1970 on his triple album 'All Things Must Pass'.
1441.txt: He married Mary, the daughter of James Atkinson uh uh well uh of Newcastle and his eldest son, James Henry Hollis okay um okay okay Bradford, later changed his surname to Atkinson in compliance with the will of one Ralph Atkinson.
906.txt: Dr. Wood's teaching and research focuses on how communication okay um I mean uh is effected by gender, culture, personal relationships, and feminist theories.
109.txt: A reopening is scheduled for June 2018 featuring so you know um okay the premiere of a new musical, 'Moulin Rouge!', based on um okay so you know the film by Baz Luhrmann, prior to a possible Broadway run.
4756.txt: Tunisia has a very diverse population of people coming from all okay so um uh around the world though the vast majority are Arab well okay okay like / Berber (98 %) followed by European (1 %) and Jewish (1 %).
3105.txt: Primary Education in Zambia is the foundation of every you know uh okay so one who gets into school, going from grade 1 - 7 okay so you know like with students then expected to pass the exams set by um okay like like the Examination Council of Zambia at the end of the grade 7 school year.
610.txt: Born in Lyon, Ballanche was seventeen when his imagination was well well I mean I mean marked for life by the horrors of the Revolution when okay okay I mean um in 1793 the city's royalist revolt against the I mean well uh um authority of the revolutionary Convention ended with guillotining or summary execution of about 700 people.
3088.txt: Portugal has qualified for thirteen individual quota places, six in men's well like I mean uh events and seven in women's events, based on the results at the 2014 Canoe Sprint European Championships.
2352.txt: Jayah served 27 years as the well um I mean okay principal of Zahira college, until his retirement in 1948, which is generally considered as the golden age of the Zahira College.
1342.txt: He founded the Sanatan Dharma Maha Sabha in like you know um um 1952, which grew into the major Hindu organisation in Trinidad and Tobago.
29.txt: 'Queen of the Night' is a song by Whitney Houston, like like I mean uh and was the fifth and final single released from the 'The Bodyguard' soundtrack album.
438.txt: As he is rebuked for his foiled plan, the Frenchmen launch the like like like I mean rabbit out of the castle by means of a catapult.
4616.txt: This can be shown dramatically when a molecule is um so I mean okay adsorbed on a surface - the STM image may appear like um okay so to have either INCREASED or DECREASED height at that feature, you know okay um like although the geometry alone is certainly an INCREASED height.
3190.txt: Roaring Lion achieved fame for his linguistic prowess, and okay like I mean okay many of his 'war calypsos' (essentially insult songs) presage the you know um well you know lyrics of similar hip hop songs by over 50 years.
3191.txt: Robert 'Bob' Hastie (27 July 1861 -- 9 April 1914) was like well okay um an Australian politician who was a member of like well um like the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia from 1901 to 1905.
294.txt: All male bodybuilders work towards achieving a physique similar to okay I mean uh um that of Jan Be, who is also known for his witty uh you know like well 'Janter', whereas female competitors attempt to become Jan's sister who is described as both 'lethal' and 'delicious'.
4226.txt: The nitride ion (N 3 −) is isoelectronic with I mean well so okay the oxide anion, O 2 −, and the fluoride anion, F like well okay you know − and has an ionic radius estimated to be 140 pm.
586.txt: Blanche of Lancaster (March 25, 1345 -- September 12, uh well uh so 1369 Bolingbroke Castle) was an English noblewoman, daughter of so uh um okay Henry of Grosmont, 1st Duke of Lancaster by his wife Isabel de Beaumont.
1852.txt: In 1990, John Cofran, using census records, said that she was born you know um well I mean as Ada C. McCord, in Memphis, Tennessee in late 1830, the you know like so well daughter of an Irish merchant Richard McCord and his wife Catherine.
2390.txt: Johnson gave birth to her second child, a girl, in you know I mean well so May 2007, whom she named Clover, and announced plans to have a third child within two years.
2111.txt: In the summer of 1785 Hülsen attended the university so uh like okay of Halle, to study theology, but instead occupied himself with Classical philology.
1367.txt: He has established 20 science companies during his career, and was twice elected 'Cambridge Businessman of the Year'.
3831.txt: The Shaiva ascetic worldview emphasizes a radical separation from the okay well like uh mainstream social world and complete commitment to liberation from so okay well you know Samsara, the cycle of birth and death, while Vaishnavas emphasize okay like okay okay remaining engaged in the non-sadhu social world through compassionate service.
4286.txt: The popular notion of black clothing is likely rooted in uh you know so okay artistic convention; early drawings of ninja were showed them um like uh um dressed in black in order to portray a sense of invisibility.
1638.txt: His first action was to move against the barbarian like uh uh you know tribes that had been gathered by Aurelian for his Eastern like okay so you know campaign, and which had plundered the Eastern Roman provinces after Aurelian had been murdered and the campaign cancelled.
4864.txt: West Virginia Route 971 is a short north - south state highway in Wyoming County, West Virginia.
1576.txt: He wrote almost 800 poems, seven theatrical plays and some um well well like prose. Many og the writings were of high quality well I mean you know I mean and aimed to criticize the Establishment or advocate diverse social and cultural issues.
127.txt: A variation of this song is also used at Disney well uh uh like World's Magic Kingdom 'HalloWishes' fireworks show, and in parades at you know uh like um Disneyland Paris Resort and Hong Kong Disneyland during the Halloween season.
389.txt: Antony 'Ratt' Crowther is a former designer, programmer and musician like okay well so of Commodore 64 games, during the 1980s, working for I mean you know well um Alligata, Gremlin Graphics and later Crowther's own company, Wizard Development.
4868.txt: When Admiral Yi is portrayed as a boy, he is so so um okay shown to be a weak, shy, and lonely so well well um boy when in fact he showed leadership and creativity at an early age.
3941.txt: The case also attracted international attention and Gerard Croiset, uh I mean like well a parapsychologist (and reputed psychic) from the Netherlands, was brought so okay you know okay to Australia, causing a media frenzy; however, his story changed from day to day and offered no clues.
4410.txt: The study of mathematics as a subject in its you know like uh so own right begins in the 6th century BC with the uh so so like Pythagoreans, who coined the term 'mathematics' from the ancient Greek 'μάθημα' ( 'mathema' ), meaning 'subject of instruction'.
4541.txt: There were rumours of a few scenes of uh you know uh I mean love between Alauddin and Padmini in this film, which led like like uh well to protests from a Rajput caste organization called Shri Rajput so uh okay well Karni Sena, whose members accused Bhansali of distorting history.
3073.txt: Phonology also encompasses variations in pronunciation that help to explain patterns in the pronunciation of words.
229.txt: After losing Kettle Hill, Linares's men still on San Juan Hill like so uh well began to fire on the Rough Riders' newly won position so um so so on the summit, using both small arms and time - fused artillery shells, causing several casualties.
1487.txt: He served as Master of Roxbury High School you know uh so you know from 1919 to 1924 and Jr. Master from 1924 to so okay okay well 1926, head of department from 1926 to 29, and professor from 1929 to 1934 at Boston Technical College.
3640.txt: The Battle of Wizards' is a simple turn based strategy I mean like you know um game where the player (s) take the role of wizards who vie with one another to rule the game.
3726.txt: The Guardia Civil is a Spanish military police and civilian you know okay uh well police force founded in 1844 by Queen Isabel II of uh I mean okay okay Spain after the First Carlist War to assure the uh so um uh occupation within the newly created borders at the Pyrenees.
262.txt: After the treaty was signed, Shanti Bahini insurgents formally laid well I mean so uh down their arms and received monetary compensation from the government and uh uh you know like more than 50, 000 displaced people were able to return to their homes.
224.txt: After impressing for Portadown Henry got the chance um uh I mean I mean to move to Royal Antwerp FC however due to uh you know well I mean homesickness McStay ended his contract with the Belgian club at um well I mean uh the end of January 2008 and went in search of a new start in Britain.
1814.txt: In 1936, the 106 Aero Squadron was consolidated with the um well well I mean 106th Observation Squadron of the Alabama National guard which had uh um uh you know been founded as the 135th Observation Squadron by former WWI ace, James Armand Meissner on 21 January 1922.
242.txt: After serving a tour in the U. S. Army, I mean uh I mean you know he returned to New York in 1953 and started writing, okay you know I mean I mean first for 'Women's Wear Daily 'and then for the' Chicago Tribune'.
4970.txt: Wright was born in London, England and died in Ryde, Sydney, New South Wales.
2752.txt: Most of the volunteers left between 1999 and I mean okay well well 2001, and by mid- 2002 the support portion of ePeople was removed.
1718.txt: However, previously mated females are driven by a different so okay well you know reason, the fact that they are less likely to be attractive to males.
33.txt: 'Someday' is a song by Canadian rock band Nickelback, released I mean well like um by Nickelback in August 2003 as the lead single from their 2003 album 'The Long Road'.
4878.txt: When a relative of Andrew Butler, Preston Brooks, heard so well uh well of it, he felt that Sumner's behavior merited less um so well I mean than a duel and so beat him senseless on the floor of the Senate with a wooden walking cane.
4972.txt: Xavier Rudd grew up in Torquay, Victoria, where he attended St Joseph's College, Geelong.
4469.txt: The week after that he went back to like well so so being called Johnny Devine as well as betraying his fellow so um like so X Division stars and accompanying Team 3D to the ring for um I mean okay you know matches, leading to Ray and Devon giving him the nickname 'Brother Devine'.
2217.txt: It is her first single for Republic Nashville, and I mean so you know I mean served as the lead - off single fromher album 'Eleven', which was released on October 11, 2011.
3504.txt: Statewide board examinations are conducted at the end of you know so so I mean the period of secondary education and students who um uh like like qualify are allowed to pursue a two - year pre-university course; I mean you know you know so after which students become eligible to pursue under - graduate degrees.
4583.txt: They followed the trail to 'Peg - leg' Jim Wilson's like like uh uh ranch on Eagle Creek the evening of May 31 where they spent the night.
2383.txt: John R. Cooper (born 1947), is a Republican member of uh you know well um the Arkansas State Senate and a retiree from American Telephone and Telegraph in Jonesboro, Arkansas.
2566.txt: Located in Chanakyapuri, New Delhi, CRIS was established as um um um I mean a registered society in 1986 by the Ministry of Railways well well uh uh of India, as an umbrella organization for all computer activities on Indian Railways (IR).
52.txt: A Cryocooler is a standalone cooler of table - top um I mean so uh size which is used to cool some particular application to cryogenic temperatures.
3303.txt: Several religions have prospered simultaneously and at different periods you know well like okay of time and elements of Hinduism, Buddhism, Jainism and Islam can be found in the city.
1984.txt: In September 2014, Jean Sulpice participated in the Epicure uh well like um Culinary Festival in Zürich and in June 2014, he took um uh I mean so part in a culinary workshop, organized by Uncle Ben's, with parents and children.
4979.txt: Yeovil Country Park, which includes Ninesprings, is one of several open spaces with educational, cultural and sporting facilities.
116.txt: A song belongs on the list below 'only' if so I mean well well the song is notably about Portland, although the song may you know um okay like additionally be notable for other reasons too; therefore, you know uh so I mean this list does not include notable songs that merely mention Portland in passing.
3157.txt: Reckless was educated at Marlborough College, before He graduating in like okay well okay PPE from Christ Church, Oxford; before receiving an MBA from Columbia Business School.
391.txt: Apprenticed to the hatter's trade, he moved to Danbury, Connecticut, in 1887 and was employed as a journeyman hatter.
1103.txt: For example, mixtapes can contain original beats with samples like okay so okay in them that have not been cleared, however there you know I mean okay um is generally no legal recourse because the mixtape is free and so no profit is being made from the work.
2475.txt: Koshinski was part of the team that created the new FM uh um so okay all - sports format and had success against WGR you know so um uh - 550 AM until Adelphia sold the station to WGR's owner, Entercom Communications, in 2004.
1099.txt: For a better understanding we have to realise that so uh okay well until the mid 20th century houses were heated by open um you know well uh fires in chimneys or by stoves, and the lack okay you know okay well of isolation made many a house very draughty and cold during winter.
1509.txt: He turned professional in 1982, joining Peugeot, before moving on to well okay you know like Fangor, before joining the American team 7 - Eleven and later team Motorola, where he rode with Lance Armstrong.
3992.txt: The crystals operated in the shortwave radio range, and were developed to detect both white and ultraviolet light.
1829.txt: In 1962, she co-founded Siliconix, one of Silicon Valley's first so um uh I mean semiconductor houses and is the only woman included in the 'Semiconductor Family Tree'.
4070.txt: The first post-war model was the 1948 Mark V um I mean um well available with either 2. 5 - or 3. 5 - I mean okay like I mean litre engines, and it had a more streamlined appearance so like well like than pre-war models, but more important was the change to independent front suspension and hydraulic brakes.
3537.txt: Suraj reaches the place where Amar and Suraj used okay uh um well to go and Amar who felt the voice of his friend calling him rushed to the place.
79.txt: A group of friends looking for the ultimate high try I mean like well uh their hands at a ouija board, they don't realize okay so uh um at first that they have summonned a jinn, who can you know like I mean you know only be free once the people who summoned him are dead.
2968.txt: One of the reasons for his early popularity okay okay so okay was his post-match courtesy to the fans; after each I mean okay you know like match, he would walk to every corner of the ground and applaud the Liverpool supporters.
4438.txt: The town is home to Halstead Cricket Club which fields three teams in the Marshall Hatchick Two Counties Championship.
4656.txt: This temple is an Irratai sannithi temple ie. There are two moolavars.
4952.txt: With the death of Kerins in June 1944, the I mean so I mean I mean IRA no longer had a Chief of Staff, there was you know okay okay so no longer a GHQ, or even an IRA Army Council, there okay uh like so wasn't even a band of men to lead and call the IRA.
4397.txt: The spouse of a jonkheer is not named jonkvrouw okay well like okay but 'Madam', abbreviated as 'Mrs.' ( with the use of her husband's name ).
4379.txt: The sixth, seventh, and eighth Gurus did not write uh I mean uh well religious verses, however the ninth Guru, Guru Tegh Bahadur I mean okay you know like did and the tenth Guru, Guru Gobind Singh included Guru Tegh Bahadur's writings into Guru Granth Sahib Ji.
1500.txt: He studied law in Cortland, New York, and was admitted to the bar in 1893.
4702.txt: Thus a tipping point may be passed without any immediately obvious consequences, nor any acceleration of the warming process.
4342.txt: The scientific explanation for the incident, attested by Indian well so so okay academics, was that the material was pulled up from the um um like uh offering bowls by Hindu worshipper at a temple in south you know I mean well uh New Delhi made an offering of milk to a statue of Ganesha.
2019.txt: In fact few villagers would step out of their houses okay I mean I mean so. Apparantly, the leopard was so bold that it would bang like uh well you know down doors, leap through windows, or claw through the mud or thatch walls of huts.
1188.txt: Gene Cornish (born May 14th, 1945) is I mean uh so you know an original member of the popular' 60s blue - eyed soul band the Rascals.
2506.txt: Later, after Homer was told of his existence and sought like um uh okay out and found him; he lost his entire fortune okay okay okay well and became a homeless person when he unwisely asked Homer to design his new model car for him.
4297.txt: The princess later forgave him for taking her to the okay um uh you know dragon, but the memory of tying her to the um uh um well stake, awaiting death with her eyes open and dry, um okay um well still sometimes disturbs his dreams... That she was rescued and survived only eases the horror a little.
3915.txt: The band's first album, 'Only the Dead See the End you know so I mean um of the War', was produced by Alex Skolnick of Testament and was made available on March 9, 2010.
1181.txt: Gareth Craig Snell (born 1 January 1986) is a okay well like you know British Labour Co-operative politician, who was elected the Member of uh well okay um Parliament (MP) for Stoke - on - Trent Central like I mean like okay at the 2017 Stoke - on - Trent Central by - election.
3623.txt: The Ambashtha Community in India is spread thin into like so uh okay various states, and their easiest identification is by the last (surname) name.
4833.txt: Victor never knew his father and is anxious to obtain um so you know um the information from his mother but she never um well I mean you know recognises him when he visits and so he asks Denny to pose as him and ask her questions.
1764.txt: Immediately the insects and they're queen established a nest uh I mean okay I mean in the mine, after this the insects began to abduct any nearby humans, presumably for food.
4267.txt: The path descends an incline to the River Ribble, where once a stationary steam engine hauled waggons up the hill.
200.txt: After a number of preliminary meetings Payne Best and Stevens met um you know okay so with Major Walter Schellenberg of the Foreign Intelligence (Counter-Espionage), who was masquerading as a 'Hauptmann (Captain) Schämmel'.
320.txt: Although Pinky and the Brain plan to conquer the world, okay like you know so they do not show much; in a Christmas special Pinky like so uh you know even wrote to Santa that Brain had the world's best interests at heart.
1729.txt: However the Liberals were suffering from heightened internal tensions, well okay uh so and John Olsen had successfully challenged Dean Brown like you know so like for the Liberal leadership in 1996 and had been Premier so okay you know okay of South Australia for around 12 months on election day.
678.txt: By the time he was 18, he claimed he hag year so um okay you know the second outing of Eight Women was far more um uh uh uh successful as it won the Hachette Prix du Quai des Orfevres for Best Play in 1961.
1258.txt: Hajj Nematollah (1871 -- February 28, 1919) was I mean okay I mean like born in Jeyhounabad, Iran and is considered one of like like well um the greatest leaders and mystics in Kurdish and Ahl - e Haqq history.
821.txt: Curtis Moffat (1887 1949) was a pioneering abstract uh um so uh photographer, painter, and is considered an iconic pivotal figure in Modernist interior design.
2585.txt: Lydia is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera 'EastEnders', played by Marlaine Gordon between 1995 and 1996.
4135.txt: The is the only BMT Broadway service that does so like uh uh not stop here, since it bypasses using the center express okay I mean like okay tracks on its way to / from its northern terminus at 57th Street.
499.txt: At the start of the War of Spanish Succession Portugal had okay so I mean um allied with France, as part of this treaty the French had guaranteed the Portuguese naval protection.
2820.txt: Nikolaos Doxaras (1710 - 1775) was a Greek painter, of the Heptanese School, born in the Ionian islands.
4462.txt: The village has four pubs, The popular, Miners Arms, The well you know I mean okay Horse and Jockey and the Robin Hood, two Working Men's so you know so so Clubs one of which has been converted into a community centre called The Brig.
3501.txt: State Highway 1 crosses the Manawatu Plain, passing okay I mean well uh the city of Palmerston North about 20 km west of well you know I mean okay it, passing through the town of Foxton, before reaching the you know I mean I mean so end of the plain at the town of Levin.
4459.txt: The video caused Fujimori's remaining support to collapse, and immediately I mean like you know so he announced the firing of Montesinos, dissolution of the intelligence service um well so um and new elections -- in which he would not run.
4300.txt: The program consisted of two orbiters and two like uh well I mean landers -- these were the first two spacecraft to successfully land on Mars.
1048.txt: Fairhaven is a small seaside town on the you know well you know uh south coast, bordering the Acushnet River to the west and Buzzards Bay to the south.
345.txt: Among the competitors in the Juvenile was the you know uh um so highly regarded California champion Bertrando, future Eclipse Award winner, like like you know I mean who came into the Breeders' Cup having won the Grade I Norfolk Stakes and the Del Mar Futurity.
4509.txt: There are several amenities in the village such like like okay well as the local GAA pitch and two pubs, and is home to renowned fiddle player Connie O'Connell.
2810.txt: Nick Holden (born 15 May 1987 in St. Albert, Alberta) um okay so so is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who made his like like you know you know debut in the NHL with the Columbus Blue Jackets during the 2010 -- 11 NHL season.
291.txt: All forms of English refer to U. S well um I mean like. Citizens as 'Americans', a term deriving from 'America'; in the I mean uh well I mean English context, it came to refer to inhabitants of British North America, and then the United States.
3086.txt: Pope Innocent I even agreed to it, provided they be you know I mean well well done in private, but the pagan priests said it okay well I mean so could only be done publicly in the Roman forum, and the idea was abandoned.
3496.txt: Stanley Walter Pawloski (born September 6, 1931 in Wanamie, Pennsylvania) I mean I mean you know um is an American former Major League Baseball second baseman who you know well so well played in two games for the Cleveland Indians during the 1955 Cleveland Indians season.
3495.txt: Stan, Francine and Hayley find themselves in the goo, and so like um well Francine blames Stan, until they realize that 'Steve', who well uh okay well was missing, put them in the goo as, like Stan, he wanted time away from the rest of the family.
2286.txt: It was established in 1858 by the Spanish colonial um well okay uh authorities as the Jardín Botánico, which has been well like okay well claimed as Asia's first botanical garden, although it was so I mean well so predated by others such as the Acharya Jagadish Chandra Bose Indian Botanic Garden.
2685.txt: Men's sports include basketball, cross country, golf, soccer and track well okay okay you know & field; while women's sports include basketball, cross country, golf, soccer, track & field and volleyball.
832.txt: Danzig defeated Justin Buchholz on February 6, 2010, at UFC uh so I mean like 109 by unanimous decision with all three judges scoring I mean like well uh it 29 -- 28 for Danzig, snapping his three - fight losing streak.
944.txt: During the 90s, LaCazio sang occasional backup for artists from so um um well Corey Hart to Purple Mountain Matinee and made an um okay uh I mean album, 'Eat Life', that was released June 23rd, 2009.
1746.txt: Ian Wallace (born September 29, 1946 in Bury, England, died um you know so well February 22, 2007 in Los Angeles) was a rock drummer so okay like like and session musician, best known as a member of progressive rock group King Crimson from 1971 - 1972.
3806.txt: The Panthers went 1 - 15, winning only their opener, um uh uh well thus setting the record for most consecutive losses during a single you know like well I mean season in NFL history, which has since been broken by the 2008 Detroit Lions.
3718.txt: The Georgetown University School of Nursing and Health Studies (NHS) you know well I mean uh has, since its founding in 1903, been at uh I mean okay you know the forefront of education in the health care field, offering many programs unique to America's elite institutions.
4808.txt: Upon moving to New York City in 2004 from Nashville, like like so you know Jim found a position at Marvel Comics handling publicity like uh uh so and PR for publishing while managing press and panels at conventions.
4377.txt: The six aircraft crew were Spanish employees of Airbus you know well well so Defence and Space, four of them were killed and two were seriously injured.
406.txt: Art and Industry', coauthored with Joseph Anderson, which gave the first English language account of Japanese film.
2397.txt: Joshua Givens, an interpreter, was widely suspected of being like well I mean um dishonest, and was accused of forcing some to sign and um well okay okay tricking others into thinking they were signing against the agreement.
2251.txt: It may receive government funds, however, it's board must be independent.
2237.txt: It is the 'Home Of The Lloyd Loom,' a reference to wicker furniture maker Lloyd / Flanders.
3431.txt: Since the vehicles are battery powered, there's no need for electrification well like like so along the track, instead the vehicles recharge when parked at the stations.
4011.txt: The earthquake originated in the Southern Appalachian Seismic Zone okay like well I mean (SASZ), among the most active seismic areas in the Southeastern United you know you know um I mean States and one capable of producing moderately strong earthquakes, a few of which cause damage.
702.txt: Carl - Heinz Birnbacher (26 May 1910 in Villach you know I mean well I mean -- 5 December 1991) was a German naval officer I mean like okay so during World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross of Nazi Germany.
1231.txt: Graham Upton (born 30 April 1944) was the Vice-Chancellor of Oxford Brookes University, from September 1997 to August 2007.
2003.txt: In an interview with 'Billboard', Ameriie discussed two album you know so you know okay tracks, 'Sodom & G' and 'Run for Cover': '(' Run you know I mean you know so for Cover' is ) kind of like a metaphor (for) self suppression.
91.txt: A lyric video was released on I mean you know uh um February 1, 2017, featuring Grande in an oversized so okay uh like down jacket dancing and singing in front of a row of spotlights.
1425.txt: He landed to claim it as salvage, having detected no life so so okay uh - signs aboard, but replies that 'the crew objected', even though there was nothing alive on the planet.
1029.txt: Eventually she decided to go to Europe where okay um I mean okay she spent a number of months studying with Sara Charles - Cahier before launching a highly successful European singing tour.
2070.txt: In the 2001 Singapore General Election, Chee led another team well like well okay that lost, garnering only 20. 2 % of the votes in Jurong GRC in 2001.
1475.txt: He resigned from his seat on the council in 1801 I mean okay uh you know due to poor health and died at Round Hill three years later at the age of 57.
556.txt: Ben Finney built a 40 - foot replica of a Hawaiian well well uh um double canoe 'Nalehia' and tested it in a series of sailing and paddling experiments in Hawaiian waters.
2783.txt: NC - IUPHAR acts as the scientific advisory and I mean okay well you know editorial board for the database and its network of over so um uh well 700 specialist advisors (organised into ~ 60 subcommittees) contribute expertise and data.
4146.txt: The largest building in this hamlet is Monkton Wyld Court, okay you know you know I mean a Victoria Gothic pile with terraced south facing lawns, a dairy farm and an organic walled kitchen garden.
3185.txt: Ringside seats were $ 150, each man was guaranteed 2. 5 like um okay like million dollars, in addition to the millions who watched on I mean okay you know you know closed - circuit screens around the world the Garden like so okay um was packed with a sellout crowd of 20, 455 that provided a gate of $ 1. 5 million.
4357.txt: The senior male team for Kenya won their 22nd like like so like team title in 24 years despite the fact that no okay um um uh senior male runner from Kenya has won an individual title since 1999.
980.txt: Echomimetic is an adjective that is best explained uh okay like like in English by the term onomatopoeic, i. E. Derived from well okay well okay onomatopoeia as the latter noun is used in philology and you know so uh uh literature and in the explanation of the origin of words in dictionaries.
2975.txt: Ono - i - Lau is a volcanic and coral island in Fiji's Lau archipelago.
2508.txt: Later, he settled down in Conakry; the Sandervalia district of the city is named after him.
4470.txt: The western terminus of I - 184 is with okay so well you know I - 84; the eastern terminus 13th Street in downtown so uh like I mean Boise, where I - 184 empties eastbound traffic onto Myrtle Street and receives westbound traffic from Front Street.
1699.txt: However, after getting hopelessly lost he returns to his home so um so okay town and, not wanting to go home, visits his old basketball coach, Marty Tothero.
4853.txt: WarGrowlmon is a fictional character from the Digimon franchise, a Cyborg - type Digimon, the Ultimate form of Guilmon.
3620.txt: The Alcatel brand was licensed by Alcatel - Lucent uh I mean well uh to TCL for mobile phones and devices and this license expires at the end of 2024.
1221.txt: Golo Mann (March 27, 1909 - April 7, 1994 Leverkusen) was the third child of novelist Thomas Mann.
4503.txt: There are currently five houses in the school, so you know well uh corresponding to the five forms of entry, And there is a like okay you know well sixth house, called Datchelor, which will be introduced in September 2014.
3625.txt: The American anthropologist Clifford Geertz published his most famous you know I mean um well work, ', in which he argued that the well well so I mean cockfight served as a pastiche of wider Balinese society from so I mean I mean you know which judgments about other aspects of the culture could be drawn.
2706.txt: Mike Bezos worked his way through the University of New so uh well um Mexico; married Jacklyn; and adopted 4 - year - I mean okay so you know old Jeff Jorgensen, whose surname was then changed to Bezos.
1493.txt: He still appears on 'Around the Horn' and recently began writing a column for AOL Sports.
4915.txt: While the Gonarch is not encountered in 'Half - Life 2', um so so I mean an amputated part of it exists as an unused model a file in the leak version of 'Half - Life 2'.
2650.txt: Martha Tracy (April 10, 1876 - 1942) became the first so I mean I mean um professor of preventive medicine of the Woman's Medical okay like so okay College of Pennsylvania (WMC), and served as its Dean from 1917 to 1940 during the Great Depression.
2678.txt: Megan Paige (Dushku) is an investigator for the Rochester Police you know uh so like Department who is assigned to investigate the murder um so okay well of a young girl named Carla Castillo, whose body um like uh so is found in the nearby village of Churchville with some white cat hair on it.
3069.txt: Philip tells the archdeacon Waleran and travels to Kingsbridge Priory you know you know you know uh where he is made prior there in a deal with Waleran, who becomes bishop.
3278.txt: Season four featured a version called Doc Ock Holliday who well um like like lived in a Western dimension did away with the so okay like um Sheriff and took over as Sheriff; what nobody knows is um you know um um that Doc Ock Holliday actually brainwashed the Sheriff into being the Phantom Rider.
4635.txt: This let the palace restored by Annibale Lippi, who possibly gave to the facade its definive shape.
1874.txt: In 2001, depressed by the failure of his drug well you know uh okay rehabilitation program and after finding out that he had only well um like I mean a few months left to live, he committed suicide well uh uh well on 11 July by jumping from the roof of the Amsterdam Hilton Hotel at the age of 54.
4797.txt: Unlike most other neurotransmitters that only transmit information from I mean so I mean well a presynaptic to a postsynaptic neuron, the small nitric I mean I mean I mean you know oxide molecule can diffuse all over and can thereby so so uh um act on several nearby neurons, even on those not connected by a synapse.
4312.txt: The radar range was still low (27 km was quite uh uh I mean you know normal for a fighter - sized target) and the uh um I mean um loss rate remained high, with peaks in 1973 and 1975 (ten F - 104s of all versions lost).
2260.txt: It reappears in Battle of the Labyrinth and The Last Olympian, but as a small part in his life.
4415.txt: The system continued to drift westwards and strengthened rapidly, uh uh um uh that on midnight, that day, the JMA furhter upgraded you know like like so the system into a Tropical Storm, naming it Nock - Ten.
2992.txt: Otak - otak is made by mixing fish paste (usually mackerel) uh well well like with a mixture of spices including chillies, garlic, shallots, turmeric, lemon grass and coconut milk.
1093.txt: Following this Harrington won the 2006 European Tour Order I mean you know well okay of Merit, Ccoming after a titanic battle with Paul like so you know um Casey and David Howell, which was won on the last hole of the last event.
54.txt: A Holiday Collection' was released in 2008, a duo album featuring two original compositions by pianist / co-producer Matt Treder.
3858.txt: The Traverse City Junior High was built in the um uh okay uh 1980s for grades 7th - 9th which became Traverse City West Junior High.
4106.txt: The ground level of the station is occupied okay okay so I mean by several bus lanes of the Jalan Sultan Mohamed bus so like uh I mean hub, where there is also a Rapid Bus Customer Service Office.
2911.txt: On February 22, 2016, the series was picked up for so I mean well so an eight episode first season which began filming in June 2016 in Atlanta.
3448.txt: Snekkersten is a small borough of Helsingør Commune located 4 km. South of central Helsingør, Denmark.
4277.txt: The platforms saw another innovation: platform edge doors, to I mean you know uh like improve airflow and prevent people from jumping or falling onto the line.
3207.txt: Romania, from 1939 to 1944, was an ally of Nazi Germany during World War II, and echoed its anti-Semitic policies.
2222.txt: It is located in the growing south side uh like uh like of the city, at the southwest corner of the busiest like I mean um well intersection in Abilene at Buffalo Gap Road and US 83/84 (Winters Freeway).
4120.txt: The idea was that on reaching canal, um like well you know wall or other obstacle the tank would stop and well I mean like like the rockets fired causing the ramps to unfold and be thrown over the obstacle.
3792.txt: The Nature Center was built on 18. 3 uh well well so of 22 acres that was split off the Simpsonville Mill you know um um I mean property by the Simpsons in 1891 and sold to well uh like you know Sophia Stern; it was later purchased by James and Anne Robinson in 1957.
2180.txt: It eats leaves, herbs, twigs and green plants like clover and in the winter it may eat bark.
429.txt: As a result of this strengthening industrial manufacturing and services um I mean well okay were crowded out and became non-competitive on world markets, a phenomenon uh well well well that is often referred to in economics literature as Dutch disease.
3476.txt: Soon after arriving the village, he meets his old friend uh I mean I mean okay Vasu (Ali), Vasu warns ranga to leave the place and forget about his land revealing the danger about that place.
4445.txt: The transferred wear debris and created lumps penetrate the okay like so uh opposing oxide surface layer and cause damage to the underlying bulk so uh you know like material, allowing continuous plastic deformation, plastic flow, and accumulation of energy and temperature.
1744.txt: IMDb In the early 1990s, Frederik van Pallandt settled in the so like like I mean Philippines where he and his Filipino girlfriend, Susannah, were shot dead in 1994.
65.txt: A crook is also a slang term for a um well I mean um criminal or a person of questionable morality; the adjective crooked can refer to such persons or actions.
2827.txt: Nisbet married Isabella Frances Fairweather in 1875 and died in well you know okay you know London on 1 April 1899, following a longer term lung infection, and was survived by his wife and two children.
3643.txt: The Big Mound Key - Boggess Ridge Archeological District is a I mean so like uh U. S. National Historic Landmark (designated as such okay like uh okay on December 3, 1990) located southeast of Placida, Florida, on Big Mound Key.
2745.txt: Most Filipinos own firearms for self - protection and target - shooting, which require licenses.
4169.txt: The main objective of the game is to prevent I mean like uh like balloons, known in - game as 'bloons,' from well okay okay you know reaching the end of a defined track on a uh so uh okay playing field which consists of one or more entrances and exits for the bloons.
4282.txt: The playing surface was often described as being rocky or you know like um so sandy and the football team found it difficult um so so uh to schedule home games as opposing teams did not want to play on the surface.
3913.txt: The bakery's malasadas were Foodspotting's top 'Hawaii food find', um so you know well and 'USA Today' described the doughnuts as having become 'a Hawaiian icon'.
550.txt: Before the invasion Louis William recruited Serb rebels all well okay like uh over Serbia, whose infantry units were called well so so you know 'hayduks' while cavalry units of Serb rebels were called 'Serbian husars'.
2431.txt: Katsuya huddles into a corner with fear and the shadow of something descending from the ceiling is cast on him.
2405.txt: Julia Child and Paul Child in the OSS '(NY: Simon & you know okay okay like Schuster, 2011), 241 DuBois and Taylor,' her companion, 'according to so okay you know like her Harvard Library biographer,' enjoyed an active social life' in the 1970s.
3040.txt: Passages are currently followed by a single prompt, though in um I mean well um older tests (pre- 2007), a few questions were followed by two prompts.
1747.txt: Ibn Rassam is widely known to have invented the you know so uh you know techniques through which he obtained copper from varieties of malachite, he also ascertained indigo by heating various substances.
878.txt: Disturbance of Botum Sakor National Park is extremely high, with an you know uh okay like estimated 229 km² of evergreen forest lost in the okay uh like well years 1997 - 2002 through illegal logging (~ 30 km² / year).
1287.txt: Hayes was married with four children and resided in Sydney's Eastern Suburbs.
4322.txt: The rest of his family also left Shanghai soon well um well like afterwards: his two younger siblings left for the UK um uh um I mean in 1946, and his mother remarried and moved to Malaysia.
1457.txt: He played college football at the University of Miami and like so you know like is the cousin of Brian Rolle of the Philadelphia Eagles.
3952.txt: The church was built of granite, faced with you know well um uh Dutch bricks and adorned with 18 iron - trimmed Palladian windows I mean well so like placed between buttressing supports and an ornate arched entry door with iron fittings.
1186.txt: Gavin Esler is currently one of the three main presenters on BBC so like you know um 2's flagship political analysis programme, Newsnighthe joined the okay uh like well programme in January 2003; he replaced Jeremy Vinewho took over from veteran Radio 2 presenter Jimmy Young.
2668.txt: McLean and Hirsch continued to share starts in 1996 -- uh so you know well 97, as McLean appeared in 44 games with a 21 - 18 - 3 record and 3. 21 GAA.
4464.txt: The vinyl EP was released with six tracks, and released I mean so I mean I mean on cassette in 1986 with additional tracks expanding the release to a full - length album.
3374.txt: She tells him that the IRA tried and so well uh like convicted him in absentia, and she forces him to agree uh you know okay I mean to help with a new mission to aid in assassinating a judge.
1369.txt: He has led the Democratic Forum for Labour and okay I mean well um Liberties (FDTL), a political party, since 1994, and he like well um well briefly held the post of Minister of Health in January 2011 as part of an interim government.
3918.txt: The band recorded a further two albums, 'Get like I mean you know uh Behind Me Satan' in 2005 and 'Icky Thump' in well uh well uh 2007 before announcing their split in 2011 after a lengthy hiatus from performing and recording.
455.txt: As the deadline for 2009 registration passed, Torpedo Moscow okay I mean uh so was not reinstated in the Second Division and they played well I mean well so in the amateur Third division, yet eventually they managed you know okay you know um to reach the First Division after 2 consecutive promotions.
868.txt: Developmental events that have seemed to serve so you know you know well no useful function can now be seen to be carrying out so you know uh okay these latter two evolutionary functions and can lead us okay you know okay you know to ask new kinds of questions about how development works, as well as how it may function in evolution.
4422.txt: The technique was developed by Guillaume Corpart Muller in uh uh okay I mean 2007 Reforma, Sept 6, 2009, Mexico Canal 11, Once Noticias, you know um like you know Sept 1, 2009, Mexico and later evolved to be applied so well um so to other daytime and evening settings such as lucha libre and sea creatures.
846.txt: Debuting in 1989/90, the right handed batsman has made over uh well um okay 8000 runs in his career yet has failed to um um so like catch the eyes of the national selectors, although he has represented the Rest of Pakistan.
3273.txt: Sculptron was the first electronic sculpture in Australia (Patrick McCaughey, I mean so uh well The Age 11 July 1967) and was designed with engineering assistance by Tim Berriman.
4356.txt: The second tube was in lifted into place 7 January 1850, uh um um okay a single line was open to public traffic through these I mean um um so tubes 18 March 1850, and the second line was open 19 October.
546.txt: Before he auditioned for 'The X Factor', Callahan was part well okay I mean well of various bands until deciding to go solo in 2012, releasing his debut single 'Runaway Train' in December 2012.
4124.txt: The inaugural Principal was Mr Reidal who managaed the school you know like okay uh from 1953 to 1956, the next principal was Bill Walker who served from 1957 to 1959.
4593.txt: They named this new partnership 'Batlló i Batlló', which had several labour problems and lasted until 1889.
718.txt: Cedar Bay is a national park in Queensland, Australia, so I mean okay like northwest of Brisbane, south of Cooktown and accessible only by boat or foot.
4380.txt: The soccer team is class D in the Maine Principals um um um I mean Association, the 2015 team went 2 - 8, with wins against High - View Christian Academy and Temple Academy.
3464.txt: Some have criticized the game for not allowing like okay well okay the player to actually control Poirot; the developers explained uh so you know so this choice by saying that adventure gamers who you know so well you know make mistakes throughout the game do not reflect the genius of Poirot, whereas amateur sleuth Antoinette Marceau does.
1012.txt: Episodes in which Kimber is the main focus well so well so often involve romance and rebellion, such as her jealously towards the media attention that Jem gets.
3288.txt: Semi-permanent hair color has smaller molecules than temporary dyes, and is therefore able to partially penetrate the hair shaft.
908.txt: Dragomoshchenko fused elements of poetry, essay, philosophy, journalism and fictional um you know I mean like prose, and' explores the way our perceived and conceptual worlds are constructed through language.
2063.txt: In the 1930s French archaeologist Ghrshman, doing excavations in okay well uh I mean Bagram, found Egyptian and Syrian glassware, bronze statuettes, bowls and other okay um well you know objects including statues, this being an indication that Alexander's conquests have opened India to imports from the west.
3379.txt: She was active in the NAACP, and she attended the um okay you know like association's annual conference every year with the Oklahoma City Youth Council.
3454.txt: Sokolov, defender at FK Karabakh claims to be innocent, you know okay um I mean however he did not cooperate for a B - test.
2163.txt: It appeared on 'Album of the Year' lists of seven okay so like I mean different publications, as well as a 'Top 66 Albums of 2000 - 2006' list.
354.txt: An ethnic group is a group of people whose members um um so um identify with each other through a common heritage, consisting of a common culture, including a shared language or dialect.
1841.txt: In 1978 the group broke up and Joëlle signed with Barclay Records.
1748.txt: Ichiro Suzuki holds the most franchise records um you know you know um as of the end of the 2010 season, with ten, including best single you know uh like okay - season batting average, most career hits, and most career triples.
2775.txt: Muslim Television Ahmadiyya (MTA) is watched by millions of like uh uh well people in five continents, every Friday Hadhrat Khlifat - I mean um like you know al - Masih delivers an inspiring sermon that is watched all over the globe.
241.txt: After returning to normal his chest did not fully well like um okay recover and some parts of it remained icy, I mean I mean okay well he was unable to return them to normal, uh I mean like uh he became afraid of it and it made him I mean so um like gain a new attitude in life, even rude at some times.
1832.txt: In 1970 the name changed to 'Witthüser & Westrupp' and was active until 1973.
2840.txt: Normal three - dimensional crystals have a repeating pattern in okay uh well uh space, but remain unchanged with respect to time; time well so uh well crystals repeat themselves in time as well, leading the crystal to change from moment to moment.
197.txt: After a conviction, convicts often become sentences often are not termed 'convicts'.
1393.txt: He is an accomplished scholar in strategy and entrepreneurship with numerous okay like okay uh academic papers and is probably best known for his widely well uh uh uh cited co-authored paper on absorptive capacity of firms S. Zahra and G. George.
3047.txt: Paul Hinman (born 1959 in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada) is a Canadian politician, currently the leader of the Wildrose Alliance.
3597.txt: The 1972 -- 73 season saw two new clubs in okay uh so okay the league, VfB Oldenburg and SV Meppen, both promoted from the you know you know like so Amateurliga, while no club had been relegated from the Bundesliga to the league.
2699.txt: Michael Jackson attempted to use the brand 'Dangerous' on items you know okay well like of clothing for his 'Dangerous' tour but was unsuccessful in like so well um doing so and through his company, Triumph International, attempted to reach a resolution with Quist.
2945.txt: On the evening hours on 15 September 2013, Harris Academy's former so uh uh well Perth Road building was lit on fire, a few classrooms on the first and middle floor suffered.
1800.txt: In 1914 he was awarded the Polar Medal for his well um okay so work on the expedition, and the Hannam Islands are named after him.
364.txt: André Aciman (born 2 January 1951) is an Egyptian - born like so so so writer, currently distinguished professor at the Graduate Center uh okay you know um of City University of New York, where he teaches the history of literary theory and the works of Marcel Proust.
1078.txt: Fogle was born in Indianapolis, Indiana, and raised in a Jewish home.
1732.txt: Hudgins is an elected member of the Fellowship of Southern you know so like okay Writers, a frequent Sewanee Writers' Conference faculty member, and Humanities Distinguished Professor of English at Ohio State University.
962.txt: During this time, Madara takes Obito Uchiha as his student so uh um you know and transplantes his Rinnegan into Nagato to be preserved for his eventual revival years later.
4310.txt: The pwd command (print working directory) is used to okay you know uh um print the name of current working directory, if the shell you know okay like okay prompt does not show this, the user can find their place in the directory tree.
162.txt: According to the C++ specification, it returns a reference so you know um uh to typeinfo, however, many compilers will not let you assign okay okay uh um thsi return value to a local variable, as the constructor for typeinfo is private.
3616.txt: The AdSense name was originally used by Applied Semantics, I mean so you know um a competitive offering to AdSense and then adopted by Google after Google acquired Applied Semantics in April 2003.
4608.txt: This Sitio is the largest community of Bagong Silangan that has a separate feast day and patron celebration.
2055.txt: In some cultures, especially in Africa, the letters RSVP, instead um you know um I mean of standing for regrets' répondez s'il vous plaît', are like I mean I mean um there to reassure the invitee that there would be plenty okay uh okay well of food and the event would not be a 'dry one'.
2076.txt: In the Khyber - Pakhtunkhwa, 'tehsil' has the same meaning as explained like well I mean I mean above except in Malakand Division, where a district ( 'zila so um so so / Zilah' ) has two or more subdivisions and a subdivision has two or more 'tehsils'.
3635.txt: The Association for the Protection of the Lebanese okay um well so Heritage (APLH), is an initiative launched by young Lebanese artists uh I mean um like / intellectuals back in march 2010 on Facebook under the name 'stop destroying your heritage!', created by Pascale Ingea.
4330.txt: The route was originally designated by 1933 between Stamford and Hamlin, with a proposed extension southwest to Longworth.
4676.txt: Thomas McElwee (30 November 1957 - 8 August I mean like so um 1981) was an Irish republican hunger striker and a volunteer so okay so okay in the Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) from Bellaghy, County Londonderry, Northern Ireland.
2943.txt: On the May 23 episode of 'Raw', Jericho defeated Apollo so uh like um Crews to qualify for the Money in the Bank ladder uh you know um um match at the Money in the Bank pay - I mean um um uh per - view, where Jericho was unsuccessful as the match was won by Dean Ambrose.
2802.txt: New York emerged from the war as the leading city of like um uh okay the world, with Wall Street leading America's ascendancy and, in so uh like you know 1951, the United Nations relocated from its first headquarters in uh well okay uh Flushing Meadows Park, Queens, to the East Side of Manhattan.
2129.txt: Independents candidate contest to seek election on the basis you know um well so of their personal appeal and also those candidates um I mean so um who are sidelined by party political rivals within party but uh um like well confident to make it or have motive to not allowing other candidates to get elected.
1743.txt: I was born in Singapore on 24 December 1996, currently well I mean okay well i'm still in secondary school and i am interested in editing articles on Taiwanese dramas and Kpop.
3208.txt: Romanians have one, two or more given names, you know um okay you know e. G. Ana Cristina Maria (three given names), all being chosen by the child's parents.
4458.txt: The viaduct, which would require substantial demolition of high okay well so you know - rise buildings within Midtown Manhattan, would be situated ten stories above the most valuable real estate in the world.
1003.txt: Emelianenko's next fight was at, where he suffered his like well so okay first loss in 10 years to Fabricio Werdum via submission.
2759.txt: Mount was born in Leigh - on - Sea, okay you know so well Essex and her love of acting began with the dramatic society of the Wesleyan chapel which she attended in Essex.
3353.txt: She is also the girlfriend of Moose Mason, although Reggie Mantle is also known to be in love with her.
727.txt: Changes in mass balance control a glacier's long term behavior uh you know okay well and is the most sensitive climate indicator on a glacier.
1659.txt: His quest to find her will lead him to new like okay you know okay allies and a startling revelation about the Mogadorians' plan for invasion you know you know well well. , but its planned release date is April 15, 2014 exclusively as an e-Book.
1392.txt: He is also uncle to Daniel Urlich, son of Paula and John, and nephew of Michael.
4836.txt: Video Research Ltd. Is one of the more reliable firms, and you know I mean okay uh more television networks, advertisers, and Japanese drama fans use the numbers from this firm than any other.
4774.txt: USS 'Thuban' (AKA - 19/LKA - 19) was an well you know um you know of the United States Navy, named after 'Thuban', the you know so I mean uh primary star in the constellation Draco, which was at like so well well one time the pole star and important in ancient Egyptian religion.
3472.txt: Some years later, as the Dauphin is a boy, villagers so uh um like throw stones at Marie's carriage, and she is shocked at the intense dislike displayed by the people of France.
584.txt: Bitnation provides open - source governance, which includes DIY um uh well you know services, such as constitutions, secure ID / Reputation systems, uh uh well okay dispute resolutions, security, insurance, marriages, notary service, and birth certifications.
2075.txt: In the Central American zone, all seven teams from the um um uh uh Central American Football Union (UNCAF) entered the qualifying competition, okay okay well I mean and they were divided into two groups, one with four teams and the other with three teams.
3781.txt: The Mendez family were Safartic Jews originating in so uh so I mean Spain and rose too prominence during the Jewish expulsion of Spain.
1932.txt: In Bogota, Colombia, the Simon Bolivar park hosts performances by various bands, such as Iron Maiden, Kiss and Aerosmith.
2605.txt: Maj. Gen. Bhuwan Chandra Khanduri, AVSM (Retd), also known so uh I mean okay as Bhuvan Chandra Khanduri or B. C. Khanduri, (born uh I mean like okay 1 October, 1934) is a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India.
497.txt: At the sight Madame almost faints, Constance thanks well you know uh um the Man in Grey for being considerate and he leaves you know you know like I mean her with her mother, taking the box and papers with him.
1251.txt: H2S performed its first experimental flight on 23 April 1942, with um um I mean I mean the radar mounted in a Halifax bomber, the scanning unit um uh well you know installed in the aircraft's belly using the position previously occupied like like you know well by the mid-under turret, which was by that time seldom installed.
1520.txt: He was also a member of Sigma Alpha so like I mean you know Epsilon Fraternity He persuaded UNC to build the stadium as like you know I mean like a memorial to his parents, William R. Kenan and Mary Hargrave Kenan.
3703.txt: The Entente foreign ministers proposed Ankara to establish um I mean like well an Armenian state in eastern Anatolia, removing Turkish troops from well like I mean you know the Straits area, Turkish abandonment to the Greeks of Smyrna and eastern Thrace, including Adrianople.
3274.txt: Sea Studios 'Strange Days on Planet Earth initiative is you know like okay like an ongoing partnership with the National Geographic Society to bring focus on our personal connection to the planet's life systems.
1063.txt: Fell's Cave was discovered by Junius Bird because of the arrow points and flakes that were found on the surface.
240.txt: After retiring from playing, McClaren began his coaching career okay um I mean I mean as a youth and reserve team coach at Oxford United, where Denis Smith was manager.
2471.txt: Konishi Yukinaga ( 小西 行長 'Konishi Yukinaga', died November 6, okay like I mean so 1600 ) was a Japanese Kirishitan (Christian) general who was um okay well uh the main general who attempted to invade Korea in the Seven - Year War.
4201.txt: The mucuchies dog is a very affectionate, intelligent, and active breed.
700.txt: Cardiff is the capital and largest city in Wales, like okay you know like situated in the highly urbanised area of South East um you know you know I mean Wales, whose metropolitan area has a population of 1, 097, 000.
3654.txt: The Brock Independent School District serve is their most famous Alumni.
4720.txt: Today, it is used for concerts by many inspirational I mean like I mean you know bands and artits such as Cat Power, Dirty Three, Batrider well like so I mean and the Yeah Yeah Yeahs, and as a venue for the annual Melbourne International Film Festival.
1502.txt: He tells Kohta about his fate for the next like um you know like month with a blush on his face, but was reduced well like I mean well to a homeless bum since he used all of his power alone to seal the Queen.
1339.txt: He entered the Church and held a number of posts in uh well you know you know Lincolnshire and undertook diplomatic missions on the Continent for King um like I mean like Henry V. In 1429, he was elected Bishop of Chichester, but the position was given to Simon Sydenham instead.
1236.txt: Grape - Nuts is a breakfast cereal developed in 1897 by C so you know like so. W. Post, a patient and later competitor of the 19th - century breakfast food innovator, Dr. John Harvey Kellogg.
866.txt: Desprez is also known as a designer and maker of like uh I mean I mean embroidery for purses, a 'Maistre Boursier,' and was recorded working in Paris between 1556 and 1580.
4845.txt: Volvo launched the V40 Cross Country in India in June 2013, and is priced at Rs. 28. 5 lakh.
3626.txt: The Amphictyonic League gradually declined and in the 2nd century A okay I mean well so. D. It was replaced by the Panhellenion, established you know um uh so by the Roman emperor Hadrian, the see of which was, hoowever, in Athens, the emperor's favourite city.
4992.txt: Zane is a member of the general partner of Armada uh so like uh Enterprises LP, which has various investments in media & entertainment, energy, real estate, maritime, and aerospace.
4578.txt: They do this in order to bail their friend Kenny out well like well um of jail for $ 100, 000 after he accidentally so okay okay so kills Buttercup, a diabetic police horse, by feeding it junk food.
4202.txt: The music atmosphere of the 1970s was heavily influenced I mean so okay I mean by its success and sexual content, as its sexual so uh uh um - explicitness bended creative barriers in the music industry and so um you know well led to an increased popularity of sexual themes in music at the time.
2098.txt: In the opening weeks of the First World War the okay you know uh well powerful radio transmitters using the tower were used to like so okay so jam German communications, seriously hindering their advance on Paris and well uh well uh contributing to the Allied victory at the First Battle of the Marne.
531.txt: Bath Stone has been used extensively as a building you know uh you know um material throughout southern England, for churches, houses, and public buildings such as railway stations.
848.txt: Demerara is a region in South America that began well uh okay I mean as a Dutch colony, then was captured by the British in 1796 and was ceded to the UK in 1814.
901.txt: Dr. Abdul Ghaffar Javeri was the one of Doctor um I mean um okay who also migrate to Karachi - Pakistan, his clinic was at ACHI QABAR, beside the Boulton Market.
388.txt: AntarDhvani's music is an organic mix of elements from east and so I mean like uh west, it has traces of western sound uh well I mean um like Rock, Jazz, Blues as well as Indian sound ranging from Sargam, Alaap and Dhrupad based Tarana.
2308.txt: It was there that Taccone began his partnership with Tony so uh I mean I mean Kushner, who he commissioned to write what Kushner thought would be a short chamber piece called 'Angels in America'.
4480.txt: The year 1886 is regarded as the birth like so well like year of the modern car, when German inventor Karl Benz built his Benz Patent - Motorwagen.
3905.txt: The area is also home to the first like so well okay serious clash of arms between Māori and the British settlers I mean uh um so after the signing of the Treaty of Waitangi, which occured in what is now the village of Tuamarina.
1184.txt: Garter compression springs act against forces from the center, uh well okay like so they may be placed on the outside of a circular object to maintain the object's circular shape.
1549.txt: He was not a candidate for renomination in 1896 I mean so like um and engaged in farming and stock raising in Jones County.
3912.txt: The backbone of 'Spah' (middle - persian army) uh okay um so in the Sassanid era was their heavy armoured cavalry. These uh um like okay heavily armoured cavalry were noblemen in which they well I mean like like underwent extensive exercises in warfare and military manoeuvres through military training, gaining discipline and becoming truly elite soldiers.
792.txt: Construction of field started 22 September; flying began, 15 December 1917.
167.txt: According to the current Constitution, the President is elected direct popular election for a term of five years.
283.txt: Alexander Henry Haliday was born at Clifden, Holywood, well I mean you know uh a small seaside town in County Down, Ireland on 21 November well you know um you know 1806, the eldest child of Dr William Haliday (1763 - 1836) and Marion Webster.
4905.txt: While attending college, she had two serious boyfriends, but later uh well so like stated that she was a virgin who had never taken IV drugs or received a blood transfusion.
2631.txt: Many parents felt pressured in community based programs to like um you know like take responsibility and pull their kids out of the so um like I mean activity if anything went wrong, these kids were then okay you know like so looked at as jeopardizing the integrity of the program they were involved in.
850.txt: Den agrees, and infiltrates the Queen's palace, but is um so so okay promptly caught by the Queen, who offers leniency if he has sex with her.
3326.txt: She began to paint before her first birthday, and her I mean uh so well first solo exhibition opened in New York City in June 2011, when she was four years old.
1348.txt: He graduated from Provo High School in 1974, where his major interests were drama, music and Air Force JROTC.
502.txt: At the very end of the Horus Heresy, half of uh like um like the Legion rebelled against the Emperor under the command of Luther, a high ranking commander and Lion's own foster father.
1246.txt: Grout is generally composed of a mixture of water, um okay um you know cement, sand and fine gravel and sometimes color tint which so so I mean uh is applied as a thick liquid and hardens over time, much like mortar.
881.txt: Do Bong - soon (Park Bo - young) is a uh okay I mean I mean young pretty woman born with superhuman strength, she breaks everything she touches if she's not careful.
2170.txt: It caused three deaths, widespread power outages, and wind damage and um I mean well you know significant snowfall, primarily France and Germany, but also in the Benelux states, Austria and Switzerland.
1006.txt: Emilio Mario R. Osmeña also known as Lito Osmeña, you know okay um um is the founder and chairman of PROMDI Party (Progressive Movement for you know well well so the Devolution of Initiatives) where he ran for the position of uh um um I mean President in the 1998 elections but lost to Joseph Estrada.
1884.txt: In 2005, the Pine Tree Conservation Society donated an adjacent well well like okay to the Gardens, thereby extending the area to and the waterfront to nearly.
2966.txt: One of the first Puerto Rican entertainers to achieve world you know well um so - wide fame was Antonio Paoli, an opera singer, known as you know I mean uh I mean 'The King of Tenors' and as 'The Tenor of Kings'.
1410.txt: He is perennially under investigation by his superiors, but the Machiavellian Mackey so um so you know always eludes them; also, on occasions they turn a blind uh like okay um eye to his tactics when they need him to crack a high - profile case.
3957.txt: The close of the Varaždin Touristic Season is brought okay like I mean I mean down by the annual Špancir Festival which begins at I mean uh uh um the end of August and ends in September (lasts for 10 days).
272.txt: Agassiz railway station in Agassiz, British Columbia, Canada, is served um okay you know I mean by Via Rail's The Canadian three times per week as a flag stop (48 hours advance notice required).
148.txt: Accommodation at the prison comprises a mixture of like um you know well single and double accommodation cells contained on 3 um I mean you know like wings, and a further residential unit of single cell accommodation which is used as an Induction Unit for newly arrived prisoners.
235.txt: After receiving his doctorate, he worked at the Berlin well I mean like um Charité, and subsequently became an assistant at the department for you know uh okay you know the mentally ill under Wilhelm Griesinger (1817 - 1868) and Karl Wilhelm Ideler (1795 - 1860).
3819.txt: The Rialto Police Department currently has 143 employees; including 103 I mean um like I mean sworn police officers and 40 civilian employees, servicing 28 square miles, with a population of 101, 910 (2013).
1021.txt: Eton Institute Ltd is an international language - learning institute with so so um um a website service designed so that users can learn languages okay I mean you know you know online in an interactive mobile learning space or in a classroom setting.
1635.txt: His father was probably Roger Burnell, who died in about I mean um um I mean 1259, and he had three brothers, two of whom died um um okay um fighting the Welsh (at the Battle of Moel - okay you know like um y - don) in 1282; the third, Hugh, died in 1286.
1591.txt: Her childhood was spent in luxury and splendor in the so you know well uh large palaces and country estates owned by the Romanovs like the um well well like Catherine and the Alexander palaces in Tsarskoye Selo and Peterhof, a large complex on the Gulf of Finland.
754.txt: Chucky meets John Simonsen (Raymond Oliver) his voodoo okay I mean well I mean instructor when he was younger, and asks why his gunshot wound bled, since he should not bleed.
621.txt: Both are loosely based on the novel and okay um um so similarly - named movies, 'The Swiss Family Robinson', and well well um like a comic series called 'Swiss Family Rollinson' did appear in the British comic 'Knockout' in 1954.
1381.txt: He hopes to accomplish this by discovering methods of um so uh you know solving 'thinking games': in his graduate work, he revealed solutions for Connect Four, Qubic, and Gomoku.
1987.txt: In a running gag in seasons 1 - 4, okay okay uh so Jackie freaked out when in crises, pacing while trying to so uh I mean I mean figure out a solution, saying' Make room, I got ta pace!.
4308.txt: The publicity department at the studio suggested that Priscilla like I mean okay so and Morris be seen together around town; they liked each other I mean so I mean well and did date for a period; however, Priscilla later said it was never serious on either side.
4080.txt: The following is a list of episodes of the 2009 um um uh you know - 2010 American sci - fi television series 'FlashForward', based on um um so well the 1999 novel 'Flashforward' by science fiction writer Robert J. Sawyer.
3298.txt: Seth Tuttle (born September 5, 1992) is an American college basketball um well you know so player who completed his All - American college career the University of Northern Iowa (UNI).
898.txt: Dowell Loggains (born October 1, 1980) served as Offensive I mean um like I mean Coordinator for the Tennessee Titans from 2012 - 2013 as a part of Mike Munchak coaching staff.
4561.txt: They are also considered great family pets because well so um uh of their high energy and compatibility with kids. They are very playful and they need very much excersise.
1075.txt: Flashlights used for extended periods every day may be like I mean uh you know more economically operated on rechargeable (secondary) batteries. Fleshlights designed for rechargeable like okay you know I mean batteries may allow charging without removing the batteries; for example, a okay so I mean okay light kept in a vehicle may be trickle - charged and always ready when needed.
4729.txt: Together with her childhood friend Zenkichi Hitoyoshi, Medaka addresses these requests in okay so I mean like an episodic manner; during the course of the story Kouki Akune and Mogana Kikaijima join the Student Council.
2663.txt: Matthew David Bates (born 10 December 1986) is an English um you know you know so professional football player and currently plays for Bristol um uh so okay City, on a short term deal, following the expiry of his contract at Middlesbrough on July 1, 2012.
616.txt: Born the 15 of August of 1901 in the I mean well uh well City of Penonomé, in the district of los Forasteros of so like well I mean the community of San Juan, Province of Coclé, to one of the main families of the country.
1550.txt: He was one of 4 new loanee's that featured in okay um um you know the 5 - 0 thumping over Hartlepool however Gary was awarded with the Sponsors Man of the Match.
746.txt: Chopra was born in Jamshedpur to parents who um um like um were both physicians in the Indian Army, causing the family uh you know okay so to move frequently during her childhood, but she considers Bareilly her real home.
2742.txt: Moreover, at the time the city had few entertainment so you know okay well and sports facilities, so the major demonstrated the interest to establish a sports center to replace the original project of a zoo.
2138.txt: Initially escort carriers accompanied merchant ships and fended off attacks from aircraft um like I mean okay and submarines; later in the war, escort carriers were part you know I mean um well of hunter - killer groups that sought out submarines instead of being attached to a particular convoy.
561.txt: Benjamin, using his GI Bill benefits, went back to school at Lake um you know I mean so Washington Institute of Technology in Redmond and graduated with a Associate of Science degree in Engineering Graphics in June 2003.
4897.txt: While 'Aces High' is a combat flight simulator, there is okay you know so I mean also a community to ght where they all fly together to complete a goal.
1349.txt: He graduated from Texas A&M University in College Station in like you know you know um 1954 with a degree in animal husbandry and then, as had so you know you know um his father during World War I, served in the U. S. Army.
4980.txt: Yeshivat Sha'alvim is a hesder yeshiva, a kollel and a well like uh okay yeshiva high school for boys, located in Kibbutz Sha'alvim it like I mean I mean you know is known for being the school that photographer and cinematographer Zvi Moss attended.
73.txt: A flat, low - lying, sandy plain is mapped as okay I mean I mean well Bunge Land (Бунге Земля), It connects Faddeyevsky and Kotelny islands okay um like I mean and ties them together into a single geographical whole, one of the 50 largest islands in the world.
2732.txt: Mondays to Fridays at 5: 15pm and Saturdays at 5: 05pm from 3 October 1988 to 10 February 1989.
1004.txt: Emergency Assist will attempt to reactivate the driver after steering uh so okay like feedback hasn't been detected for a period of time and will also transmit warning signals to its nearby surroundings.
3284.txt: Selection of the appropriate round (s) is usually made before okay I mean well so the start of the quiz and made be available on you know you know I mean well all rounds or certain round (s) may be specifically excluded (usually the first).
3955.txt: The city is well known for its parks and uh you know okay well recreational facilities including the Eleanor London Côte Saint - well so um I mean Luc Public Library, one of few libraries in North America that is open every day of the year.
1422.txt: He joined the army of Shivaji Maharaj in okay you know okay well 1656 after the fall of More Kingdom to um I mean okay I mean Bhosales and very soon he became Loyal Sardar of Maharaj so he awarded Killedari of Puranadar.
2967.txt: One of the premium hiking trails in the Waterton Lakes well you know so well National Park, Alberta, Canada, the 8 - hour - return uh so so um Crypt Lake trail is accessed by a dedicated ferry service operating from the Waterton Park Townsite.
1940.txt: In February 1554, Jane's father, who had been released, I mean I mean okay you know was one of the rebel leaders in Wyatt's rebellion, and uh you know well you know on 12 February, Mary had Jane, then aged 16, and her husband beheaded.
725.txt: Chalmers was born in Beith and started his career with Rutherglen Glencairn before turning professional with Rangers.
2772.txt: Mundhanai Mudichu (English: Saree Knot) is a 1983 Tamil film is like okay like I mean directed by K. Bhagyaraj starring himself along with Urvasi in the lead roles.
264.txt: After the war, the L class were involved I mean you know okay uh in trials of new torpedoes and hydrophone equipment on both uh um well well the east and west coasts before decommissioning in 1922 uh um okay um and 1923 and were used in the US scrapping quota in 1933 under the London Naval Treaty limiting naval armament.
4672.txt: Thomas Fitch (January 27, 1838 -- November 12, 1901) represented um you know like well President Brigham Young of the Church of Latter - day Saints so um you know you know and other church leaders when Young and his denomination were prosecuted for polygamy in 1871 and 1872.
3533.txt: Summer is warm and relatively dry, with August being the warmest okay uh um you know month, with an average high and low of and respectively.
891.txt: Domo joined Odd Future because he was very good so uh uh okay friends with Rolling Papers was released on August 30, 2010.
1014.txt: Ericsson designed the USS 'Monitor' in 1861, its most well you know well um prominent feature being a large cylindrical gun turret mounted amidships you know uh you know like above the low - freeboard upper hull, also called the 'raft'.
3186.txt: Risk factors for thromboembolism, the major cause of arterial I mean you know well well embolism, include disturbed blood flow (such as in atrial fibrillation so so um I mean and mitral stenosis), injury or damage to an artery wall, and hypercoagulability (such as increased platelet count).
2387.txt: John de Courcy, 35th Baron Kingsale, (27 January I mean um um you know 1941 -- 15 September 2005), succeeded his grandfather to like um so um the title in 1969, his father, Lieutenant - Commander The okay like like well Honourable Michael de Courcy, RN, having being killed in action in 1940.
2182.txt: It examines the science, psychology, and sociology of criminal behavior, and profiles of villains, victims and detectives.
4911.txt: While living in São Paulo he fell in love with like so well okay Sonia, a beautiful young girl, who is engaged to Mark's cousin okay you know like okay Camilo, who worked at the industrial plant Golden Crystals, which was owned by the millionaire Clovis Moura.
2767.txt: Much of her design was also re-used for the 'Street like so well okay Fighter' series 'popular character Ibuki (who, incidentally, has a um um um you know fellow ninja classmate and friend named Sarai Kurosawa) and well um like like she also resembles Simone from Capcom's and Psikyo's 'Cannon Spike'.
4062.txt: The first collective Mitki exhibition in 1984 in St. Petersburg so uh well you know was raided by police but after Glasnost the group's work became accepted and was soon shown beyond St. Petersburg.
3609.txt: The 2014 NFL season the 95th regular season of the National I mean I mean okay like Football League is tentatively set to begin Thursday, September well well I mean you know 4, 2014, with the defending Super Bowl champions you know okay okay well (Denver Broncos or Seattle Seahawks) hosting in the annual kickoff game.
924.txt: During Kitty's vacation, Cormac drives up to her cabin with so uh I mean I mean an injured Ben and tells Kitty that he had called Ben to help him with a werewolf hunt.
2823.txt: Nimfa was forced to take part of a devilish plan uh uh I mean um to fool the Saavedra family as Rosette planned all this to be with Jeremy forever.
3953.txt: The city has museums of many types, housing um so um you know cultural treasures of Mexico's history since ancient times, the most um okay like you know notable of which is the National Museum of Anthropology and History, located in Chapultepec Park.
1934.txt: In Canada, Senator Nancy Ruth had previously dropped her family I mean uh so okay name of Jackman, using both of her remaining names together well you know so I mean as a mononym instead of using 'Ruth' as a family name.
3062.txt: Peter Jenkins (11 May, 1934 - 27 May, 1992) was a British journalist for 'The Guardian' and 'The Independent'.
3685.txt: The DBTI Tarlac Batch 1988 comprised of 147 students I mean um you know well who graduated from high school on the 40th Commencement Exercises on March 27, 1988.
2726.txt: Modern beavers have chisel - like incisor teeth for gnawing on like uh I mean okay wood, while the teeth of the giant beaver were bigger and broader, and grew to about 15 cm (6 in) long.
3106.txt: Prince Salman is reported to arbitrate disputes among the members of so like um um the royal family which, along with the governorship of Saudi Arabia's like okay well well capital city, and a reputation for fairness and competence, has propelled him to be amongst the Kingdom's most powerful royals.
919.txt: Due to this, she could only show platonic love so I mean okay so to Hardin, which in turn shatters his heart you know I mean so um and later turned over the dark side, therefore she blamed herself for Hardin's fall to darkness.
1557.txt: He was raised by her parents, Lela and Turner Williams, and left home by age 14.
2363.txt: Jeremiah was transferred to Ft. Russell, Wyoming in 1875; by this time, Porter's health started to deteriorate.
347.txt: An 'agent' is any person employed by or acting well well like well for another, and the 'principal' is the person he is employed by or acting for.
1943.txt: In February 2007, Whedon departed from the project due to well um uh like script differences with the studio, and the director reiterated, like well I mean you know ' I never had an actress picked out, or even a consistant (sic) front - runner.
124.txt: A transfer to HMS Levant (1758) in February 1772 um well well like until she returned to Spithead in 1775 giving an opportunity to take his examination for Lieutenant.
2358.txt: Jeffery & Cole Casserole is an American sketch comedy okay uh um uh program starring Jeffery Self and Cole Escola, that debuted on Logo on June 19, 2009.
3783.txt: The Mode can only be activated over a special cable, or in some cases over infrared.
1240.txt: Gray was elected to the Christchurch City Council I mean I mean okay okay in 1885, and was Mayor of Christchurch in 1891 to 1992, and again in 1904 to 1905.
4660.txt: This upgrade will reduce cost and increase flexibility, since any okay so okay uh manufactured CBC can be configured for zero to four solid boosters, well I mean uh um but the standardized CBC will necessitate a slight performance loss for most medium configurations.
305.txt: Almost all of the functionality in the editor can be well well like you know reconfigured using Emacs Lisp, a simple and easy to you know you know you know so learn language, changes to the Lisp code do not require the editor to be restarted or recompiled.
3.txt: 'New York Mining Disaster 1941' was the second EP released by okay so I mean you know the Bee Gees in 1967 on the Spin uh uh okay okay Records, like their first EP, it was released only in Australia.
4643.txt: This prayer is originally from a longer prayer of you know you know so um the 15th century and was popularized in the 17th century by Fr. Claude Bernard, who learned it from his father.
2487.txt: La Calle is a port town in this province.
1267.txt: Hals studied under another Flemish - émigré, Karel van Mander (1548 um uh uh so -- 1606), whose Mannerist influence, however, is not noticeably visible in his work.
4487.txt: Their inaugural season was successful, finishing 4 - 2 on you know like I mean well the regular season and earning a berth I mean um well like in the Championship Game, where the Fox lost to the Jacksonville Dixie Blues by a score of 49 - 6.
2004.txt: In an interview with 'Futaa' in February 2014, Dufourg attributed well so like you know his outspokenness to his dismissal from FC Talanta, and um I mean like okay gave his stance on players cheating their ages in Kenya.
4090.txt: The former appeared for several clubs in the I mean okay I mean like second tier, whilst the latter competed with Real Unión okay you know so I mean in the top level; his uncle, Román, played as a midfielder.
2411.txt: Julio Álvarez Mosquera (born May 1, 1981 in Caracas) is a okay like like okay Venezuelan - Spanish professional footballer who currently plays for CD you know like well I mean Tenerife in the Spanish second division, mainly as an attacking midfielder.
4733.txt: Tom Wheeler is an American television writer and like well okay like producer currently serving as executive producer and show runner for the NBC superhero series 'The Cape'.
1784.txt: In 1846, Bolckow and Vaughan built their first blast furnaces so I mean you know okay at Witton, using local coal to make coke, and ironstone from Whitby on the coast.
1977.txt: In October 2011, DVD Rare released the entire 4 seasons like you know um okay of the show, with all 78 episodes on twelve discs.
4485.txt: Their debut release is entitled 'Ways Not To Lose'; well like well okay it was recorded at Allaire Studios in Shokan, NY uh okay um okay in September of 2005 and was produced by John Medeski.
3011.txt: Overcollecting is a major threat to the survival of you know I mean so like 'P. Kovachii' in the wild as it was found that okay I mean um um one locality of 'P. Kovachii' was depleted of plants, possibly even before the scientific publication in Selbyana.
4225.txt: The next year, they traded a 1984 draft pick to like uh uh uh the Portland Trail Blazers for center Tom well like um you know Owens, who played one year for the Pacers with little impact.
4262.txt: The painting was presented by him to President Kennedy in you know so well you know 1963, through a letter, acknowledged the young artist you know um um so with personal thanks and appreciation conveyed from the White House through his personal secretary Ms Evelyn Lincoln.
2137.txt: Initially, Quick was a free daily paper that contained 'quick hits' of the daily top news stories, weather and sports.
639.txt: Brown was offered a new contract at the end well you know uh uh of the 2013 - 2014 season, after being with you know I mean I mean so Cheltenham for 10 years, however he opted to sign for Scottish club Aberdeen FC in May 2014.
619.txt: Bosvil has a primary and secondary school, with a district uh like um you know school in Muri and a Cantonal school in Wohlen.
4921.txt: White ihram clothing is intended to make everyone I mean like so so appear the same, by God there is no you know so uh you know difference between a prince and a pauper when everyone is dressed equally.
4335.txt: The school doesn't offer Math classes, however some Science, History, and English classes are offered.
1798.txt: In 1911 he moved to Little Rock, Arkansas and like uh well okay invested in real estate on the north side of the Arkansas River.
3041.txt: Past NY 31, NY 98 crosses over the Erie Canal like well uh so and enters the town of Gaines before exiting the Albion village limits.
1383.txt: He immigrated to the United States in 1852, in um like like uh response to a request from Lars Paul Esbjörn for help with the Swedish Lutheran mission in Illinois.
3933.txt: The building is shaped to project the image of scales I mean you know well um of justice with its centre - beam symbolised by the central wing I mean I mean well like of the building comprising the Chief Justice's court, the largest of the well like so so courtrooms, with two court halls on either side.
1959.txt: In June 1884, Bastard married Gertrude Littlewood Garrett in West Ham; they had a daughter named Florence Garrett Bastard.
2951.txt: On the opposite side of the road is the well known so well like like Barry Fitch butchers, whose meat is largely reared in the fields around Little Eaton.
751.txt: Christian Cyrus Leben (born July 21, 1980) is a you know uh okay like retired American mixed martial artist who fought for the UFC as you know so um um a Middleweight, compiling a record of 12 - 10 in 22 appearances for the organization.
652.txt: Bushings sometimes fail due to partial discharge degradation of uh you know uh uh the insulation over many years of energised service uh okay okay okay and at present great interest in the electricity supply industry in monitoring the condition of high voltage bushings.
2882.txt: On 23 July 2016 Barrowman announced that he was in talks you know I mean I mean um with BBC to get Torchwood back on TV, the uh like well uh announcement came just hours after Barrowman's appearance at Comic Con 2016.
4653.txt: This species prefers areas with dense grass, in which okay okay okay like it makes navigational trails called runways that resemble a tunnel with a grass covering.
3009.txt: Overall, Niedermayer appeared in 80 games scoring 11 goals okay uh you know um and 40 points and was named to the NHL All - Rookie Team on defence.
2540.txt: Lewis' mother, Elizabeth, is played by Hattie Morahan and his father, so like um well Gilbert, by Greg Wise; the part of his step - mother Alice is acted by Jessica Brown Findlay.
4865.txt: Western saddles are more difficult to adjust, though I mean uh I mean I mean use of shims and padding can compensate for some changes, and you know I mean like um the lessen pressure per square inch of surface area is a bit more forgiving.
1289.txt: He accompanied his father to Peru when he was you know um well like appointed president of the Royal Audiencia of Charcas, and after his um well okay okay death he was appointed mayor of Oropeza and the valley of Cochabamba.
1361.txt: He has also written a contemporary baseball novel called um like I mean well 'Sometimes You See it Coming', a graphic novel called 'Luna Park', I mean well well uh and he was the chief historical researcher on Harold well okay um you know Evans's illustrated history of the United States, 'The American Century'.
4290.txt: The premise of 'DC Challenge' was that each chapter would be uh like okay like written by a different author and illustrated by a different artist; no consultation between authors was permitted.
713.txt: Castelão was completed in 1982 and was inaugurated on uh uh so um February 5 of that year, when the Brazil national team beat the Portugal national team 3 - 1.
3200.txt: Rocha was born in Toronto, Ontario, and moved to Richmond, British Columbia at a very young age.
1214.txt: Glenda tells Angel she has a surprise for him and uh like I mean so then Luli to get the stuffed animal out of the car.
2691.txt: Merrell Quentin Sharpe (January 11, 1888 -- January 22, well you know um um 1962) was a Republican American politician from Kennebec, South Dakota, okay you know I mean you know Attorney General of South Dakota from 1929 through 1933, and Governor of South Dakota from 1943 through 1947.
3943.txt: The cecum is a pouchlike structure of the colon, so well um uh located at the junction of the small intestine and the large intestine.
3611.txt: The 311th Human Systems Wing was a group of the United States I mean uh uh um Air Force based out of the now - closed Brooks City - Base in San Antonio, Texas.
1677.txt: Hollingbery Fieldhouse at Washington State University, a facility like um I mean okay serving many different sports, was built in 1929 and renamed for the coach in 1963.
2438.txt: Kenneth Dennis Molloy was a notably well - known and uh uh well you know popular personality among the residents of his hometown, well like so so respected for his exploits as an All - American well I mean okay I mean athlete and a judge on the New York State Supreme Court, and admired for his general affability.
3074.txt: Photographers can compensate for this by increasing the exposure time, so like I mean you know using a photographic film with a higher ISO rating, or, in digital cameras, increasing the light sensitivity of the sensor.
3429.txt: Since the original writing of the scriptures, huge volumes of uh okay um okay copies have been made of the originals, which are no uh like okay okay longer extant, and copies have been made of those copies, resulting in several text types.
643.txt: Build 4083 (build date of May 16, 2004) - okay okay okay uh Leaked on November 10, 2004, and was the last leaked XP - based build.
2384.txt: John Rising (1756 -- 1815) was an English portrait like uh well uh and subject painter, had a large practice um okay so uh in London, and was a regular exhibitor at the Royal Academy from 1785 until his death.
1634.txt: His father was a Police officer in The Metropolitan Police Service you know like so okay and it was him who encouraged Goodwin to learn the like well you know so piano from an early age which would eventually lead to you know uh um I mean him studying the trumpet in London at the Guildhall School of Music.
4041.txt: The film American Beauty borrows several themes from the well you know like okay novel, including the murder of its protagonist shortly after like well okay you know a moment of enlightenment, by an acquaintance who mistakes him for having a relationship with his son.
787.txt: Considered a unique example for the evolution well uh well so of architecture during the nineteenth century in the city, like um I mean I mean the lighthouse was constructed by François Coignet in 1869 you know um okay um one week before the inauguration of the Suez canal to guide the ships passing in the canal.
782.txt: Colonel the Hon. George Hysteron - Proteron (c. 18741942) I mean so um you know is a fictional character created by the author J. K I mean uh uh um. Stanford, a British soldier, sporting gun, and Lord of the manor of Five Mile Wallop, Cambridgeshire.
4894.txt: When they find Manson, Peter punches him in the face okay um you know um and Lois accuses him for destroying their son with his songs.
3883.txt: The World Chicken Festival is an annual event so um okay you know held in downtown London, Kentucky, in Laurel County, on the last weekend in September.
2831.txt: No special Wiki knowledge is required to participate, just a love of Greenwich Village!.
1028.txt: Eventually Swanson became a White House photographer for 'Life' well I mean okay uh and remained there working for such magazines as 'Fortune', 'People', and 'Time'.
1491.txt: He sold the album online through his site and Myspace, as well uh okay okay uh as during live shows he was playing in small venues around Southampton and Bath.
2272.txt: It was announced at E3 2007 that Sucker uh like okay I mean Punch was working on a PlayStation 3 title called 'inFamous', like so I mean uh a sandbox game based on a futuristic world with more photorealistic you know so like you know graphics, about a superhuman who must make moral choices to save or destroy Empire City.
4954.txt: With this discovery, Cassel changes the white cat back into um okay okay uh Lila, and the two plan to reunite her with I mean I mean well um her father and allow her to take back her place so like you know okay as heir by revealing a plan Anton has of killing her father and running the family himself.
1458.txt: He played his first pro season with their Class you know I mean um like A Anderson Braves in 1980, and his last with the okay well I mean I mean New York Yankees' Double - A Albany - Colonie Yankees and Triple - A Columbus Clippers in 1986.
267.txt: After the weakening of the Byzantine Empire and the Bulgarian uh so you know uh Empire in the middle and late 13th century, most of the I mean so okay like territory of present - day Albania became part of the uh um I mean I mean Serbian state: firstly, as part of Rashka and later as part of the Serbian Empire.
4023.txt: The ex-King Charles of Sweden got to know her during so I mean I mean I mean his exile in Finland 1457 - 1464, and when he returned uh so I mean like to Sweden and reclaimed the Swedish throne in 1464, she followed him there as royal mistress.
3233.txt: Ryegrasses contain some species which are important grasses okay um so uh for both lawns and as animal fodder, but well uh uh well also some weeds that can have a severe impact on the production of wheat and other crops.
2941.txt: On the August 23 episode of 'SmackDown Live', the WWE uh um uh okay SmackDown Tag Team Championship was unveiled, and a tournament to um I mean okay so crown the inaugural champions was then set up, with the tournament's final scheduled for Backlash.
2273.txt: It was at this juncture that Hazlitt met Samuel um so well you know Taylor Coleridge and the encounter, a life - changing event like like um so was subsequently to exercise a profound influence on uh well okay uh his writing career that, in retrospect, Hazlitt regarded as greater than any other.
1161.txt: Funeka Soldaat is a lesbian community activist from South so so you know I mean Africa, who works with the Triangle Project and is well you know um like a founder of Khayelitsha - based lesbian advocacy group Free Gender.
2531.txt: Leonard Porter Ayres (1879 -- 1946) was an American educator, well like I mean so born at Niantic, Conn. He received his college and graduate training at Boston, Harvard, and Columbia universities.
4712.txt: To engage the four - wheel - drive system the okay so well okay vehicle must be moving at a slow speed less like so okay well than 30 miles per hour, this is only for the four - wheel - drive high setting.
4609.txt: This actually tends to make Jughead a bit jealous, and you know um okay uh she has even been on one memorable date with Archie in one story.
1359.txt: He had two seasons with the Powell River Kings, you know um like um where he played alongside his older brother, Paul and he had one season with the Surrey Eagles.
940.txt: During the 1980s, he had a 1963 -- 64 black Fender you know like like you know Stratocaster, called his 'trouble guitar', fitted with a Floyd Rose floating tremolo and a Bill Lawrence L90 pickup.
9.txt: 'Chalayil mahavishnu kshetram' is a famous Vishnu temple situated uh like well you know in Mattanur is one of the rare temples for worshiping Narasimha avathara of lord Vishnu.
1173.txt: Galata, ridden by Arnull, was made the 1/3 betting um you know okay so favourite, quickly opened up a lead of a hundred yards over her older rival, and won without being challenged.
3690.txt: The Denali Borough is a borough located in the U. S. State of Alaska and was incorporated in 1990.
1840.txt: In 1978, with his wife, actress / director Susan Williamson, whom so okay well well he married in 1965, Woolf moved to Canada, eventually settling in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, where they currently reside.
4145.txt: The label was initially intended only to release 12' singles, however I mean so you know well as Lex approached artists to contribute material for EPs most artists offered a full album of material.
2674.txt: Meanwhile, plans were still made to offer the sale of like I mean uh so bonds, with the first issue planned to I mean so you know uh be around $ 20 million; the smaller planned bond issue was due to the grant issued by the WPA.
3461.txt: Some effort has been expended in an attempt to factor like you know you know well these numbers, but much remains unknown about well I mean you know I mean their factorization; for instance, it's not known if uh you know uh I mean all numbers in the sequence are squarefree, although all the known terms are.
3558.txt: Tallman and his wife, Kristen, raise rodeo stock on their so you know like well ranch at Poolville near Weatherford in Parker County, Texas, um I mean uh like assisted by their daughter and son - in - law, Nicole and Daniel Pennell.
208.txt: After attending the College du Plessis in Paris, he seems okay like I mean like to have acquired a vocational interest in becoming a um well okay okay clergyman, but after studying theology in the Jansenist schools for some years, his interests turned away from the Church.
3238.txt: SS 'Lane Victory' is a Second World War Victory I mean uh so I mean ship which is preserved as a museum ship in the San Pedro area of Los Angeles, California.
55.txt: A Michelin 3 - star sushi restaurant in Ginza, Chūō, I mean okay so um Tokyo, Japan that is owned and operated by sushi master Jiro Ono.
392.txt: Approaching the age of sixty, during the ensuing two like so so so decades Walker appeared infrequently in minor roles but still uh uh so well maintained a loyal following from his Cheyenne days and is well um uh I mean a popular guest star at Western film festivals and the like.
2133.txt: Inez's parents agree with Gil when he tells her I mean I mean like uh that they are not right for each other, prompting uh uh I mean uh Inez's father to confess that he had Gil followed, though the detective mysteriously disappeared.
1315.txt: He cofounded Digifaktory as the first and foremost 360 degree um uh um like cinema marketing company in Malayalam in the year 2014 and handles I mean okay okay okay 100 % marketing of films like Monsoon mangoes, Action hero biju and Leela.
2630.txt: Many of the novels were adapted for the CBS television series uh okay uh so 'Perry Mason' (1957 -- 66); details are available at the list of episodes for the TV series.
2346.txt: Jamison attended The Bolles School in Jacksonville, Florida, where he was teammates with John Theus.
2866.txt: Oliver Joseph St John Gogarty (17 August 1878 -- um like like uh 22 September 1957) was an Irish poet, author, um well so I mean otolaryngologist, athlete, politician, and well - known conversationalist, well I mean like um who served as the inspiration for Buck Mulligan in James Joyce's novel 'Ulysses'.
4072.txt: The first such contract was one to rebuild 18 well well well I mean PCC streetcars for Route 15 in Philadelphia, and later work has you know so well like included restoring PCC cars for use on San I mean well I mean I mean Francisco Municipal Railway's F Market & Wharves line uh you know you know I mean and manufacturing replicas of 1923 Perley Thomas streetcars for New Orleans.
2852.txt: Nykesha Simone Sales (born May 10, 1976) is a so you know uh you know former professional basketball player in the WNBA, she most recently I mean well you know so played in the Bosnian league for the ZKK Mladi Krajisnik club.
3580.txt: The 'Aabhidhan Rajendra Kosh' written by Acharya Rajendrasuri, is only um like well you know one available Jain encyclopedia to understand the Jain Prakrit, Sanskrit, Ardha - Magadhi and other Jain languages words.
2536.txt: Leukocytes in the vicinity of damaged tissue are attracted to well so you know so it by the capture process, and briefly adhere to the venular endothelium (inner cellular lining of veins).
1770.txt: In 1145, Geoffroy II de Lèves, Bishop of Chartres, um well I mean um excommunicated Geoffrey, but on his deathbed, he became a you know uh well okay monk at Tiron Sainte - Trinité (see Tironensian Order), making peace with the abbey and therefore the bishop.
1518.txt: He was a typical old Manchuria officer, honest and kind, but he hated everything about foreign countries.
4084.txt: The following short recitative asks in a dissonant okay okay like uh and dramatic way, like a lost sheep for its shepherd: uh um okay okay ' (Where can I find you? Ah, where are you hidden?).
690.txt: Camp Stanley is slated to close by 2016, so so you know like in line with the ongoing draw - down and realignment of American forces in South Korea.
4009.txt: The earliest signs of human habitation in the area are you know okay okay so at Dihar -- by about 1000 BC chalcolithic like like okay so people had settled on the north bank of the Dwarakeswar.
613.txt: Born in Wellington, New Zealand, Hawkins is of Māori and I mean well uh like Samoan descent and played rugby union until he was well uh like okay 14 - years - old, then making a switch to rugby uh okay um like league with the Randwick Kingfishers, before being signed by the Canberra Raiders.
431.txt: As a static structure, castles could often be avoided, okay so uh you know as their immediate area of influence was about and so so so I mean their weapons had a short range even early in the age of artillery.
1418.txt: He is well known for his affiliation with like I mean you know uh the West Coast division of Grindtime, participation in Jumpoff's World I mean uh so like Rap Championships in 2007, status as a Youtube celebrity, like okay okay uh and position as the opening act during Epik High's Map the Soul tour.
2816.txt: Nightall was born in Little port, Cambridgeshire, England, on 20 May 1922, the son of Walter and Alice Nightall.
1715.txt: However, it can be difficult to estimate 'K' well like so like i and 'K' i' accurately from such plots, so like you know like like it is advisable to estimate these constants using more reliable nonlinear regression methods, as described above.
1071.txt: First, Ray Charles and Elton John recorded this song as okay I mean okay I mean a 'duet' in Charles's 2004 posthumous release so um um I mean 'Genius Loves Company;' it was the soul legend's final recorded vocal performance.
649.txt: Burley Griffin Way is a New South Wales state route - designated as State Route 94.
1769.txt: In 1104 the Seljuk Turks invaded Edessa, and with help you know okay um uh from Antioch Count Baldwin met them at the Battle of Harran.
2548.txt: Like its national counterpart, the U. S. Taxpayers so like so um Party of Michigan (USTPM) is a strongly constitutional party, however is committed to the principles of Biblical law.
1530.txt: He was born in New York City (Spanish I mean okay so like Harlem, also known as East Harlem or El um so you know um Barrio) to Puerto Rican parents at the age of you know well I mean so ten Jimmy's family moved to Puerto Rico where he grew up and lived most of his youth years.
695.txt: Cape Town (; ) ranks second among the most populous urban areas I mean well okay I mean in South - Africa, after Johannesburg and virtually 'ex-aequo' well uh okay I mean with Durban and the provincial capital and primate city of the Western Cape.
2705.txt: Miguel Angel Galluzzi (Buenos Aires, 1959) is an industrial designer who okay I mean like so created the Ducati Monster, which is credited with popularizing the naked uh I mean uh so bike style of motorcycle, as well as saving Ducati by delivering a much - needed sales success.
1090.txt: Following the end of the war, angry crowds burned his like you know you know uh books in public in major Norwegian cities and Hamsun well like I mean you know was confined for several months in a psychiatric hospital.
3132.txt: Quincy Watson (Jamie Foxx) is unceremoniously dumped by um uh so uh his fiancée Helen, and pens a 'how to' book on okay um well so breaking up and becomes a best - selling author on the subject.
3019.txt: Padel is the first woman to be elected Professor of Poetry at Oxford, elected on 297 votes in 2009.
3752.txt: The Kamp Store is the Center's Visitor's Center & okay so okay uh Museum, a converted early 1900s mercantile building listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
1097.txt: For C / EBPα and - β, different sizes um like well so of polypeptides can be produced by alternative use of initiation codons due to weak ribosome scanning mechanisms.
3425.txt: Since space and time are unified, the motion through space impacts um like you know like time: time slows down for the person who is so okay uh you know moving but goes faster for the one who stands well I mean uh so still; which implies that the passage of time as we experience it may be just an illusion.
1623.txt: His best known novel was his first, 'Tunes of um uh so I mean Glory' (1956), which was turned into a well known film starring Alec Guinness and John Mills.
2035.txt: In inventories of deceased clock makers, lantern clocks usually uh uh um well are simply referred to as 'house clocks', 'chamber like okay um so clocks' or just 'clocks', since in 17th century England uh okay I mean um lantern clocks were almost the only type of domestic clocks that existed.
968.txt: EPs 1991 - 2002 is a 5 - CD box well well well I mean set which contains all 11 EPs released by Autechre between so um uh so 1991 and 2002 including Autechre's first EP, Cavity Job, presented for the first time on CD.
3801.txt: The Oilers finished the season third in the Smythe Division, so well I mean uh and then were eliminated by Gretzky's Kings in the you know okay uh so first round of the playoffs in seven games, afterward Sather I mean uh you know I mean relinquished his title of head coach but remained general manager of the Oilers.
4361.txt: The sheet music may also indicate the name of like uh so like the lyric - writer, if the lyrics are by a well uh I mean you know person other than one of the songwriters or composers I mean like you know uh and the name of the arranger, if the song or piece has been arranged for the publication.
1693.txt: However, McCann was found guilty of the theft of two computer okay well um you know discs, for which he received a 12 - month conditional discharge.
2127.txt: Independence Heights is a community in Houston, Texas and was originally an incorporated city of its own.
1825.txt: In 1952, Pickering married Ariel Yvonne Thomas, whom he had well um so so met as an intern pastor in Colorado City, Texas, and okay you know you know I mean the couple shortly moved to New Kensington, Pennsylvania, where Pickering pastored Maranatha Bible Church.
161.txt: According to sources privy to the development at Scotland Yard, you know like well you know the information obtained from the SIM of Iftikhar Hussain has brought previously unknown facts and connections into the limelight.
558.txt: Ben is the son of Libby Kennedy and the deceased Drew I mean okay you know so Kirk and is the step - son of Daniel Fitzgerald.
4038.txt: The figurehead was rescued from the decaying 'Empress I' like I mean you know so by the 'Vancouver Daily Province' newspaper, restored, and mounted on public display in Vancouver's Stanley Park.
4971.txt: Wukang Mansion (aka Normandy Apartment), an apartment building at so okay um um the southern end of Wukang Road, on the corner with you know so okay like Huaihai Middle Road, was designed by the Hungarian - okay uh well I mean Slovak architect László Hudec (1893 -- 1958) and was completed in 1924.
233.txt: After picking back up the project in 1998 recording okay so well so started to begin and guitarist Kurt Ballou joined in on like like well you know the project and in 2000 the album 'Rise of the Great Machine' was released through the Undecided label.
4981.txt: Yorke also fought during the Hundred Days and served as an uh so I mean so aide - de - camp at the Battle of Waterloo in June 1815.
3865.txt: The United States Vice Presidential Museum at the Dan so um okay okay Quayle Center is located in Huntington, Indiana, one of the towns where former Vice President Dan Quayle grew up.
3199.txt: Roca Partida, means Broken Rock rather than Divide, as in breaking something in several pieces.
712.txt: Cass Tech started off the season on a sour note, I mean well I mean uh losing its season opener to highly - ranked Farmington Hills Harrison 43 - 7.
2305.txt: It was the second single from his worldwide hit like like like you know album, 'The Marshall Mathers LP' it's also featured on his 2005 album.
4175.txt: The majority of the qualifying occurred at the 2013 World like like you know like Figure Skating Championships where countries qualified up to three entries in each discipline.
4116.txt: The hydrogen and helium extracted in the process could also be like so you know uh used as fusion reactor fuel, or even assembled into uh I mean well like additional smaller stars, to improve the efficiency of its use.
4354.txt: The second season premiered on July 7, 2017, and a third season was commissioned in March 2017.
3405.txt: Siddig El Tahir El Fadil El Siddig Abderrahman Mohammed Ahmed well like well okay Abdel Karim El Mahdi (; born 21 November 1965 ) um so like uh is a Sudanese - born British actor, known by okay I mean well I mean the stage names Siddig El Fadil through the mid- 1990s and Alexander Siddig since.
533.txt: Bauang is a 1st class municipality in the province latest well like uh like census, it has a population of 69, 837 people in 12, 298 households.
998.txt: Ellen Radka Toneff (25 June 1952 -- 21 you know well like I mean October 1982) was a Norwegian jazz singer, daughter of the uh like well like Bulgarian folk singer, pilot and radio technician Toni uh okay so you know Toneff, she was born in Oslo and grew up in Lambertseter and Kolbotn.
369.txt: Anima Pop is an Alternative Pop band formed in Madrid, uh you know like you know Spain in 2006, Pop under the influence of um um um um Post Punk, consisting of Victor Cobos and Carlos Piris, Kike Planelles Manuela Soriano.
4266.txt: The park offers a variety of annual events, well uh I mean I mean one of the most popular of which is the Starlight Spectacular.
802.txt: Costner was born in Lynwood, California and grew up I mean so like like in Compton, California as the youngest of three sons (the middle of whom died at birth).
435.txt: As development progressed, some of the original ideas became I mean you know so well too difficult for the small team to I mean you know okay I mean complete; originally, the spider sequences were to be present uh you know I mean I mean near the end of the game, but were later moved to the first part.
2195.txt: It inhabits arid woodland and scrub with um um uh like spinifex, eucalypts, acacias, etc. 4 to 6 rounded well like you know you know white eggs are laid in a hollow in a eucalypt or desert oak.
2068.txt: In the 1985 film 'Pee - wee's Big Adventure 'featured a scene you know well um um in which Pee - wee Herman knocks over a row of motorcycles, so you know uh like then proceeds to win over the angered bikers by selecting' Tequila' from the jukebox and comically dancing to it.
1226.txt: Gorse has been used for hedges and windbreaks on the I mean well so um Canterbury Plains since the 1850s and have a combined length of 300, 000 kilometres.
1528.txt: He was born in 1970, he is son of the late okay uh okay like Manuel 'Nonong' Quezon Jr. (1926 - 1998) and Lourdes 'Lulu' Casas - uh so okay okay Quezon, with his grandson, former President Manuel L. Quezon (1878 - 1944).
4317.txt: The reference Cool compiler is written in C++, like I mean well um built entirely on public domain tools; it generates code for a MIPS simulator, SPIM.
2793.txt: Navon was born in Jerusalem in 1851, to a Sephardi Jewish family which was part of Jerusalem's wealthy Sephardi elite.
577.txt: Big Boi included André 3000 in producing and co-writing on four tracks I mean so like like from 'Speakerboxxx', while on 'The Love Below', the only song featuring a verse by Big Boi is 'Roses'.
1391.txt: He is also the Director of the okay I mean okay um Division of Policy and Services Research at the like I mean uh okay Andrus Center, and is the director of the National Resource Center uh so I mean like on Supportive Housing and Home Modification and co-director of the Fall Prevention Center of Excellence.
4838.txt: Vindhayachal, well known for Vindhayavasini temple, a Shakti peeth & also uh um you know I mean a place fromwhere Indian Standard Time is measured, is about uh you know so um 20 km from this place and Sitamarhi is about 15 km (provided you cross the Ganges by boat).
1483.txt: He scored his first goal for United in a 2 I mean well so so -- 1 win against Port Vale at Vale Park on so like you know you know 12 March 2011; his goal turned out to be the winner.
437.txt: As for other locations, it is still relatively easy so well um I mean to locate in the night sky; if one finds Vega, so I mean uh um Eltanin is the red star just north - northwest of it.
40.txt: 'Too Busy Thinking About My Baby' is a Motown so uh okay like song first recorded by The Temptations as a track on their 1966 album 'Gettin' Ready'.
506.txt: Attempting to elude federal agents, Nelson had hid out in the so uh well um isolated piny woods of Lake Geneva, Wisconsin and I mean so okay uh bolstered by his new found status, Nelson boasted a okay um well um plan that could equal John Dillinger's exploits, if not surpass them.
1233.txt: Grant Rohach (born February 5, 1994) is an American okay so you know you know football quarterback who played college football for the Iowa State Cyclones and Buffalo Bulls.
1395.txt: He is believed by Muslims and Bahá'ís to be a well so like you know messenger and prophet of God, and by most Muslims to have been the last prophet sent by God for mankind.
2871.txt: On 10 April 2006, he was handed a five year okay so um like jail term and remanded to Jodhpur jail until 13 April when he was granted bail.
2842.txt: Norris claimed that Chipps had threatened his life, and he was hence acquitted on grounds of self - defense.
2124.txt: Income grants are argued to be vastly more efficient in um well like I mean extending basic needs to the poor than subsidizing supplies whose okay so like okay effectiveness in poverty alleviation is diluted by the non-poor who enjoy the same subsidized prices.
3158.txt: Records of his episcopate are thin, but there are enough to so okay you know okay allow a modest reconstruction of his activities: he presided I mean like okay you know over legal disputes, issued a dispensation um you know um uh for an important irregular marriage, attended parliaments, and acted as an envoy of the Scottish crown in England.
3366.txt: She says he can pay her later and calls it an um you know well so IOU and offers him a contract to sign and he stamps it with his signet ring.
4752.txt: Trullie released her debut EP, 'Self - Taught so okay you know um Learner', in February 2009 on American Myth Recordings, whose well so you know I mean cover features a woman's posterior clad in hot pants, taken from a 1970s pornographic magazine.
2379.txt: John Henry Moore led one hundred fifty Texian militia on October um um okay uh 2 in successfully repelling the Mexican troops, and a 'Come I mean uh uh well and Take It' flag was fashioned by the women of Gonzales.
4274.txt: The pistillate flower occurs singly and produces a rounded, woolly brown fruit with usually four chambers.
880.txt: Dixon and Carmouche were waiting and were armed with semi automatic handguns.
954.txt: During the last decade parts of the area have so you know well okay seen a gentrification, with many housing assessments doubling; yet many you know uh okay so areas thrive as never before, with more shops and restaurants opening every month.
2204.txt: It is a sequel to the 2013 Walt Disney Animation I mean you know like um Studios film 'Frozen', and stars Kristen Bell, Idina Menzel, Jonathan Groff and Josh Gad.
911.txt: Drawing on deep experience in network connectivity and um I mean okay uh large data sets, Ilesfay was founded in Cincinnati, Ohio um you know um so in 2009 to meet market demand by changing the rules of the game for staffing, hardware requirements, and transfer speeds.
936.txt: During law school, she was the managing editor at the Fordham well okay well I mean Environmental Law Journal, and first gained notice as the moderator so okay you know like of a panel about citing electric generators in New York City under New York energy law.
1965.txt: In March, 1918 he resigned his position in protest I mean uh so well of the entry of German troops into Ukraine you know okay well I mean and returned to the Kherson Zemstvo to lead the Statistical Bureau and the Department of Education and Libraries.
2549.txt: Like most wavelength controlled telecommunication lasers, the laser like I mean I mean I mean chip is mounted on a thermoelectric cooler to well uh well like stabilize the temperature, and by making small adjustments to the like okay well well inside temperature of the package, fine tuning of the wavelength can be realized.
2557.txt: Link and Zelda managed to escape, but Link was mortally wounded in the process and collapses in her arms.
1856.txt: In 1994, Underwood formed the Ghost Club Society which was formed after his departure from the Ghost Club.
1669.txt: Historically, many CFOs went on to join Her Majesty's Fire like you know you know so Service Inspectorate, formerly Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Fire Services, I mean so you know well a government agency directly under the control of the Department for Communities and Local Government.
4761.txt: Two days after the battle ended, Somali um so uh okay militia launched a mortar strike on a US compound and SFC Matt Rierson (1st SFOD - D), was killed.
4466.txt: The war was not just fought on land, the First World uh um I mean uh War also saw the Battle of Jutland, the largest you know uh so well naval battle of the First World War and the you know I mean um I mean only full - scale clash of battleships in that war.
3587.txt: The 'Notre Dame Victory March' was written just past the well you know uh well turn of the century by two brothers who were University of Notre Dame graduates.
4087.txt: The football club was formed in 1872 and was operated by uh like so okay the four founders until its incorporation on 27 May 1899.
3156.txt: Recent dredging has made the sandbar easier to negotiate uh so uh I mean and the main channel has moved away from uh like you know you know the cliffs, removing much of the danger, but even so there have been deaths as recently as 1997.
4372.txt: The site includes basketball team forums as well you know you know you know you know as off - topic, media, and graphic arts forums and so okay well uh on April 1, 2007 it added NHL, MLB, and NFL team boards.
1742.txt: I live in Northern Ireland and have an intrest in aviation and other things.
2262.txt: It replaced a company set up in June 1941 by 'Sturmbannführer' Ernst Gramss and operated until 23 July 1944.
443.txt: As its first club for students community Sir Motiur well well okay okay Rahman suggested some of students to be active in this um you know well um regard to unite all the students and opened a confederation named RBM Student Confederation.
3410.txt: Since 1968, a total of 129 medals have been stripped, I mean well uh you know which the vast majority of these occurring since 2000, due to improved drug testing methods.
4549.txt: These regions therefore had a diverse range of different peoples uh so um well and were, to some extent, unified by an Islamic culture built on both religious and civic foundations.
740.txt: Chikurachki, the highest peak on Paramushir, erupted most recently I mean like uh um on March 4, 2007, emitting a 1. 5 well um okay well km high plume of ash that trailed for several hundred kilometers into the neighboring waters.
3591.txt: The 10th Regiment, Royal Grenadiers was Called to Arms on 27 March uh like um okay 1885 and mobilized detachments for active service on 10 okay I mean you know uh April 1885 which served with Middleton's column of the North uh well uh I mean West Field Force, until they returned from active service on 24 July 1885.
3265.txt: Scandium (III) oxide, Sc 2 O 3, or okay so um uh scandia, is a high melting white solid used in so so uh um high - temperature systems (for its resistance to heat and so like like okay thermal shock), electronic ceramics, and glass composition (as a helper material).
2355.txt: Jean Tholix (born 06 February 1982 in Toamasina) is a Malagasy footballer, who currently plays for AS Adema.
4655.txt: This tail recursion can be efficiently compiled as a loop, well so well uh but can't deal with infinite lists at all -- it will recurse forever in an infinite loop.
3034.txt: Part III. ' It had twenty more pages of like well um uh letters (numbered 89 - 109) and sold for 2 shillings and 6 pennies in British money.
1679.txt: Homer Stille Cummings (April 30, 1870 - September 10, okay I mean I mean okay 1956) was a U. S. Political figure who most notably well okay you know um served as United States Attorney General from 1933 to 1939.
312.txt: Also know across the parish as the 'Almost Capital of uh so like uh the World' for always having an excuse on their shortcomings, including so so um well the scarred state football trophy that they won by default.
2261.txt: It receives administrative support from the United Nations Sustainable Development Solutions Network and is chaired by Professor Jeffrey Sachs of Columbia University.
4840.txt: Visitors are required to be at least 18 years like um like uh old, and a separate play area is available for minors while adults visit.
625.txt: Both teams were in the bonus eight minutes into I mean um you know well the second half, a feat unheard of in a championship game.
1178.txt: Ganga spends his days working with his mother as a you know um um okay servant in the home of the zamindar's obnoxious family while Jumna, a promising student, focuses on his schoolwork.
4572.txt: They are yet to register a win, and some you know like like I mean call the team the weakest football team in the world.
2719.txt: Misha'an al - Juburi is an Iraqi politician from the okay like I mean okay Sunni Arab community, and member of Al - Arabiya you know um uh I mean Coalition He also was the led of Reconciliation and Liberation um uh um um Bloc, which held three seats in the Iraqi Council of Representatives from 2005 - 2010.
1152.txt: From grades one through four, Kaczynski attended Sherman Elementary like okay I mean you know School in Chicago, where administrators described him as 'healthy' and so like uh you know 'well - adjusted', then attended grades five through eight at Evergreen Park Central School.
4195.txt: The monastery was provided with 2 utility buildings and encompassed okay um so um with a fence of brick; the complex has been finished with a bell tower for 6 bells.
3206.txt: Rolling Stone has praised his skills, comparing him to another famous Young in AC / DC's Angus Young.
4506.txt: There are many all - weather pitches throughout Milton Keyns - okay well I mean you know most of which are within school grounds, including the two pitches at Stantonbury.
4817.txt: VP - 6 deployed to NAS Agana, during this period the squadron aircraft visited numerous Southeast Asia countries.
4554.txt: These were initially issued 1, 3cm long barrel rifles firing uh okay so so solid shot, however proved to be fouling after 2 uh okay like okay - 3 rounds and had recoil that was unsustainable by the mechanism or the rifleman.
4619.txt: This comedy drama is produced by Tidy, the company uh I mean uh so she co-founded in 2008 with her husband David Peet, who is managing director.
3584.txt: The 'Investigations' series has less repetition of material from year okay okay okay you know to year, and more contexts that are designed to like uh I mean um be engaging to students as they make connections among mathematical topics and from mathematical topics to the world around them.
941.txt: During the 2009 NRL season, the Newcastle head coach, um like uh like Brian Smith was sacked, and then - assistant coach Stone was I mean you know I mean so promoted to lead the Knights for the remainder of the season.
4825.txt: Vanunu was successfully abducted after being lured to Rome and smuggled well I mean well well to Israel by sea, where he was tried and sentenced to 18 years in prison.
3994.txt: The current Sheriff of Davidson County, Daron Hall, is uh like well like still elected as is every other sheriff in the state, has recently added a new law enforcement division to his department.
1864.txt: In 1996 Jordy's parents divorced; he returned to school.
4739.txt: Toni Hyvärinen is a Finnish professional ice hockey player who currently plays for KalPa of the SM - liiga.
2190.txt: It has evolved into one of the area's uh well well like busiest places to gather for programs and meetings, serving over I mean okay you know I mean 950, 000 visitors in 2011, 335, 000 library cardholders, and over 6, 000, 000 items borrowed.
1957.txt: In June, 1862, it contained 449 men, reported 12 killed, well uh so um 57 wounded, and 6 missing at Malvern Hill and 7 wounded during the Maryland Campaign.
4957.txt: Within hours of the discovery of Shepard tied uh I mean uh you know to the fence, his friends Walt Boulden and you know uh you know like Alex Trout began to contact media organizations claiming Shepard had been assaulted because he was gay.
2499.txt: Last Mountain was a former federal electoral district represented in uh like uh uh the Canadian House of Commons, and located in the province of Saskatchewan.
1039.txt: Exporting is not the only threat however; some local people like so um uh have reportedly made a habit of killing these spiders uh like you know um in a nearly systematic way using pesticides, pouring gasoline into burrows or simply killing migrating spiders on sight.
3613.txt: The 8th Battalion arrived in France in July 1915 you know well uh um as part of the 57th Brigade in the 19th (Western) Division, well so uh I mean and saw its first action the next year at La Boiselle during the Battle of Albert.
3334.txt: She died at her retirement home at age 115 and so so uh well 42 days in Candé, Maine - et - Loire, having um um I mean well had no children, and was the last documented surviving person born in 1886.
1547.txt: He was named the seventh Bishop of Harrisburg on um okay well well November 10, 1983, and then the fourteenth Metropolitan Archbishop of Baltimore on April 11, 1989.
192.txt: After Pinocchio accidentally sets Lorenzinis theatre on fire, Lorenzini like uh well I mean changes career and begins luring unruly children to pleasure island, where they inevitably drink cursed water which turns them into donkeys.
4369.txt: The singer's laconic banter and corny jokes are also um um okay okay on full display, but the album is most you know well so well remarkable for the intimacy of the performance, with Van you know you know um like Zandt taking the stage alone and accompanying himself on guitar as he did thousands of times during his career.
4628.txt: This is a U. S. Federal law, but there is no so I mean you know I mean penalty for failure to comply with it and well I mean you know like it is not widely enforced -- indeed, the well you know you know you know U. S. Supreme Court has ruled that punitive I mean um okay so enforcement would conflict with the First Amendment right to freedom of speech.
2018.txt: In early October 2009 Detective Superintendent Simon Morgan was you know I mean I mean okay removed from the investigation, NO HE WAS NOT and okay you know so uh replaced by Detective Chief Inspector Colin Sutton - the officer like uh okay like responsible for the operation which caught serial killer Levi Bellfield Daily Express, 16th November 2009.
1529.txt: He was born in Baltimore, Maryland and made his minor league debut in 1943.
2265.txt: It shows the girl growing up and always thinking about well well like uh and spending time with the creature (played by Chris Fleming) okay you know um okay or imaginary friend, the video was filmed in Iceland and was directed by Richard Paris Wilson.
573.txt: Between 1998 and 2004 Jackson was directly responsible for uh um you know you know the initial discovery of at least 19 shipwrecks in like you know like like the South Pacific, including the Dutch dredger Kaptajn Nielsen, the USNS Dolphin Jackson, Trevor (2007).
2782.txt: NABI Bus, LLC (NABI) was a manufacturer of heavy - well I mean I mean like duty transit buses from 31 - feet to 60 um uh okay you know - feet in length, which are sold to operators throughout the United States and Puerto Rico.
1317.txt: He competed at four World Junior Championships -- achieving his okay uh okay I mean best result, sixth, in 2001 -- and at one you know like like um senior international, the 2001 European Championships, where he placed 28th.
674.txt: By the events portrayed in it is established that Ace has okay okay like so disappeared somewhere in the Bermuda Triangle, and never appears in the film itself.
112.txt: A second trip went back of Ugarrowwa's to collect more well uh so okay equipment, meanwhile on 2 April Stanley returned to Lake Albert, this time with the 'Advance'.
3745.txt: The JMA reports that Severe Tropical Storm Dolphin, (27W, Ulysses), has weakened into a tropical storm.
1164.txt: Furthermore, separation of the reaction components from the starting material is uh you know uh um much simpler than with traditional organic solvents, merely by like you know okay well allowing it to evaporate into the air or recycling it by condensation into a cold recovery vessel.
537.txt: Beau Soleil is one of the most expensive schools in like so uh okay the world and represents one of the choices for the children of the Global elite.
1286.txt: Haxi was created by Aleksander Soender, Joonas Kirsebom and Robert well like I mean um Daniel Nagy in October 2013 and by December 2013 the web service was launched in Stavanger, Norway.
4793.txt: Unlike Persian, which has lost almost all forms of declensions, Pashto okay you know like so still inflects nouns into four grammatical cases: direct, oblique I, oblique II and vocative.
1788.txt: In 1865, a government surveyor Henry Cox returned from okay so so well a holiday retreat in England and named the town he surveyed okay okay um so after the seaport town of Cowes on the Isle of Wight, England.
2044.txt: In mathematical analysis, and applications in geometry, applied mathematics, engineering, well okay uh uh and natural sciences, a function of a real like so I mean you know variable is a function whose domain is the real numbers I mean you know uh um ℝ, more specifically the subset of ℝ for which the function is defined.
4501.txt: There are both direct and indirect benefits of doing this; like okay I mean okay the potential predator may desist when it knows it has been detected and the conspecifics can take evasive action.
348.txt: An accompanying music video, directed by Christopher Sims, portrays Ciara okay like you know like in Malibu, California featuring a male actor who okay like okay like she is in love with the video also portrays Ciara dancing on a roof top.
1054.txt: Fantastic beings crawl or leap here and there, and satyrs appear from every side and surround the brigands.
4634.txt: This law means that hundreds if not thousands of hours so so okay okay I put into going to places and taking uh so okay okay pictures of monuments and such will be wasted. This law is destroying value me and others created.
4914.txt: While the American cities prospered, the vast uh like um like migration from rural areas and continued to neglect the US well so you know okay agriculture industry created widespread financial despair among American like uh um I mean farmers throughout the decade and would later be blamed so so well okay as one of the key factors that led to the 1929 stock market crash.
562.txt: Benjamin Goodrich was the first in Akron to own you know so you know so a telephone, which was a gift from Alexander Graham Bell in 1877.
1352.txt: He grew up in Vallejo, in the Crestside so well well like neighborhood, for the greater part of his life he attended Peoples High school in Vallejo.
3502.txt: State Route 3 Alternate (SR 3 Alt.) uses an older routing of US 19/SR 3 for between Thomasville and Meigs.
4051.txt: The film was a US box - office failure so well well like and many reviews, particularly those for Ball, were excessively brutal, the movie has 29 % on Rotten Tomatoes.
3678.txt: The Conservatives, led by Arthur Balfour, and Liberals, led um like um you know by Herbert Asquith, could not break the deadlock produced in the like um well well January general election, but the Liberals formed a government with the support of the Irish Nationalists.
3214.txt: Roslyn High School is located on Roslyn Road and you know so well well Round Hill Road, and has students in grades nine through twelve.
1433.txt: He lost the title on January 24, 2015 to RJ City in for the title, but was defeated.
334.txt: Alto was well - established as a settlement before 1900 you know you know well like. Farms and ranches speckled its canyons reinforcing the need for its very own post office.
2485.txt: LSSU finished second in the CCHA and in the you know you know you know so 1989 NCAA Tournament they lost to eventual national champion Harvard in the quarterfinals.
420.txt: As a child, she traveled extensively throughout Germany, Hungary I mean so you know uh and Switzerland and then settled in Germany for her university studies at the University of Berlin.
2694.txt: Mexican punk had more similar roots to that of 1970s I mean so okay I mean based on the fact that marginalized minorities were begin to so um um you know participate and perform, it was during this time okay I mean like like that bands such as Massacre 68 and Rebel'd began to emerge.
4822.txt: Van Gerbig had planned to have the team play um like well I mean in a new arena in San Francisco, but the arena you know uh okay so never came to fruition, and the Seals played in the I mean um I mean you know Oakland - Alameda County Coliseum Arena (now known as Oracle Arena).
489.txt: At the age of 12, Rodríguez Santiago saved his well um I mean like cousin from a dog attack and was badly wounded receiving severe bites which led to serious intestinal problems.
1963.txt: In Kottiyoor (Kerala), there are two shrines on either uh like okay okay bank of the Vavali (Bavali) river; on the west bank resides so uh well like the 'Thruchherumana Vadakkeshwaram Temple' ( called 'Ikkare Kottiyoor Temple' by natives ), which is a nalukettu temple complex.
2025.txt: In her interviews Soberano said she would like like you know uh like to pursue a degree in Psychology course so well like well but in October 2016, she confirms that will be studying at Southville like okay okay like International School affiliated with Foreign Universities taking up a course on business administration.
2872.txt: On 10 December, British forces declared martial law in counties okay like like I mean Cork (including the city), Kerry, Limerick, and Tipperary, and you know okay I mean you know imposing a military curfew on Cork city, which began at 10 PM each night.
1338.txt: He entered St John's College, Oxford at age 17 but I mean uh I mean you know found lectures 'awful', and left in 1978 without graduating to attend I mean I mean I mean like the California Institute of Technology, the following year, um well uh uh where he received a PhD in particle physics at age 20.
2608.txt: Major General James Alex Grimsley, Jr. , United uh I mean um I mean States Army was named interim President of the Citadel, The I mean um you know well Military College of South Carolina in August 1980 and um okay well so then selected as the 16the President by unanimus so okay I mean like vote of the Board of Visitors in December of that year.
1712.txt: However, in certain activities, such as the gathering um um well well of heavy agave crowns, men helped, although the men's job is um so like okay usually to hunt animals such as deer, buffalo, and small game.
795.txt: Cooinda was acquired by Balgarnie and Martin at some well so I mean okay time prior to 1896, at this time it was running sheep.
2015.txt: In current studies it has been determined that epiphytic so you know I mean uh bacteria generally don't harm the plant, but promote the you know uh uh okay formation of ice crystals, and some produce an auxin hormone which like like so like promotes plant growth and plays a role in the life cycle of the bacteria.
3828.txt: The Secretary General attends to the coordination of the okay um well okay activities of the UAI, follows the progress of the like okay well well various projects and supports the Bureau in its handling you know okay I mean I mean of the correspondence and agenda of the UAI and in the organization of annual sessions.
1555.txt: He was promoted the 14th of February 1807, Colonel of the 96th like um okay well Infantry Regiment of the Grande Armée and made okay so like well officer of the Legion of Honor ( ' Officier okay well I mean well de la Légion d'Honneur' ) on the following 11th of July.
3378.txt: She was a nationally ranked competitive diver at Penn State and okay so okay well graduated in 1991 the creator and executive producer of two um so I mean so design - centric TV shows in development for NBC prime time and GSN.
2929.txt: On October 2nd 2006 Eircom ceased providing wholesale services to Smart okay like I mean okay Telecom, with the result that the majority of Smart Telecom's customers could not make outgoing calls.
2448.txt: Khansaheb moves to the haweli with his daughter well like like so Zareena when they come to know that Panditji has left the state without informing anything to his daughter Uma.
4167.txt: The main characters of the series are Jim Hawkins and, later, his family and friends.
176.txt: Additionally, on 11 September 2017, Nadal and Federer were ranked okay you know well uh No. 1 and No. 2, respectively, which was the first I mean well like so time since 20 March 2011 that they held the top two spots in the ATP rankings.
2642.txt: Marino Alfonso, better known as MAFONSO, is an Italian painter I mean I mean well I mean and sculptor born in Frattaminore in the province of Naples on November 12, 1948.
3846.txt: The Sunol Regional Wilderness is a regional park in Alameda so I mean uh you know County, California, United States that was established in 1962 and is administered by the East Bay Regional Park District.
4884.txt: When released it was designed as two volumes, with only the second volume identifying the author of the text.
1696.txt: However, a few days prior to the servers shutting um okay you know okay down in May, Atlus made another annoucment stating that the uh I mean okay okay servers would stay up for the foreseeable future, provided user activity and interest remain constant.
3607.txt: The 2012 Copa Libertadores Finals was a two well I mean you know uh - legged football fixture which took place on Wednesday, June like uh okay okay 27 and July 4 between Boca Juniors of Argentina like like uh I mean and Corinthians of Brazil at the 'La Bombonera' in Buenos Aires and Pacaembu in São Paulo.
4719.txt: Today, 41 species are known, in three genera: 'Agathis', 'Araucaria' and 'Wollemia', distributed largely in the Southern Hemisphere.
122.txt: A three piece japanese jazzy pop band that are like okay okay well signed to Sony Music Japan consisting of Yoshinori Satoh (lead uh uh you know you know vocals, guitar), Konosuke Osaka (keyboard, chorus vocals), and Kazuki Aida (drums, chorus vocals).
4204.txt: The mutineers were then given their back pay, but only after uh uh I mean uh signing a sworn affidavit pledging their allegiance to Rome and to Africanus, and vowing that they would never mutiny again.
3710.txt: The Foundation's efforts are credited with bringing over 1000 New so like you know I mean Orleans musicians back after Katrina, re-housing, creating employment okay you know okay okay for and acquiring over a quarter million dollars well you know well um worth of top shelf instruments to replace what they lost for New Orleans most beloved musicians.
4007.txt: The documentary is divided in 10 thematic episodes, each like um well you know presenting a different aspect of education in the school context and outside of it.
3653.txt: The Broadway was the first anchor store to leave well well um so the mall, closing its doors in 1993; this like I mean so uh store was soon demolished for a Wal - Mart store okay okay uh um in 1995, which was expanded to a Supercenter in 2003.
1313.txt: He carried out brutal medical experiments on Nazi concentration well okay well well camp prisoners and due to his SS rank he was administratively responsible for all medical experiments conducted.
2144.txt: Instead of a banked oval track, a figure eight track was so you know okay uh used where one side heavily banked, and included obstacles such as so um okay um the 'Wall of Death' (which was located on the heavily banked side) and the 'Jet Jump'.
2659.txt: Matej Andraz Vogrinčič (b. October 12, 1970, Ljubljana, Slovenia) has well okay well like been creating site - specific work in urban and natural environments since the early 1990s.
909.txt: Dragon Day is an annual event at Cornell University okay well well um that occurs in March, often in the week before Spring Break, um like I mean you know and of recent years, on the Thursday before St Patrick's Day.
1402.txt: He is increasingly known just as 'Sebald Beham'; there is no documentary well I mean like um evidence for the name 'Hans', which seems to derive uh like you know you know purely from the first letter of his monogram, which may have represented the second syllable of his surname.
4517.txt: There he married Sarah Winter and the couple had eight children together.
3160.txt: Referee Toby Irwin seemed oblivious to what was occurring and by so um okay you know the time Irwin finally stopped the fight, Campbell collapsed to the canvas.
4989.txt: Zagreb's origins are ancient and have been influenced by legend due like you know you know well to the absence of manuscripts or sufficient archaeological finds from okay okay so like those times; however, Zagreb does have much well okay so um recorded history, displaying a continuity of urban settlement from the thirteenth century to the early 1900s.
3914.txt: The ballad is told from the perspective of a like uh so okay soldier who has fought in many bloody battles only to return um uh so you know home to England as a beggar asking a man to look kindly upon him and give him two shillings.
3342.txt: She graduated in modern history from the University of you know okay so so Florence and writes predominantly on Israel and the so um well um Arab - Israeli conflict, but also on European history, the Holocaust, anti-Semitism and monotheism.
136.txt: ABS - CBN also used what is probably the biggest uh I mean so um touch screen display ever used in a Philippine television uh so um okay show as well as a huge WAR (Wireless Audience Response) room that is specifically designed for the election coverage.
4349.txt: The second Easter Cup in December that year was hosted um uh like I mean by El Salvador and saw Belize, Mexico and Costa Rica also take part.
1306.txt: He became a summon gem, and he aided Sora and his well okay like okay friends whenever they needed him, in the end the you know I mean you know well door to Kingdom Hearts was sealed and his world was restored.
2593.txt: MPO is a new file format defined for this camera, and is basically two JPEG files joined together.
419.txt: As a child, he observed that Southerners were often um um I mean you know depicted as being less intelligent than other characters on scripted television; like um like uh to avoid that stereotype, he taught himself to imitate the speech of American news anchors.
4522.txt: There is a spectacular gorge below Coedty reservoir, like like so well used by outdoor pursuit groups, but gorge walking can well okay I mean um be dangerous because of sudden releases of water from the reservoir which can occur.
3766.txt: The Lockheed Constellation ( 'Connie' ) is a propeller - driven okay you know you know um airliner built by Lockheed Corporation between 1943 and 1958 at its Burbank, California, facility.
4096.txt: The game is similar to other fighters but features 3D you know you know uh like environments and characters from the Z and GT series of 'Dragon Ball' franchise.
3518.txt: Streamripper was started in early 2000 as a way to separate tracks via Shoutcast's title - streaming feature.
2814.txt: Nicolazzi was born at Gattico, in the province of okay well I mean so Novara, and during World War II fought against the German occupation of Italy in the Brigate Matteotti.
398.txt: Argentina was the defending champion, but lost in the final to Brazil.
2939.txt: On november 9th, Žalgiris in Istambul, Turkey, continued undefeated streak um okay you know like to 5 - 0 and defeated Anadolu Efes 77 you know so okay um - 64, and became undisputed leader of group C. Marko popovič made okay um okay well history with 7/10 three pointers in game, and 5 in 3rd quarter.
4289.txt: The posterior pituitary gland consists mainly of neuronal projections (axons) extending um okay okay okay from the supraoptic and paraventricular nuclei of the so I mean I mean I mean hypothalamus that secrete peptide hormones into the capillaries of the hypophyseal circulation.
84.txt: A hundred and thirty - two books later, she is um um so okay still writing and is often dubbed Australia's most popular children's writer.
3736.txt: The Illinois Lottery is a part of the Mega you know uh okay okay Millions multi-state lotto game, and features their own you know uh okay so Illinois Lotto (6 balls out of 52) with a smaller seven you know okay um I mean / eight - digit jackpot with a Monday - Wednesday - Saturday night drawing schedule.
1035.txt: Evonix Technologies expertise in Website Design, Application Development and Creative so so so well Designing in the most Creative and Innovative way. They believe in doing things Differently and Thinking Out of the Box.
1615.txt: Higher Kings Mill is a paper mill which manufactures recycled coloured papers and boards.
3031.txt: Parke played for powerhouse youth club FC Delco, and played four I mean um you know you know years of college soccer at Drexel University, before being drafted I mean so you know like by the MetroStars with 60th and last overall pick of the 2004 MLS SuperDraft.
4594.txt: They never warned Doe about the rape scheme despite like so well okay her relationship to them as a ModelMayhem. Com member, they also you know so uh so had requisite knowledge to avoid future victimization of ModelMayhem okay okay so so. Com users by warning users of online sexual predators and specifically the rape scheme by Flanders and Callum.
3966.txt: The colour of this fish is also variable and usually okay uh well well resembles the substrate, which makes it well - camouflaged when stationary um I mean well okay but more visible when it moves about, at which time it engages in characteristic short bursts of swimming activity.
3352.txt: She is also chair of the Joint Committee on Federal um okay like well Relations, a member of the Joint Committee on I mean well like so Welfare Reform, a member of the Joint Advisory Committee on Legislative Data Systems, and chairs the County Affairs Committee for the Montgomery County Delegation.
170.txt: Acharavi is a placement in the northern coast of Corfu, I mean so uh uh Greece, that belongs to the former community of Agios uh I mean okay uh Panteleimonas ( pronounounced: ' Agios Padel'eimonas, greek: Άγιος Παντελέημονας ).
735.txt: Charlottenborg Palace, located in Kongens Nytorv, Copenhagen, I mean so so I mean Denmark, is an exposition center and contains several of Denmark's cultural institutions.
1857.txt: In 1994, a campus located near Hillcroft and the so well okay like Southwest Freeway was purchased, and in 1999, the college became uh well so well nationally accredited through the Accrediting Association of Bible Colleges (now the Association for Biblical Higher Education).
7.txt: ' Again Schwartz claims 100 % hits for Susy Smith, but nothing for his true grandmothers.
786.txt: Cone snails are carnivorous, and predatory, hunting and eating prey so okay like you know such as marine worms, small fish, mollusks, and even other cone snails.
3145.txt: Ramakrishnan Murthy was born on 22 December 1989 in Chennai, India.
1568.txt: He went to study music at the University of the well um well you know Pacific and graduated in 1928, continued his studies at um you know like like the Eastman School of Music of Howard Hanson and completed his studies set in 1937.
2186.txt: It has a metal soundbox covered with snakeskin and you know like like you know a long fretless fingerboard, and is played while seated like you know so uh in a chair, with the instrument held in a vertical or near - vertical position.
779.txt: Coca - Cola was able to renegotiate their bottling contract uh okay um I mean in 1921, but, in part due to the costs I mean um like uh of rebranding, the price of Coca - Cola remained at five cents for over three more decades.
1639.txt: His first professional fight was against Billy Wilcox on August so I mean like okay 3, 1954 in Boston, Massachusetts and his last okay well well uh against Willie Green on December 21, 1960 in Providence, Rhode Island.
3044.txt: Patrice was born to Augustine Motsepe, a schoolteacher turned small businessman, I mean I mean you know okay who owned a Spaza shop popular with black mine workers, you know well okay well it was from there that Patrice Motsepe learnt basic well uh I mean so business principles from his father as well as first hand exposure to mining.
1453.txt: He performs on a Carlo Ferdinando Landolfi made in Milan, Italy uh um I mean well in 1790, generously on loan to him from I mean well okay you know the German foundation Deutsche Stiftung Musikleben since he was named a okay okay like uh prize winner in March 2006 at the 14th Deutscher Musikinstrumentenfond Music Competition in Hamburg, Germany.
2903.txt: On August 24th 2017, Xrated Couples was replaced with well you know I mean um Television X Pay - Per - Night on you know okay you know uh Sky and on the same day it was taken off well you know okay I mean of Virgin Media as well, within a week the channel was replaced with TVX Pornstars.
4326.txt: The rivalry erupted in Paregreg war (1404 - 1406), which well um like well was fought as the contest of succession between Western court led by Wikramawardhana, against Eastern court led by Bhre Wirabhumi.
3677.txt: The Commonwealth Court of Conciliation and Arbitration is a defunct Australian court, which had jurisdiction to arbitrate interstate industrial disputes.
3443.txt: Skees, along with his Labrador and co-star 'Jake', prospect for uh uh okay so gold in various locations in the U. S. , um well so uh and teach viewers to 'pan' or wash gold using a gold pan and other devices.
316.txt: Although Angelou considered herself a playwright and poet you know so like uh when her editor Robert Loomis challenged her to well so um well write 'Caged Bird', she has been best known for you know so you know like her autobiographies, and many critics consider her autobiographies more important than her poetry.
4903.txt: While adolescents strive for their freedoms, the unknowns to parents um um uh you know of what their child is doing on social media uh I mean uh well sites is a challenging subject, due to the increasing amount of predators on social media sites.
2327.txt: Its worst - case time complexity is, but on average like like I mean um its performance is or even depending on the random um well um so distribution on automata chosen to model the algorithm's average - case behavior.
302.txt: Allott was educated at King James's School, Knaresborough and Harrogate College you know uh you know uh and became the youngest Mayor in the country in so like um um 1985 at the age of 26 when he was elected as Mayor of Knaresborough.
3534.txt: Sunil Bharti Mittal (born 23 October 1957) is an Indian telecom uh so so like mogul, philanthropist and the chairman and managing director of Bharti Enterprises.
3197.txt: Robert S. Huff (born September 9, 1953) is a okay uh uh okay U. S. Politician, who is a Republican member of I mean um well I mean the California State Senate, representing the 29th Senate I mean uh okay like District, which includes portions of Los Angeles, Orange, and San Bernardino counties.
295.txt: All over the world hundreds of other authors have you know you know so so used the character, sometimes with great results -- for uh uh you know okay example, the Disney Studio artists that made comics directly for the European market.
2526.txt: Lee made his professional debut on the February 22nd I mean uh okay um 2003 against Philly San at at Cage Rage 2, Lee lost by TKO in the second round.
3022.txt: Pair 9400 - 9401 was stored at the Corona Yard well like like okay for preservation; however, the cars were never used and were scrapped on October 7, 2013.
453.txt: As such, it is rightly described as a common symptom, and well um um uh may even be the third most common trigger well so uh so to seek dental care, (after tooth decay and gum disease), showing that patients place great importance on it.
2467.txt: Knowing the consequences, Nibbles attempts to stop Jerry from so so um you know doing so, but Jerry just pats him on well I mean okay I mean the head again, then blows his noisemaker and the firecracker inside it explodes, giving him a blackface / sunflower appearance.
4917.txt: While working with the Lotus Advanced Technology Group in 1986, well I mean um okay Pito Salas invented a next - generation spreadsheet concept which was released by Lotus in 1989 as Lotus Improv.
2715.txt: Minute quantities of this pheromone can be used per okay I mean um I mean acre of land to confuse male insects about the uh uh I mean like location of their female partners, it can thus serve well you know uh so as a lure in traps to effectively remove insects without spraying crops with large amounts of pesticides.
4959.txt: Within two days, the communists called for a like well you know I mean truce; it was a shortlived Hmong Royalist military irregulars feigned an artillery so um you know well bombardment of Pathet Lao headquarters at Khang Khay and so okay well um PAVN headquarters at Ban Liang on 20 April as a distraction.
1701.txt: However, an interesting special case is a torque - free resultant okay so like I mean which it is useful both conceptually and practically, because so well you know so the body moves without rotating as if it was a particle.
2773.txt: Murphy was only 19 years old when he was like well you know you know awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions at you know well uh uh the Colmar Pocket and always maintained that his medals belonged to his entire military unit.
4763.txt: Two in Scotland, one in England and one well like okay uh in Wales, which is part of the military is wholly like you know you know like Govenment funded and has primary responsibility for aircraft crashes uh you know like you know on high ground, but also responds to civilian calls for assistance with hikers and climbers.
3951.txt: The church's interior is decorated with marble and a you know well well I mean staircase leads to a galleries section where the walls are adorned with inset frescoes and paintings.
3617.txt: The Afghan Whigs are an American rock band from okay you know you know I mean Cincinnati, Ohio, originally active from 1986 to 2001, who have since reformed.
4273.txt: The pineapple ( 'Ananas comosus' ) is a tropical plant with I mean uh like okay edible multiple fruit consisting of coalesced berries, and the most economically significant plant in the Bromeliaceae family.
3827.txt: The Science Olympiad Foundation (SOF) is an educational foundation so okay like okay and a non-profit organisation based in New Delhi, India which like you know well well promotes science, mathematics, introductory computer education and English language skills amongst school children in India.
1220.txt: Goldsmith was offended and disgruntled that most of his material was re-recorded and left the band shortly thereafter.
1741.txt: I'm an undergraduate student contemplating Physics with interests in Physics, Philosophy, Mathematics, Realism.
2730.txt: Moisei (Moishe) Grigorevich Rafes (b. 1883, d. 1942) was a well okay like um prominent Ukrainian Bundist and after 1919 an official of you know so okay I mean the Bolshevik Party until the victory of Stalin, when he was imprisoned.
3595.txt: The 1963 March on Washington was where Dr. Martin you know uh so like Luther King, Jr. Gave his 'I Have a Dream' speech, one of the most famous speeches in American history.
2989.txt: Orit Rozin is an Israeli scholar; she is a professor you know I mean well so of Jewish history at the University of Tel Aviv.
4158.txt: The line's complex and inspiring history is mirrored in its architectural like okay well well ensemble, particularly as it is one of the few places that so so I mean like it is possible to see the best of Soviet pre-war Art Deco architecture.
4384.txt: The song's lyrics and music was written by Boby uh you know uh well Burke and Horace Gerlach, and recorded by The Mills Brothers in 1950.
1574.txt: He would then awaken other passengers and manipulate those who well uh so so were also depicted with Pandorum to the hold where they fought to the death and practice cannibalism.
1302.txt: He beats the doctor by switching his brain I mean well um um. Then Jack goes to the Mayors courtyard to save the vampire brothers.
4078.txt: The fleur de lis in the lower left corner like so well I mean represents the lower right corner, a torch symbolizes striving so you know I mean um for excellence while the book in the upper uh um okay well right corner represents learning in the fullest sense.
3878.txt: The Washington DC Veterans Adminstration Medical Center has a ConferenceBike uh um I mean well that was donated by Eric Staller's father, that is used by employees and Veterans as recreational and fundraising events.
4006.txt: The document was signed on 7 December 1944 in Chicago, you know well I mean well IL and has since been revised seven times (in 1959, 1963, 1969, 1975, 1980, 1997, and 2000).
1960.txt: In June 2003, Apple Inc. Announced 'iChat AV', a I mean you know well you know new version of IChat, based on the industry - you know like so well standard Session Initiation Protocol (SIP) for video chat and audio chat.
311.txt: Also in 1979, the group made headlines when, for the okay uh okay you know first time, they rammed a whaling vessel, the notorious pirate whaling vessel 'Sierra'.
2768.txt: Multiple births are common and work well in commercial operations, so uh well so including programs where rams are specifically used to sire lambs for slaughter.
3417.txt: Since 2005, she has been chair of the Tate well you know you know um Members Council and became the first female Honorary Fellow of Jesus College in 2007.
1889.txt: In 2006, Slean teamed up with video director I mean you know so uh Nelson Chan ( 'Mary', 'Day One' ) to create well so um um a three part short film 'Tales of the Baroness'; the you know like uh okay first segment aired on 11 May 2007 on Bravo! .
2414.txt: Jung started her career as a VJ on Play TV um um you know like in 2008, while studying for her BBA, but then I mean okay you know you know moved to AAG TV in 2010 while her MBA.
76.txt: A glider, (also known as a sailplane) is a like uh like so airplane with no power source, which is towed uh you know uh uh into the air and then 'glides' back to the ground.
50.txt: A 2006 estimate by the International Organization for Migration I mean um so you know suggests that between 10, 000 and 25, 000 Sudanese so so um you know are living in London, whilst a fairly vague you know okay so I mean estimate of 3, 000 to 18, 000 has been placed in Brighton.
4214.txt: The new Decatur gym was necessary to house the so you know okay I mean crowds packing in to watch legendary coach Gay Kintner like like you know I mean chase his fourth state title at the helm so I mean you know I mean of the Stephen Decatur basketball team, having guided the team to state championships in 1931, 1936, and 1945.
4043.txt: The film has only 24 minutes, and is about well you know okay well a young boy, who dies and then his favourite math like okay you know uh teacher observes, that he hardly knew him, he was only an unknown number on a class roll book, a 'cipher'.
35.txt: 'The Lucky One' is the third single from American uh well you know you know country singer Faith Hill's album 'Fireflies' that was a Top 10 Country hit in 2006.
4596.txt: They rarely bathed, slept on concrete floors without blankets, and many were forced to defecate on the floor.
500.txt: At the time, many people did not know their actual birth records; although it is not certain what occurred in this case.
2241.txt: It is the third largest city in the Eastern Province, so like like you know after Kenema and Koidu Town and lies just over 215 miles east of the nation's capital Freetown.
1979.txt: In Roman time, here was the crossing of two majer roads, well uh I mean so a fortifcation is said to have been at the place of 'Schloss Prugg' (castle of Duke Harrach).
1682.txt: Hopton himself was temporarily blinded the next well so okay so day by an exploding ammunition cart, which also left the army very short of gunpowder.
3222.txt: Rumer Glenn Willis (born August 16, 1988) is an American so well I mean you know actress, singer and 'Dancing with the Stars' season 20 winner, um well I mean uh the oldest daughter of Bruce Willis and Demi Moore, and stepdaughter of Emma Heming.
2904.txt: On August 27, 1902, he married Miss Olive Knowles Hornbrook okay um well okay who helped him with his work, acting as a so I mean you know well skilled technician, and as an artist whose delicate watercolor drawings illustrated many of his scientific publications.
3506.txt: Stephanie is Belle's madame in series one: she was once a call girl like Belle herself.
1985.txt: In Sherwood Forest, the two find him tending to a well well like well sickly Maid Marian who is pregnant and ill. Belle like I mean uh so persuades Rumplestiltskin not to leave a child fatherless; the arrow purposely misses, leaving Robin Hood and Marian to flee.
207.txt: After attending Dartmouth College, he became associated with the Bishop like so I mean you know Museum and spent the next 60 years roaming the Pacific, seeking out Polynesian settlement sites, excavating relics, and photographing petroglyphs.
3286.txt: Self taught in aircraft design, Clayton built five I mean like uh you know aircraft at his family farm between 1916 and 1926, including a Henderson powered high - wing.
1435.txt: He made his debut as a half - um um um like time substitute for Luke Howell in a 2 -- 2 away well well so so draw with Exeter City on 8 March 2014 before being okay well um okay recalled by Cambridge United on 4 April, before his loan was due to end.
404.txt: Arriving at the coast the man goes to scavenge okay um I mean well what he can on a beached ship, leaving his uh um well like son to keep watch but the boy falls asleep and they are robbed of everything.
4209.txt: The name itself is a portmanteau of 'Gradius' and 'Parody' so you know I mean you know and, eponymously, the game is a parody of the 'Gradius' series of space - based horizontally - scrolling shooters.
4064.txt: The first edition of the dictionary was printed in 1940, but soon became out of print in 1958.
1407.txt: He is known for making a unique contribution to his family genealogy, uh so I mean uh through research into it's early origins, he claimed the title of Count.
3101.txt: Previously, he was the Financial Times 'U. S. Managing so um like like Editor and before that, Editor of the FT's Continental I mean uh you know so European edition (2000 - 2002), during which he briefed US President George W. Bush ahead of his first trip to Europe.
4110.txt: The hindwing is in the apical half of the cell so um well uh and short apically truncate streaks in the interspaces beyond like you know uh uh white; these broad streaks broad are divided only by the um um like like black veins, followed by a subterminal curved series of crimson lunules irrorated with black scales.
2897.txt: On April 28, 2016, Harris Publications ceased operations and its magazine brands and trademarks were acquired by Athlon Media.
82.txt: A hug is a form of physical intimacy, that usually involves you know like like like closing or holding the arms around the neck, back, well you know um uh or waist of another person; if more than two persons okay okay you know uh are involved, this is referred to as a group hug.
4566.txt: They are hospitalized for months, and therefore, they can not I mean um like uh continue their quest until Into The Gauntlet when they return and steal all of Bae Oh's clues.
1680.txt: Honey's natural sugars are dehydrated to prevent fermentation, so uh uh like with added enzymes to modify and transform their chemical okay well well um composition and pH. Invertases and s into honey by a um uh so okay process of regurgitation, a number of times, until it is partially digested.
2359.txt: Jeffrey Guy Campbell (born October 2, 1962) is a former well so you know you know water polo player who won a silver medal for I mean you know you know uh the United States at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.
3357.txt: She just merely detests driving into Halifax -- where her daughter you know um so um and nominator Janis lives; she breaks down entirely on like uh okay uh the highway, even going so far as to stop on the highway in place when she is confused.
4251.txt: The original Serph manipulated Sera and his team for well I mean like um his own ends while the original Heat attempted uh I mean so like to protect her: when Sera saw Serph killing Heat um I mean like uh while linked to the EGG, God felt her pain and attacked Earth.
902.txt: Dr. Jane Hodgson, a Minneapolis gynecologist, challenged the law, I mean like so you know and the Eighth Circuit had ruled that the like I mean like like state would be unconstitutional without a judicial bypass, but that the bypass provision saved it.
977.txt: EastWest Records wanted to showcase their new headline I mean um so uh signing and they announced the release of Octopus in a high profile publicity campaign.
3266.txt: Scenes and studies of savage life', which appeared in okay you know well I mean 188 A. D. In 187 B. C he wrote I mean like um well 'Education of the Rural Poor' which argued for the extension of elementary education to all, including agricultural laborers.
4074.txt: The first truly native Neolithic culture was the Funnelbeaker culture um okay well uh named after the shape of their typical clay vessels, which developed starting around 4400 BC and lasted some two thousand years.
4727.txt: Today there is little to no information regarding possibly one you know um uh uh of the greatest taxidermy firms in the world, apart from so well um well P. A. Morris' studies, the Van Ingen factory in Mysore, India lies derelict overgrown by the local jungle.
2225.txt: It is made of grated coconut, rice and jaggery, and cooked by so okay well um wrapping and steaming in turmeric leaves. Konkani people prepare patolyos well well um um on the second Sunday of Shravan, on Nag Panchami and on Hartalika, the eve of Ganesh Chaturthi.
664.txt: By 1295 CE Lohr had grown in size and importance and had become center of the County Rieneck.
823.txt: Dagný Brynjarsdóttir (born 10 August 1991) is an uh well um I mean Icelandic footballer who plays for the Portland Thorns FC and the Iceland national team.
4933.txt: Williams was born in Lansdowne, Cape Town, South Africa well um well well and grew up in Mitchells Plain, the coloured township established under apartheid.
525.txt: Bartlett Laffey (1841 - March 22, 1901) born in Ireland, um like okay like he enlisted in the United States Navy 17 March 1862 and was assigned to stern wheel gunboat 'Marmora'.
1709.txt: However, here she's said to have three kids, two I mean okay I mean okay cats and a mortgage making it inconsistent with Lucy's later um okay well I mean appearance, in the Supergirl movie, where she's still a teenager.
2103.txt: In the pool house, Ryan asks Marissa what she uh um so um wants to do for Valentine's, which is tomorrow... But Marissa can't plan that far ahead.
108.txt: A remake of the 1922 Paramount silent film you know well I mean well 'Ebb Tide', it was filmed again in 1947 as 'Adventure Island', produced by William H. Pine.
410.txt: Artist friends followed him, including painter and illustrator Maxfield I mean so well you know Parrish, who designed and built his estate, the Oaks, in um I mean you know you know the area, and the surrounding area became the center of the popular Cornish Art Colony.
24.txt: 'Massive Attack' is a song by Trinidadian recording artist Nicki well uh I mean you know Minaj and American singer - songwriter Sean Garrett, for Minaj's debut album 'Pink Friday'.
3615.txt: The Act was repealed in 1962, but by I mean uh I mean you know this time, much of the language and traditions you know I mean like you know had been either corrupted or lost, but a few kaumatua and so uh well okay kuia (elders) continued to orally communicate their knowledge through the generations.
1767.txt: In 'Chapterhouse Dune' (1985), Suipol is an acolyte chosen to I mean you know um uh serve and accompany Odrade on her voyage with Tamalane and I mean well so I mean Dortujla to meet the Great Honored Matre Dama well I mean okay I mean on Junction, as Miles Teg leads a force to attack Gammu.
3140.txt: Raheem Morris (born September 3, 1976) is the okay okay well well former head coach and defensive coordinator for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the National Football League.
4285.txt: The poor soils of New Caledonia promote a I mean uh okay uh restriction in large ground - dwelling prey, so Mekosuchus had specialized back teeth for cracking mollusk shells.
4528.txt: There is no clear evidence of other adverse effects from um uh okay so water fluoridation because studies on adverse effects have been mostly of low quality.
1444.txt: He moved out of his parents' house, dropped out of high like so so I mean school, and began working as a gas station attendant; you know well you know okay he also gained a lot of weight, at one point weighing 275 pounds.
4690.txt: Three days later, the monk Hyo - Jeon asked for I mean well okay okay follow - up action to the president of the college so like well well but Ilbe user didn't apologize his crime and kept insulting her.
3103.txt: Previously, there were two ferry crossings of Salhusfjorden, From 7 July 1936, a ferry service ran between Isdalstø and Steinestø.
854.txt: Designed by Ken Shuttleworth of MAKE Architects, it contains like well so well 135 flats, of offices, shops, a hotel and a 'skyline' restaurant it is the final phase of The Mailbox development.
1691.txt: However, Francine and Hayley suddenly break out in laughter and like okay you know okay express complete amusement by the whole state of affairs, though I mean uh so well they also let Klaus know that they want the switch to be short - lived.
2302.txt: It was released as a Digital Download on 3 June so you know uh like 2010 and was released as the third and final single uh well um um from 'Sigh No More' in the United States on 7 June 2011.
3974.txt: The company was founded in 1859 by James Greaves like you know um you know and George Cotton and incorporated in 1922 as a private limited company.
777.txt: Clubs of Spain have won the UEFA Champions League um okay I mean I mean a record of 13 times and they are second overall with like you know like okay 45 titles, including nine UEFA Super Cups, a record shared with the Italian clubs.
3967.txt: The comic was available through newsagents between 1983 and 1986, I mean so I mean you know lasting seven issues, and it filled an um like well okay important role at the time, giving new creators a so like okay I mean chance to develop their skills and established artists a new platform for their talents.
1626.txt: His duets and collaborations both on stage and in well well so well the studio with other artists have been extensive and he okay uh uh like has worked with the likes of Brigitte Fontaine, Chris Isaak, I mean like I mean I mean Marianne Faithfull, Elli Medeiros, Astrud Gilberto, Vanessa Daou, the Swingle Singers, and more.
4091.txt: The former was one of the 48 constellations listed uh like okay um by the 2nd century astronomer Ptolemy, while the latter was I mean well like I mean first depicted as Triangulus Antarcticus by Petrus Plancius in 1589.
1119.txt: Former daughter in law of Filip Hristić, Artemiza Hristić (née like okay I mean uh Joanides), was the mother of son of King Milan well um I mean uh Obrenović, George, who born out of wedlock and was adopted by Count Ziči.
2469.txt: Known as 'News 25 at Nine on My you know okay uh uh 59', the show can be seen for thirty minutes okay like um well and competes with another half - hour production airing at like um well well the same time on WYZZ (produced by CBS affiliate WMBD - TV).
1073.txt: Firstly there are two scenes devoted to Jesus' baptism, that um you know you know I mean in the nativity scene the statue of the baby Jesus well I mean okay uh shows him standing and there are three crosses so well well you know depicted with those bearing the two robbers being a part of the composition.
2755.txt: Most species are relatively large (typically at I mean you know so okay least) with some of the largest, such as 'Lethocerus', exceeding, you know okay um um and nearly reaching the dimensions (length and mass) of some of the larger beetles in the world.
1858.txt: In 1994 the Natural Heritage Trust of Henderson County was uh uh okay um formed and a year later it was renamed the um uh I mean uh Carolina Mountain Land Conservancy and has expanded its area like uh um um of focus to include Transylvania and parts of Buncombe, Rutherford, Polk and Jackson Counties.
4519.txt: There is a St Kentigern's school and church in Blackpool, well you know like um while in the Lake District village of Caldbeck there is a church and a well named after him.
2167.txt: It can also mean a range of vocational and okay uh um well academic courses which can be taken at various so uh I mean so academic and vocational levels from a subject discipline, Health and uh you know you know like Social Care combines elements of sociology, biology, nutrition, law, and ethics.
1890.txt: In 2006, he and the Cavaliers negotiated a three well uh well uh - year, $ 60 million contract extension instead of the you know I mean I mean like four year maximum as it allotted him the option uh so I mean um of seeking a new contract worth more money as an unrestricted free agent following the 2010 season.
2110.txt: In the summer of 1299, the Mongol army under so like I mean um the leadership of Ghazan, a descendant of Genghis Khan, had again like okay okay so been successful in briefly capturing Syria from the you know you know um well Mamluks at the Battle of Wadi al - Khazandar, on December 23 or 24, 1299.
4708.txt: To achieve this, Pelli employed cultural and architectural themes of the um I mean like I mean city, including Native American, art deco, and contemporary styles, making heavy well okay so I mean use of swirling circular elements in the exterior and interior designs of the building.
4132.txt: The instrument was owned by several, unknown bass um you know um well players and would have been lost when it nearly like so like well met its end in the 1830s as it sat backstage in a marionette theater in Milan.
3484.txt: Southfort is an unincorporated community in DeSoto County, Florida, so so like well United States, located approximately south of Fort Ogden on U. S. Route 17.
513.txt: Australian Football is the official name for Australian rules okay I mean you know okay football, the code of football played in the Australian Football League (AFL).
1469.txt: He received his Masters in Planning from the University of okay okay like um Southern California in 1948, established his golf course architecture I mean you know I mean well practice in 1954, and continued working there for over fifty years.
1064.txt: Fernandes' parents immigrated Britain in the 1960s from Kenya um like I mean okay and Mauritius, her mother was a nurse and um uh like well local councillor and her father worked for a housing association.
415.txt: As Chinese students believe that American credentials can expand their like you know okay you know career opportunities these students expect that a degree from uh I mean you know um a prestigious college in the United States will well well well uh give them an edge over others in searching for a job.
3433.txt: Since then, most neptunium has been and is okay I mean like you know still produced by neutron irradiation of uranium in nuclear so well um I mean reactors and the vast majority is generated as a by - product in conventional nuclear power reactors.
3648.txt: The British Royal Navy took her into service as HMS 'Rolla' well uh I mean well and she served in Sir Home Riggs Popham's attack on Buenos Aires.
3586.txt: The 'Lady of Mann' was an exceedingly popular ship; when well I mean um so she came to be broken up enthusiasts wrote from all parts of Britain hoping to get souvenirs from her.
559.txt: Benedict International Education Group, Inc. Was formed in 1928 uh you know so well by Dr. Gaston Bénédict, a linguist and previous Professor at um so okay like the University of Southern California, established his first school in Lausanne, Switzerland.
2037.txt: In its early stages, it can go unnoticed and painless with slight physical changes.
2978.txt: Operation Deep Water was a 1957 NATO naval exercise held in okay like you know well the Mediterranean Sea that also involved the first units of you know I mean so like the United States Marines Corps to participated in a helicopter - borne vertical envelopment operation during an overseas deployment.
2071.txt: In the 2007 film 'Ghost Rider', directed by Mark Steven um okay you know uh Johnson and starring Nicolas Cage as Johnny Blaze / Ghost Rider, Blackheart like uh like so is portrayed by Wes Bentley as the main antagonist, alongside his father Mephisto (portrayed by Peter Fonda).
4938.txt: Winston Raymond Peters (born 11 April 1945) is a New so I mean I mean you know Zealand politician and leader of the populist New Zealand First uh well like like party which he founded in 1993, and served as you know um like I mean the 13th deputy prime minister of New Zealand from 1996 to 1998.
3772.txt: The MCC were now 39/2, but Cowdrey came in and made the highest um uh so um score of his career, his 307 beating Frank like okay you know like Woolley's 305 not out against Tasmania in 1911 - 12 as the highest score by a tourist in Australia.
4715.txt: To the north of the statue was the okay uh um you know location of the bandstand demolished during the second world war, and as well um well so part of the park refurbishment the bandstand was rebuilt -- but on a larger scale.
3713.txt: The G. I. Loan responsible for building the caliph's palace, I mean like okay um fits another stereotype: that of Muslim men deriving their power through the support of the Western world.
687.txt: Caligiuri's 2006 state senate victory was a rare bright uh you know like you know spot for Connecticut's Republicans as the departing incumbent from the okay um I mean you know 16th District, Democrat Chris Murphy, ousted incumbent Republican Congresswoman Nancy Johnson.
478.txt: At first, Gary doesn't believe him, but he soon realizes that the man is actually the devil.
2000.txt: In all the project would cost between $ 75 million you know like so uh and $ 90 million, making it the largest current apartment development project in Greater South Baltimore.
228.txt: After leaving the Black Panther Party for Self - you know well so um Defense and raising her daughter Erika, Brown worked um um so like on her memoirs, A Taste of Power, and um like uh you know eventually returned to the struggle for black liberation, especially espousing the need for radical prison reform.
657.txt: But most of them speak the local Oromo, Harari um um I mean okay or Somali languages. In Ethiopia, they are Usually known as Qallu.
2464.txt: Klein Bonaire, the small island in the sheltered lee of like um like you know the Bonaire, has the same geological history, and you know so okay well while Bonaire at least has some hills, Klein Bonaire's surface well you know uh okay is pretty much level, just a few feet above high tide.
2445.txt: Keys gave birth to her second child, a son, on like uh uh you know December 27, 2014, and Keys performed at the BET Awards 2015 with The Weeknd.
2735.txt: Monks from Harnham regularly visit meditation groups in the uh uh like you know North East of England and Scotland, in addition to a um well so like lot of non-Buddhist groups and individual visitors, including school I mean like okay I mean and university groups, are coming to the monastery to learn about Buddhism.
1842.txt: In 1980, he founded the music group Einstürzende Neubauten um like like uh ( 'Collapsing New Buildings' ); the first album he owned was by Pink Floyd.
3956.txt: The city was founded in the early 20th century, well so okay like and since the 1980s has been continually enlarged by Egyptian and I mean so I mean well foreign investors to become the leading seashore resort on the Red Sea.
543.txt: Because of poor transportation connections with the rest of so um uh well Oregon, the early economic orientation of Lake County was toward California: uh uh I mean I mean both the 'San Francisco Chronicle' and the 'San Francisco like um so okay Examiner' arrived in Lakeview daily, often before the 'The Oregonian'.
2670.txt: Meanwhile, Glorificus, a hell - goddess who was exiled from her okay um so um dimension after a war, has been freed from her human form, known as Ben.
3787.txt: The Museum of Croydon is a museum located inside the Croydon Clocktower arts facility in Central Croydon, London, England.
4117.txt: The idea behind the high class health care institution in like I mean like okay Pakistan was conceived in New York, USA in the so like like well mid of 1985. After consistent discussions and meet ups, well so uh well the present site in the capital city of Islamabad was selected for this project.
3205.txt: Roland the Farter was a medieval flatulist who held Hemingstone manor okay okay um you know in Suffolk and 30 acres of land in return for performing as a jester for the king.
4276.txt: The plantation also had a 24 foot, one room I mean okay okay you know business office with several windows and a fireplace used by uh you know well okay Dr. This also served as a hospital for the sick and wounded Confederate soldiers.
386.txt: Another similar archway with similar architecture was built in Ta' um well like well Xbiex, also back then part of Sliema, by the like okay you know well same Testaferrata family but was demolished in 1989 and the so like like so exact location it stood is unknown but was in the parameters of Brockdorff Street.
3704.txt: The Eustis Lake Region was first published on October 23, so uh like okay 1884, starting out as a weekly newspaper, after the paper okay so you know like was acquired by Ansil Daniel Miller joined the Associated News Service it became a daily.
74.txt: A former U. S. Senate Aide, Rooney currently teaches like you know you know well at DePaul University, and lives in Chicago with her husband, the writer Martin Seay.
400.txt: Armfelt wrote to Rudenschöld, who wanted him back as her lover, so okay uh I mean and used her as a messenger, asking her to I mean like uh okay make contact with his followers, the young King and with the Russian embassy.
3282.txt: Sections of the press thought he should remain like like uh okay England captain, but he was replaced as Test captain by Jardine, um uh okay okay who was not a popular choice; the selectors chose Jardine you know uh I mean like to exercise more discipline on the team than Chapman had done.
1629.txt: His father, a former semi-pro soccer player, is you know you know like so from Haiti whilst his mother is of Greek heritage through like uh like well her grandfather Louis, who immigrated to the U. S. From Agia Sotira, Greece in 1949.
4427.txt: The term is used more and more in the feed like so okay you know industry where it refers to a healthy balance of the micro-flora in the gastrointestinal tract.
3170.txt: Resiliency is distinguished from recovery as the 'ability to okay okay uh okay maintain a stable equilibrium' which is conducive to balance, harmony, and recovery.
4953.txt: With the war with france looming Truxtun was appointed captain so uh like like in the newly formed U. S. Navy in 1794, and I mean um I mean uh during the Quasi-War with France was in command of the USS 'Constellation'.
2494.txt: Lamballe (, Gallo: 'Lanball' ) is a town and um you know uh uh commune of north - western France, in the 'département' uh you know you know like of Côtes - d'Armor, on the Gouessant 13 miles ESE of Saint - Brieuc by rail.
3570.txt: Tell al - Rimah is located in Nineveh Province (Iraq), roughly west of Mosul and ancient Nineveh in the Sinjar region.
3868.txt: The University of Kansas Medical Center features three schools: the I mean so like um School of Medicine, School of Nursing, and School of Health Professions that each has its own programs of graduate study.
2550.txt: Like other Farnese family building projects, the palace imposes its uh I mean uh so presence on its surroundings in an expression of the well well okay um family's power and wealth and his Villa Farnese at Caprarola has a similar presence.
2208.txt: It is based on the comic book character of okay okay uh I mean the same title created by Len Wein and Carmine Infantino, which will premier on Fox on January 17, 2010.
4659.txt: This type of structure is common in econometric models. It can be also carried out with the Durbin Watson test.
3432.txt: Since their pioneering use by Lotte Reiniger in silent films, well like so well silhouettes have been used to dramatic effect in many you know uh like well movies, including many of the opening credit sequences of the James Bond films.
626.txt: Both the construction sector along with the wholesale and retail you know so so I mean trade sector have 13 % of the population working within uh okay okay well each which, so these three industries account for a high proportion of Great Bolas' employment structure.
2763.txt: Mr. Parsons, his wife Gloria, and his son Roger well so um um were all aboard the balloon; the two adults died when so so so okay the balloon crashed in a sparsely - populated area of the Western United States, while the baby miraculously survived.
3610.txt: The 22 room Edwardian residence was designed by Charles you know I mean uh well Tilleard Natusch and built by Russell and Bignell in 1906 like uh like I mean at a cost of £ 4, 566 for G. Frank Moore, a cattle and racehorse breeder.
2107.txt: In the sixth issue, Batman uses a gun loaded with a uh okay so um special 'god - killing' bullet (the kind that okay um like uh was used to kill Orion) to slay Darkseid, well well so well whether or not the bullet killed Turpin or just the Darkseid entity remains to be seen.
330.txt: Although she had an affair with art dealer like um uh uh Heinz Berggruen whom she met in the city, she I mean um okay uh and Rivera reconciled and re-married in a simple civil ceremony on December 8, 1940.
529.txt: Bash is a Unix shell written by Brian Fox for the GNU Project.
2497.txt: Larry's father, Joe (Dan Hedaya), sees Suzanne lying about you know you know I mean I mean Larry on television, is enraged, and uses his Mafia connections to have her murdered.
4343.txt: The screenplay by Don Ettlinger and Karl Tunberg is loosely um um okay I mean based on Kate Douglas Wiggin's 'Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm' and well you know okay you know tells the story of a talented orphan's trials and tribulations after winning a radio audition to represent a breakfast cereal.
815.txt: Current Super Graduate Champion is Trevor Newman, also Caterham Academy well um so so Group 1 Champion in 2005, and runner up in Super Graduates in 2006 and Classic Graduates in 2007.
2580.txt: Lucifer's Call', is a post-apocalyptic role - playing video okay well so um game for the PlayStation 2 developed by Atlus, published by Atlus I mean so um so in Japan and North American, and by Ghostlight in Europe.
2766.txt: Mt Laguna is a small town east of San Diego um you know okay uh located on Laguna Mountain and is located in the middle of Cleveland National Forest.
2534.txt: Lester Jenkins is the husband of Mary Jenkins and father of um like uh you know Brenda Jenkins, and the entire Jenkins' clan lives in a you know I mean okay well Washington, D. C. Apartment building, although it was not confirmed in the entire series run.
3109.txt: Prior to the start of the 2009 season okay um um uh with the Bayhawks, Hubbard suffered a back injury and was unable um like uh okay to play the 2009 season and has not played in the MLL since.
1942.txt: In February 1944, the 2/48th was withdrawn back to Australia along with like so like you know the 9th Division, landing in Brisbane on 20 February, making um okay okay I mean camp at Kalinga before personnel marched out for a long period of home leave.
2956.txt: Once they reach the fountain, Koura's youth is restored so okay okay okay and he becomes invisible ( the 'cloak of darkness' ).
151.txt: According to Jonathan Balcombe, Sherwin challenged the traditional view of the insect well like well um as a 'spineless, pre-programmed automaton', suggesting that insects had so you know like so preferences, habits, and memories, and could experience 'negative mental states'.
948.txt: During the Western Han Dynasty (206 - 24 B uh you know like uh. C.) Emporer Jing established an administration in Dangyang on um like okay well an areas of 2000 square km. In 1988 the State Council elevated this from a county to a municipality.
4886.txt: When she found out that Namor was in I mean you know uh like love with Susan Storm, she tried to kill her, you know well uh you know but Namor saved her and took her to a hospital.
3575.txt: Thai amulets is a kind of Thai Buddhist blessed I mean okay well uh items, which is originated, used for raising fund in order to help donate to the temple producing the amulets.
4347.txt: The season marks the debut of Arnold Schwarzenegger -- well I mean well uh actor and former Governor of California as host; you know okay okay um the show's former host, Donald Trump, stated he opted to um I mean so well leave 'out of respect' while he was focusing on his presidential campaign.
4532.txt: There they met up with Captain Archibald Gillespie of like so like um the U. S. Marines, who had recently been driven out like I mean you know okay of Los Angeles, brought a message from Stockton and along so well well um with his small force of 36 men and a small howitzer.
704.txt: Carnaval music is often a song written especially for the occasion and is easy to dance to.
4649.txt: This runestone was carved by runemaster Öpir, who was okay I mean you know okay active in the late 11th and early 12th centuries, so okay I mean uh and is classified as being in runestone style Pr4, also known as late Urnes style.
2765.txt: Mrs. August Belmont, as she thereafter was known, joined okay uh so well the Metropolitan Opera's Board of Directors in 1933, founded the well so um well Metropolitan Opera Guild in 1935 and the National Council of the Metropolitan Opera in 1952.
4137.txt: The island has working coast artillery guns on it but well so you know well unbeknowst to the authorities, the convicts can not you know I mean like um access the shells that are locked away in the fort.
3457.txt: Some, such as Heathrow Airport in the United Kingdom, are okay I mean like so very large; others such as Fa'a'ā International Airport in Tahiti, are quite small.
4930.txt: William Henry Miles (1828 - 1892) was so well uh I mean a founder and the first senior bishop of so you know you know so the Colored Methodist Episcopal Church in America, a Methodist okay um I mean okay denomination formed in 1870 to serve African American Methodists in the American South.
1320.txt: He converted to Christianity from Islam in 1998 and took the name Beshoy after an Egyptian monk.
4625.txt: This election also saw the decrease in the number of so you know okay uh seats controlled by the centre - right opposition bloc; it shrank from 133 to 111 deputies.
3213.txt: Roses are a favored subject in art and appear in portraits, illustrations, on stamps, as ornaments or as architectural elements.
971.txt: Each retirement village has a centrepiece building containing okay um I mean well the Audley Club, housing facilities such as treatment rooms, swimming well so uh you know pool and relaxation areas, a restaurant and bar bistro, library and lounge.
1274.txt: Hannah applies make - up to Melissa, who being uh like like uh so weak can't open the lip gloss; in a montage okay you know so you know of clips showing the wires, drips, Melissa's bones sticking out, uh um uh like etc. , and Hannah's family looking for answers back at her home.
3195.txt: Robert Muse Bass is an American billionaire worth approximately $ 5. 5 billion as of 2007.
528.txt: Bartram was released from his contact and was replaced by you know um um uh Lockie, and his team started the 1960 -- 61 season like I mean so um well and were in the top four by mid November 1960.
761.txt: Claiford A. Arao, also known as Ford Arao, is a like like like I mean Filipino professional basketball player who currently plays for the SCTEX Road Warriors of the Pilipinas Commercial Basketball League.
4475.txt: The word 'Burdock' was collected as a geographic place name between well like I mean like 1976 and 1981 and assigned a GNIS code befitting a non-census - designated and non-incorporated place.
654.txt: But He was not awarded as Best Actor of the year so you know uh uh for this film due to favoritism by Nigar Award Jury.
1158.txt: From the 1880s until 1915 up to 2 million Jews okay uh like well left Eastern Europe which at the time about three quarters of its Jewish population lived in a shtetl.
275.txt: Agriculture is the main income source. We depend mostly on ground Water.
3189.txt: Riverview is a hamlet in central Alberta in St like so I mean uh. Paul County, located east of Highway 41, northwest of Lloydminster.
2422.txt: Kaikeyi, who was acting as Dasaratha's charioteer quickly well so well well drove the chariot away from the battle field and nursed the wounded King back to health.
27.txt: 'Oxford Dictionary of National Biography;' Abraham, Sir Edward uh like well you know Penley 'Shortly after the team published its first results okay uh okay um in 1940, Fleming telephoned Howard Florey, Chain's head of you know um well uh department, to say that he would be visiting within the next few days.
647.txt: Burckle Crater is likely very large scale comet or meteorite okay well you know I mean impact event located in between or to like like uh uh the east of Madagascar and west of Western Australia in the southern Indian ocean.
2032.txt: In his paper, Smith describes the technique of induced like I mean I mean I mean values, the method used in controlled laboratory experiments in economics, political science, and psychology.
1619.txt: His 'Occasional Issues of Unique and Very Rare Books' (1875 - 1881) included among other things the 'Annalia Dubrensia' of Robert Dover.
1801.txt: In 1915, he graduated from Lincoln University located okay like well like in Pennsylvania with a Bachelor's degree, Guthrie, R. V. (1998).
1541.txt: He was eighteen years old when his father died, well I mean uh you know and so a regency was appointed that ruled in his name for the next nine years.
2938.txt: On leaving school he was apprenticed to learn book so okay um like - keeping, conveyancing and practical farming, but soon disgraced himself and was sent to Amsterdam to work in a merchant's office.
4099.txt: The generic name refers to Xuanhan County in Sichuan, I mean uh well well while the specific name is derived from the town of Qilixia.
2267.txt: It was Fox who bought and provided land and like like I mean okay the cemetery although it is now officially called like okay uh so 'St Mary's Rest Garden 'is is still known locally as' Foxes Close'.
1347.txt: He graduated from Cassopolis High School, Cassopolis, Michigan in 1964 like okay you know um and entered Michigan State University, where he was editor - in - chief of campus daily newspaper 'The State News'.
3804.txt: The Palace of Seyid Mirbabayev is a palace owned by okay I mean so uh Seyid Mirbabayev, who lives in Baku, Azneft Square, well so you know um Niyazi Street 1 and is one of the oil millionaires of Azerbaijan.
3097.txt: Power door locks were introduced on the luxury Packard in uh uh so uh 1956; nearly every car model offers this feature as at least optional equipment.
4193.txt: The metal is extracted from its principal mineral ores you know uh um I mean by the Kroll and Hunter process es. The most you know I mean uh well common compound, titanium dioxide, is a popular photocatalyst and is used in the manufacture of white pigments.
2657.txt: Mason sees his chance to escape custody and disarms okay um well uh Goodspeed, but Goodspeed convinces him to help defuse the rockets, since Mason's daughter is also at risk from them.
390.txt: Antony Barrington Brown FRPS (13 July 1927 -- 24 January like you know um you know 2012) was a designer, photographer, and explorer, a Fellow of the Royal Photographic Society.
2868.txt: Omar reminds Bunk that he helped him well well you know okay by finding a police service weapon for him yet Bunk remains skeptical of Omar's claims of innocence.
3123.txt: Ps. Plutarchos, strom. 2, fr. 179 Sandbach The well um I mean I mean first animals were born in the water, by the influence I mean so uh like of the sun. Aetios V 19, 4 The human being okay I mean I mean well was supposed by Anaximander to have sprung from some other animal, like you know I mean okay which at the beginning was similar to a fish.
4964.txt: Wooster married the daughter of Thomas Cap, president of Yale College (David 1).
1730.txt: However the other famous church is the protest church named okay well you know okay 'Iglesia de Piedra' (Church of Stone) because of its uh okay okay I mean design, the whole church is made completely out of stone.
4279.txt: The play began its Broadway premiere at the Gerald Schoenfeld well I mean you know well Theatre on August 28, 2014 (in previews) and officially on October um okay like I mean 9, 2014 in a limited 18 - week engagement, through January 4, 2015.
3382.txt: She was appointed Reader in AMU in 1964 the Department so um um you know of English and continued there, in 1983 became a Professor of English, and retired in 1988.
3092.txt: Potassium carbonate, Potassium sulfate, Potassium sulfide, Sulfur, Potassium nitrate, like like okay I mean Potassium thiocyanate, Carbon, Ammonium carbonatefgeq, Hydrogen, Methane, 1. 11 % water.
3925.txt: The boat is close hauled, with the sail set like um okay uh at, for example, 15 ° relative to the apparent okay uh okay you know wind, the effect of depression on the leeward side comes into play.
4607.txt: This Curation Toolbar is available to editors for any page like okay like well listed in the, and can be used as well as or instead of it.
335.txt: Alunogen also called feather alum and hair salt like well uh you know is a colourless to white (although often coloured by impurities, like well like okay uh iron substituting for aluminum) fibrous to needle - like uh uh uh like aluminium sulfate mineral often found on the walls of mines and quarries as secondary mineral.
2317.txt: Its first parade was held May 5, 1868, and the you know uh okay um town has held it every year since; however, I mean so I mean uh the Memorial Day parade in Doylestown, Pennsylvania, predates Ironton's by one year.
3193.txt: Robert G. Hoyland, Arabia and the Arabs p. 55 A like okay so uh reportedly cruel ruler; he had great pride of himself um uh okay so and used to burn whoever opposes him with fire, I mean I mean I mean I mean he was assassinated in 569 or 570 by the poet' Amr ibn Kulthum.
1162.txt: Fungi, such as 'Coccidioides immitis', also possess degradative chitinases related um well so uh to their role as detritivores and also to their potential as arthropod pathogens.
4327.txt: The river begins as the Agra Oya, in the Horton Plains okay like I mean uh in the Central Highlands which have an annual rainfall of between 125 and 200 inches a year.
1900.txt: In 2009, the hiring of two independent organizations okay so um uh reviewed BART's policies and procedures in the process of overseeing the BART I mean you know like um Police which investigated the matters of BART Police Shooting of Oscar Grant.
1879.txt: In 2002, they were named the top 'One Life to Live' like uh okay well all - time romantic couple by magazine 'Soaps In Depth', and are one of the most avidly watched supercouples.
2155.txt: Islam began in Asia in the 7th century okay uh you know well during the life of its prophet Muhammad (SallaAllaho Allayhi I mean like okay okay Wasalaam) number of adherents of Islam has lived uh uh uh uh in Asia and specially South and Middle - east Asia since the beginning of Islamic history.
4504.txt: There are dozens puzzles to solve that open approximately 50 like so so I mean locked doors, all are needed to find a way off the island.
3564.txt: Taylor Henderson, the runner - up of the fifth series okay um well okay of 'The X Factor Australia', covered it in you know so like so his debut self - titled album through Sony Music Australia on 29 November 2013.
1570.txt: He won the silver medal in the high jump behind Irving I mean okay I mean I mean Baxter of the United States, and the bronze medal in you know like so well the long jump behind Alvin Kraenzlein and Myer I mean um um you know Prinstein, he also finished fourth place in the triple jumps behind Prinstein, James Connolly and Lewis Sheldon.
4363.txt: The ship was driven ashore at Gibraltar whilst on a voyage from London to Malta.
3136.txt: Race Struggles edited by Theodore Koditschek, Sundiata Keita Cha - Jua, well okay I mean um Helen A. Neville Page 211 - 226 The Committee for well well uh I mean the Protection of the Foreign Born aided in securing the you know so I mean you know right of a number of Japanese Communist deportees to be sent to the Soviet Union.
2246.txt: It is tied for the 9th longest streak in Division so I mean uh I mean 1 College Football History; only 13 other teams have won more straight games.
1751.txt: If 1950 DA continues on its present orbit, it may well like so like approach Earth on March 16, 2880, though the mean uh so you know well trajectory passes many millions of kilometers from Earth, so 1950 DA does not have a significant chance of impacting Earth.
4693.txt: Through all these changes, the characters have remained popular; the books okay um like so sell more than a million copies annually, several okay like like you know new volumes are published each year, and the boys' adventures have been translated into more than 25 languages.
884.txt: Do you know what it means not to know what okay okay um well to do? ' Graham was ultimately convicted you know well well so while the informant was immediately released from jail and her sentence commuted to time served.
4615.txt: This began a pattern of speculative ventures that he um um uh okay ran alongside regular employment which he later described as 'drifting into theatrical work'.
3567.txt: Tecpán is sometimes called the 'first' capital because it was the I mean uh so um first permanent Spanish military center, but the Spaniards um like so well soon abandoned it due to Kaqchikel attacks that made defense of the city untenable.
4858.txt: We discussed the issues on the talk pages first, tried BRD, so okay um okay and another editor attempted a partial rollback, and an uh uh like so RfC, then when that didn't work, we worked on like well like okay draft material in my user space for use in other possible future actions.
1034.txt: Everyone watches a television showing a high - speed so um like uh chase approaching the Burbank, California shopping center, which so I mean okay I mean ultimately ends with the fugitive crashing his car through the Buy More front doors.
3696.txt: The Dunnville Terriers are a Junior 'C' team based in Dunnville, Ontario, playing in the Niagara Junior C Hockey League.
4452.txt: The units facing either south or west have terraces or I mean like um um balconies overlooking grasses and trees on the condo's lower green roof.
4097.txt: The games sold over 60, 000 copies by February, but by April the games sold over 100, 000 copies.
817.txt: Currently, Ms. Fier is a writer / producer for FM I mean you know so like Productions and lives with her husband and two children in suburban New York.
1625.txt: His daughter Martha married George Corson (1803 - 1860) in 1832, uh I mean um so and following Maulsby's death, the couple purchased the farm and quarry from his estate in 1839.
3023.txt: Palladio Film is an International production company based I mean so I mean well in Cologne and London that specializes in feature films and documentaries.
178.txt: Adjacent to Lanikai Beach is a primarily upper I mean like uh um - class residential area, becasue of this it is only accessible through public access paths.
3249.txt: Samantha Bond (born 27 November 1961) is an English um you know you know like actress, best known for her role as Miss Moneypenny in the James Bond films during the Pierce Brosnan years.
1166.txt: G - Star's flagship store is located in New York okay uh um uh City, United States; however, the brand is far more famous um you know uh okay in the Netherlands, Germany, the United Kingdom, Spain, and other European countries.
1793.txt: In 1893 he took his family with him to the okay um you know um mines at Burjassot near Valencia, returning the next year you know so so uh to Madrid to help Juana Nessi, whose husband had just died.
3954.txt: The city is the site of Abu Ghraib prison which was so uh uh uh the site of abuse and executions of political dissidents under so like you know like Saddam Hussein and the torture and abuse of prisoners by like you know um um members of the United States Army Reserve in 2003 during the US occupation of Iraq.
463.txt: As translated into English, 'Tishbite' is the demonym for well um um like Tishbe: the demonym is predicated of the prophet to denote that his residence or possibly his birthplace was Tishbe.
3269.txt: Scott Halberstadt (born on August 17, 1976 in Connersville, so well you know I mean Indiana) is an American actor who is perhaps best known for uh uh I mean so his recurring role as Eric on the hit Nickelodeon series 'Drake & Josh'.
4245.txt: The organisation was established as the Interior Decorators and Designers um I mean you know uh Association in 1966 and after merging with the uh I mean like like International Interior Design Association (UK Chapter) it became the British Institute of Interior Design.
4239.txt: The opening of the new arena was attended you know you know you know you know by over 17, 000 people, who paid up to um okay uh I mean $ 50 for tickets to the event, including J. P. Morgan, the Pierponts, the Whitneys and General William Tecumseh Sherman.
3039.txt: Pascal Lochard (born September 17, 1990) is a Canadian okay so well like football running back for the Ottawa Redblacks of the Canadian Football League (CFL).
3220.txt: Roz Ryan (born July 7, 1951) is an American actress, singer and comedian.
1480.txt: He returned to operations on 25 March 1945, claiming 26 uh you know well like more tanks destroyed before the end of the war.
1929.txt: In Australia, men's rights discourse has influenced government so I mean I mean you know policy documents; less impact has been noted in you know I mean I mean well the United Kingdom, where feminists have historically had less influence on educational policy.
721.txt: Ceran St. Vrain (May 5, 1802 -- October 28, you know so I mean I mean 1870), also known as Ceran de Hault de Lassus de uh well so so St. Vrain, was a major fur trader near Taos, New um you know uh um Mexico, where he and his partner William Bent built Bent's Fort.
2654.txt: Marxism is a form of fascism, i. E. A well well I mean I mean doctrine which originates in the degradation of like so okay uh the individual whose elimination is considered as legitimate; whereas uh I mean well like Capitalism substitutes economic entities such as money, profit or interest to the real needs of life.
4184.txt: The meaning of each of them can be represented by a uh okay okay okay certain fuzzy set. One might define the glass as being 0. 7 empty and 0. 3 full.
966.txt: Dutch Radio 3FM named him 'Serious Talent' acoustic version, a duet okay I mean like like with Anneke van Giersbergen performed live on Giel like like so well Beelen ´ s 3FM radio show created a small internet hype.
1200.txt: George Todd is an English professional rugby league footballer so like um so who played in the 1930s, playing at representative level for England, and like so so uh at club level for Hunslet, as a, i. E. Number 6.
3807.txt: The Patrol Division is responsible for patroling the approximately well like like okay forty square mile town twent - four hours a day and responds to all emergency, and non-emergency, calls for service.
2086.txt: In the corporate sphere, the name currently survives through you know okay like um the Marmon Group of Chicago, Illinois, and Marmon Motor Company of Denton, Texas.
1583.txt: Henrik Hertz (August 25, 1797 -- February 25, 1870), Danish poet, was born of Jewish parents in Copenhagen.
862.txt: Despite the rain, Albanians enjoy a great well well uh okay deal of sunshine, second only to Spain in average annual sunny days.
3724.txt: The Green Memorial Hospital in Manipay, Sri Lanka was founded by Dr Samuel Fisk Green in 1848.
2501.txt: Late Narendra Nath Hazarika was a prominent freedom fighter, who well like so okay played a key role during the freedom movement, you know I mean so okay was closely associated with setting up schools and Puranigudam Bapuji Hall & Library.
351.txt: An ancient Welsh family of oligarchs, the Salusbury like uh you know uh family was first recognized by the crown during the reign of Henry VII after Thomas Salusbury put down a rebellion in Cornwall.
1678.txt: Hollings helped to establish the Hollings Center for International I mean like so okay Dialogue, an organization working to promote peace in the Middle East through small - scale conferences.
206.txt: After another reorganization of the mission staff, Rev. George um you know you know so Schwarz arrived in September 1887, then Rev. Wilhelm Poland in 1889.
1523.txt: He was anxious to resume the Lord Chancellorship and I mean I mean I mean uh lobbied repeatedly for it: it seems that he was okay you know okay so actually promised a return to the office in 1563, but the promise was not fulfilled.
2247.txt: It is uncertain as to whether he served in the Confederate well I mean you know uh Army or not, tradition states that he did, but no permanent record exists within his family.
717.txt: Cecilia Rozgonyi (1398 -- 1434) was the daughter of Peter Szentgyörgyi, an influential Hungarian nobleman.
1561.txt: He was the first Mormon to be a major party um you know uh okay presidential nominee, but lost the election to Barack Obama by 332 -- um I mean um so 206 electoral votes and by 51 -- 47 percent of the popular vote.
3346.txt: She has been coached by Martin Barras since 2009 and is also coached by Gary Sutton.
2528.txt: Leif Svensson (born July 8, 1951 in Härnösand, Sweden) is a retired uh so uh like Swedish ice hockey player who played two seasons with the Washington Capitals in the late 70s.
4888.txt: When the Second World War broke out in September 1939 Ireland okay well you know um was in no position to become involved, in you know um um okay fact some years before hand the deValera led government had declared a policy of neutrality.
138.txt: AMS is an organized effort of parts of the infectious you know I mean so um disease and public health community, in the US particularly their uh uh like um professional organizations like the IDSA, the PIDS and the nations highest public health agency, theCDC and globally the WHO.
3437.txt: Sir Henry Neville (c. 1562 - July 10, 1615) was um well uh I mean an English diplomat suspected of being the actual writer of Shakespeare's works.
182.txt: Adolph Gustav Kiefer (27 June 1918 -- 5 May 2017) uh like you know I mean was an American former competition swimmer, American Olympic champion, last okay you know okay okay surviving Olympic champion of Berlin, former world record - like um well so holder, and inventor and innovator of new products related to aquatics competition.
4182.txt: The match was also the last to be covered um you know so um on the original BBC Radio 5; the station I mean okay you know so closed down that night, with BBC Radio Five Live launching the following morning.
2344.txt: James Paringatai (born 7 January 1986 in Taihape, New Zealand) well okay so well is a New Zealand professional basketball player who currently you know you know like well plays for the Southland Sharks of the New Zealand National Basketball League.
1279.txt: Hardwick Court Farm is a large farm in Chertsey, Surrey and was first established during the Saxon period.
1792.txt: In 1883, an art school was founded in 1883 by you know okay you know you know the Walthamstow Literary Institute at the Trinity schoolroom, in I mean like I mean like West Avenue, which was connected with the Science and Art Department, South Kensington.
4704.txt: Tim Lewis (born December 18, 1961) is a National Football League coach and former player.
4832.txt: Very little has been documented about this breed, and I mean I mean uh I mean they are not a recognized pure - breed okay like uh okay in the Australian Canine Council, however Old Farmers you know you know well okay and specialist breeders keep the original lines going and maintain effort in a future of the breed.
1974.txt: In May of 2013, Dr. Vanderpool and his wife you know you know well I mean Lauri officially moved to Thomazeau, Haiti, selling both their home in Brentwood, Tennessee, and Vanderpool's private practice Lave MD.
2005.txt: In an interview with 'The New York Times', Noah likened you know like uh you know Stewart to 'a Jewish Yoda' and recounted advice Stewart gave like you know okay uh him, saying, ' The most amazing thing that um you know so um Jon did was he didn't give me a mandate.
3202.txt: Roger, the eldest son and always Aristide's favourite, is like uh like um a failure as businessman and has steered the catering business I mean like I mean well bestowed to him by his father to the well well like so brink of bankruptcy; he longs to live a simple life somewhere far away.
1705.txt: However, he did not have a chance to defend I mean well like um it and was awarded posthumously an honorary degree in 2014.
4133.txt: The internal rate of return (IRR) or economic rate of um so um so return (ERR) is a rate of return used in capital budgeting to measure and compare the profitability of investments.
4370.txt: The single was released on their own label, Surrealist Records, owned by bassist Simon Laffy.
4323.txt: The resulting knowledge about human kinesiology and sport nutrition combined you know uh you know okay with his distinctive posing styles makes Kamali a sought out so well like well bodybuilder for seminars and guest appearances and has been featured well like I mean okay in many bodybuilding articles, as well as being on the cover of MUSCLEMAG magazine.
1989.txt: In addition, Dodin has won 7 ITF singles um okay um so titles on the ITF Women's Circuit and has reached the uh okay well uh final of the 2014 Internationaux Féminins de la um well uh well Vienne and the semifinals of the 2014 Open GDF Suez de Limoges.
4139.txt: The island supports a small population that has been whaling well so uh I mean for hundreds of years speaking the languages of Adonara and Lamaholot.
3391.txt: She was on a voyage from Boston, Massachusetts to Saint John, New Brunswick, British North America.
3152.txt: Realizing Sparrow is the target, Elizabeth traps him aboard the I mean well like so 'Black Pearl' as the crew abandons the ship, and the you know okay well okay monster drags Sparrow and the ship to Davy Jones's Locker.
2083.txt: In the UK, Germany, and Thailand (Before January 2012), um so um I mean the product is available Over-the - counter as a pack of 12 tablets produced by McNeil.
1024.txt: Eve Myles (born 26 July 1978) is a Welsh television, okay okay like so film, stage and voice actress who graduated from the Royal Welsh College of Music & Drama in 2000.
3083.txt: Polybius has been noted to be hostile like so well you know to some of his subject material; for example, his so so um okay treatment of Crete has been noted to be biased in a negative sense.
31.txt: 'Right Type of Mood' is a song written and um um well so performed by Herbie Crichlow (under the name Herbie), featured on the 1995 album 'Fingers'.
892.txt: Don Valley was a former federal electoral district represented you know well like okay in the Canadian House of Commons, and located in the province of Ontario.
2318.txt: Its leadership headquarters were mainly in what became Ankole, believed to well uh okay I mean have been run by the Bachwezi dynasty in the fourteenth um you know um okay and fifteenth centuries, who may have followed a semi-legendary dynasty known as the Batembuzi.
4963.txt: Woods contacted Crowther and received his permission to make you know well like so an improved version which also spread to many locations, including the PDP - 10 systems at MIT.
747.txt: Chris Bruton (born January 23, 1987) is a Canadian professional like like um like ice hockey player, who is currently playing for the Grand Rapids Griffins of the American Hockey League (AHL).
781.txt: Colleen McEdwards (born 1968) is a Canadian anchor for CNN okay I mean um I mean International, based at CNN International's Atlanta headquarters, where she anchors various editions of 'World Report'.
508.txt: Audit firm Nexia BT, is the Mossack Fonseca franchise in Malta you know okay like uh which also audits the accounts of Schembri's companies in the Kasco Group.
1462.txt: He pushes the hostage to the florr and grabs Alex's you know so okay um daughter then wlks under the decking and Alex imtandly well okay like uh follows after a gun shot is heard when she gets down I mean so so I mean her dughter walks towards her and the criminal can not be found.
2786.txt: Named after its primary product, a web application Less like I mean uh um Annoying CRM, also known as LACRM which is a okay uh um well customer relationship management (CRM) system that is available for Windows, iOS, Android, and Windows Phone.
1772.txt: In 1716, Scalan seminary was established in the I mean you know so um Highlands and rebuilt in the 1760s by Bishop John Geddes, you know well you know um a well - known figure in the Edinburgh of the Enlightenment period.
1285.txt: Haw was born in Woodford Green in the London so so so like Borough of Redbridge and grew up in neighbouring Barking and in Whitstable, Kent.
4710.txt: To aid him in his fight against the four fighters, okay well so you know the Nameless Sanzo has plush toy armies made of so you know so um captured human souls (that were considred bad) that would you know uh well I mean raised to serve him that when he is in trouble.
4789.txt: United's first internationals were defenders Harry Lilley like um well well and Michael Whitham who both appeared for England on 5 I mean um like so March 1892 and the most recent player to be um okay I mean well capped while with United was another defender, Lecsinel Jean - François who played twice for Haiti in November 2011.
3603.txt: The 2007 -- 08 WHL season was his fifth okay uh um like and final season with the Silvertips; he played 56 games and sported a 2. 45 goals against average.
3479.txt: Sophie McKay arrives at the end of 2006 and settles uh well well okay into Ferndale High relatively easily though she is immediately at odds with Scarlett Valentine.
1111.txt: For the remainder of 2006 he divided his time um uh I mean so between the two tours, winning twice on the Nationwide Tour, and you know so uh so finishing twelfth on the money list to regain his so like okay uh PGA Tour card with effect from the start of the 2007 season.
4777.txt: Ultimately, the enteric microbiota of the intestine overgrow and well like you know you know may be the cause of further symptoms, though this idea has not been fully investigated.
1813.txt: In 1935 the AKC changed the name of the breed uh okay so you know to Staffordshire Terrier and then again in 1972 the name of the breed was changed to American Straffordshire Terrier.
4490.txt: Their one weak point is that they are show well I mean so um - offs, and can not resist shaping themselves to spell like okay um um the one word they know how to spell, before they attack.
4500.txt: There are approximately 2, 000 mantid species worldwide, the majority are found in Asia.
2565.txt: Locata Corporation is a privately held technology company based you know like I mean like in Canberra, Australia, that invented a local positioning system that I mean well um well government, commercial and other organizations use to determine positioning when Global Positioning System (GPS) signals are blocked or unreliable.
1562.txt: He was the first graduate and judicial officer of Arayamparmbil, a 250 year old famous tharavadu of Kodungallur.
3250.txt: Samarth Pratishthan (Devanagari: समर्थ प्रतिष्ठान) (2 Oct 1999) well so well um The aim is to communicate to do a well well you know uh good cultural, social activities and make a great Pathak with discipline and creativity in all members.
2147.txt: International Amusement Limited (IAL) was incorporated on 15th I mean um like like September 1984 by Mr. Gian Vijeshwar, a Sweden based businessman of uh so like um Indian origin, with the primary objective to conceptualize and set up India's first amusement park 'Appu Ghar'.
4885.txt: When she died in 1641 there was a memorial brass well so well um placed in All Saints church in Durston which includes a picture uh well okay I mean of her in a watchman's greatcoat and that she was 80 years and seven months old.
2368.txt: Jinx recovers and soon notices that something is next to um okay uh okay him, feels the cat's head and grabs an eyelid; promptly, Jasper opens his eye and hoists him up.
1614.txt: High velocities can cause light pellets to deform or even uh you know um you know break apart and the transition from supersonic to subsonic will cause most pellets to tumble.
3543.txt: Sutti Veerabhadra Rao, popular as one of the so well I mean well famous 'Sutti Janta', was a popular Radio and Theater Artist from 1970 - 1980.
2121.txt: In today's Berlin much evidence regarding the space station is like like I mean okay said to be found, for example the antenna mentioned above um um like so which was apparently unmasked by East German and Soviet Russian scientists.
2136.txt: Inger Berggren, born 23 February 1934 in Stockholm, is a I mean um so you know Swedish singer who began singing in Thore Swanerud's orchestra, and later sang with Thore Ehrling, Simon Brehm, and Göte Wilhelmsson.
2986.txt: Originally there were more than this - Moghedien suggests twelve um um well uh were killed during the The War of Power, due to like well I mean well arousing the Dark One's suspicions, she also suggests that there were so uh okay I mean many more chosen before this but they were killed in the war of power.
1768.txt: In 'Tekken', Paul's sub-boss was Kuma, a bear supposedly okay so uh so trained by Heihachi Mishima; this was explained by Paul I mean so like uh having witnessed as a child that a martial artist named Willie Williams fighting a bear.
3848.txt: The Syracuse University Alma Mater was written by Junius W um well so I mean. Stevens (1895) in 1893 and is based on the then - popular song Annie Lisle.
4149.txt: The last whaling ship to be built at Dundee was so um um well the 'Terra Nova', in 1884, and the whaling industry ceasing later in around 1912.
3358.txt: She left an estate of £ 2071 and probate okay um so um was granted in London to Thomas Marshall Sinclair, company secretary, and Reginald Victor Rowles, company director.
99.txt: A new permanent exhibit, 'Endless Possibilities', was opened on uh well um um December 15, 2009 and uses photos, objects, stories, and multimedia to trace the journeys of Iowa's African Americans.
3117.txt: Prof. Spärck Jones was a Fellow of the British Academy, like um uh well an AAAI Fellow and ECCAI Fellow, and was President of the Association for Computational Linguistics in 1994.
1898.txt: In 2008, the duo wrote a pilot script for uh okay uh well their first original sitcom; in 'Playing Shop', the two star as so like so well Eric and Jamie, friends who set up a business together after they are made redundant from their old jobs.
344.txt: Among fourteen candidates, he finished fifth with 9, 971 votes like I mean okay so (10 percent), just behind Clyde C. Holloway, the fourth like um so um - place candidate and a Republican member of the Louisiana Public Service Commission from Johnson's neighboring Rapides Parish.
3948.txt: The character is played by actress Andrea Bowen, and first appeared in the pilot episode of the series in 2004.
411.txt: Arua Airport is the second - busiest airport in Uganda, behind Entebbe International Airport.
412.txt: Arulmigu Palaniandavar Polytechnic (APP), formerly APPM, is a technical like like okay uh institution under the Directorate of Technical Education (DOTE), Guindy, Chennai okay I mean well like. Serves students in and around Palani as well as from the Dindigul, Theni, Madurai, and Coimbatore districts.
2362.txt: Jenny soon dropped out of her course and started um um like like an affair with a married dentist, Robert Weston, and when he left his wife she moved in with him.
2294.txt: It was held annually at the Sheepshead Bay Racetrack at I mean uh you know so Gravesend, New York until 1913, and at Aqueduct Racetrack in 1959 like um uh okay and 1961, and from 1918 to 1969 it moved well I mean uh uh to Belmont Park on Long Island where it is raced today as a Grade III event.
290.txt: All events, associations, stimuli, and experiences return thoughts like okay you know you know to the limerent object with unnerving consistency, while conversely the constant thoughts about the limerent object define all other experiences.
4200.txt: The motto 'Going Down' was adopted during the well like you know so Second World War when operating on Hawker Typhoons over occupied you know um um um Europe, this was the flight leader's instruction to begin their diving attacks with bombs and / or cannons.
3768.txt: The Lowsman Trophy is awarded annually to the last player selected in the like um okay um NFL draft, and it is a parody of okay you know I mean um the Heisman Trophy, awarded to the outstanding college football player of the year.
3776.txt: The Manchester Writing School launched the second Manchester Poetry uh I mean okay like Prize in 2010, with Simon Armitage, Lavinia Greenlaw and um you know like like Daljit Nagra as judges, and will be launching the well you know um uh second Manchester Fiction Prize in January 2011, with Nicholas Royle once again acting as Head Judge.
1208.txt: Gilfry shortened his performing name from Rodney to Rod in like well well uh 2005, and he celebrated his 20th year as a professional opera singer in 2006.
3218.txt: Route 812 joins Route 37 west into Ogdensburg, then goes south to Village of Lowville in Lewis County.
4909.txt: While it was some miles offshore, an explosives - laden uh so um I mean boat rammed the starboard side of the tanker and detonated, okay like well you know catching the vessel on fire and spewing approximately 90, 000 barrels of oil into the Gulf of Aden.
2665.txt: Mazari joined the Pakistan Tehreek - e - Insaf in well like you know you know 2008 and was elected to the National Assembly in 2013 from Punjab.
3629.txt: The Aquarium of the Pacific is located in the uh so well you know city of Long Beach, California and features a collection of over 12, 500 animals representing almost 1, 000 different species.
514.txt: Autry and later Roy Rogers appeared in a contemporary okay um okay well Western setting, rather than the 19th Century 'Wild West' I mean um um uh era that allowed the stars to appear in modern clothing alongside motorcars, aeroplanes and telephones.
1107.txt: For the 2012 election, Quayle was drawn into the you know like uh like new Arizona 9th congressional district after redistricting, but instead um like like I mean chose to run in the newly configured 6th district, where he already represented approximately two - thirds of the precincts.
4093.txt: The fourth series of the renminbi was introduced between 1987 like well so so and 1997, although the banknotes were dated 1980, 1990, or 1996.
4079.txt: The following day, March 20, 1848, the municipality of Trent okay so like so established the national guard and sent a patriotic so uh uh so appeal to the citizens in which they expressed the wish I mean uh so so that the example of Trent should be followed by all of Trentino.
3515.txt: Stradella wrote at least 6 operas, numerous cantatas like you know uh you know and oratorios, and 27 separate instrumental pieces, most for strings and basso continuo, typically in the 'sonata da chiesa' format.
3531.txt: Sukyo Mahikari was established in June 1978 by Sachiko so okay you know uh (Kouko) Okada, using the name Keishu, at the Harumi like I mean uh like Trade Center in Tokyo, Sachiko Okadaannounced the 'establishment of Sukyo Mahikari'.
4375.txt: The site was first documented in 1968 by I mean um I mean uh Pekka Sarvas, and since then a number of excavations have been undertaken, including four underwater excavations.
4691.txt: Three dioecious South American palms, with moderate to large, acaulescent okay so well I mean or erect trunks, their staminate inflorescences are spike - like, while the pistillate are branched and spreading.
4795.txt: Unlike his father, whose transformation culminated in a sickly, distorted so well uh okay amalgamation of human and fly, Martin's mutation turned him you know like I mean uh into a dangerous opponent, most likely due to okay well so uh his insect heritage being a natural part of his evolution rather than an accidental genetic fusion.
3404.txt: Shulman returned to his position at the NBC Symphony uh I mean like I mean Orchestra in 1948, the same year he became a member of the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers.
1476.txt: He retained the shipping department and in 1870 renamed it the well okay I mean um Anchor Line of Steam Packet and commissioned a pennant for his ships, designed by the artist William Cook, and featuring an anchor.
3168.txt: Repairing, teaching 'rock school' at Mom's Music, and building custom guitars, he began perfecting his trade craft.
1138.txt: Frederick Rutherford is a fictional character in the television like I mean I mean well sitcom 'Leave It to Beaver', the father of Clarence 'Lumpy' Rutherford and daughter, Violet.
1095.txt: For 1978, a new Champagne Edition convertible was launched, available in blue or red metallic paint with white leatherette interior.
1189.txt: General Charles Bruce, future president of the club, was the so like well okay man to lead and entry to Tibet might be okay you know like like possible because Sir Francis Younghusband had returned home after his 'Mission to Lhasa' and subsequent 1904 treaty.
2787.txt: Nandana Sen (, born Nandana Dev Sen on 19 August 1967 ) is an Indian actress.
1019.txt: Established in 2006, the competition was designed to uh um well so recognize some of the most innovative, creative and artistic songs like I mean like um created in the past year by emerging songwriters in Canada.
3061.txt: Peter Banner (born July -- September 1948 in Rochdale) is an I mean you know well you know English professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1970s, um um well okay playing at representative level for Wales, and at club level for um you know I mean okay Salford, Featherstone Rovers and Leeds as a, i. E. Number 7.
4872.txt: When Charlie found a Golden Ticket, he took Grandpa Joe to accompany him on the factory tour.
2912.txt: On January 2, 2007, Sony Ericsson announced in Stockholm I mean I mean okay well that it will have some of its mobile phones uh um okay um made in India, and that its two outsourcing partners, okay um I mean okay FLextronics and Foxconn will make 10 million cellphones per year by 2009.
4792.txt: University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill School of well I mean you know um Dentistry is a school of dentistry located in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, United States.
2979.txt: Operation Fath - ol - Mobeen was A succesful operation well uh um like by Iran to retake the Dezful - Shush area after um um okay I mean it was lost in the Battle of Dezful in January 1981.
201.txt: After a string of successful albums, this was her last rock okay um so I mean - oriented album of the 1980s, before she would go uh well okay um on to try a blues - based sound with 'True Love' in 1991.
94.txt: A music video for their song 'The Big Picture' was like I mean well uh made, but the only member of the band you know well I mean uh featured was Amos, since by then, unable to withstand pressure from like okay uh uh Atlantic Records she had jettisoned the entire band with the exception of Steve Caton.
2337.txt: Jamaal J. Jackson (born May 8, 1980) is a former well uh like I mean American football center who played for nine seasons I mean so okay you know for the Philadelphia Eagles of the National Football League (NFL).
488.txt: At the age of 11 his family decided so okay so uh to move to Germany where he visited th 'Clara - Schumann' music scool.
3347.txt: She has been married twice and has three children so you know um okay by her second husband tenor, chorus master and conductor Simon uh I mean well uh Schouten but is known professionally by the surname of her first husband Ernst - Jürgen von Magnus.
2666.txt: Mazarine Marie Pingeot (born December 18, 1974 in Avignon, Vaucluse), well okay okay well who changed her name to Mazarine Marie Pingeot - Mitterrand I mean okay I mean okay in 2005, is a writer and the daughter of former French president François Mitterrand and his mistress Anne Pingeot.
4956.txt: Within days of the election of a Conservative government in uh well okay I mean June 1970, the new education minister, Margaret Thatcher, replaced both Circulars um like okay I mean with Circular 10/70, which allowed each authority to decide its own policy.
4114.txt: The house was built in 1806 by Asher Benjamin and added to the National Historic Register in 1966.
3179.txt: Rhodolite is a varietal name for rose - pink um well so uh to red pyrope garnet found in Cowee Valley, Macon County, North Carolina.
1106.txt: For much of the 2004 -- 05 season, the like like okay well club struggled in the Premiership, but staged a remarkable so you know uh um comeback in the final weeks of the season, the catalyst being victory against Manchester United 2 -- 0.
736.txt: Chartered Legal Executives in England and Wales can become partners like okay um you know in law firms and are eligible for certain judicial appointments and as advocates, subject to meeting eligibility requirements.
2185.txt: It had a successful run at several Central Florida theaters so um I mean um and was featured at Orlando's premiere LGBT pride event, Come like so I mean so Out With Pride 2011 and raised over $ 2, 000 for an LGBT non-profit organization, the Zebra Coalition.
3339.txt: She founded the Toronto Arts for Youth Award, and well I mean I mean okay has worked as an instructor for the theatre program at George Brown College.
2078.txt: In the Navy Cup held between the 1982 - I mean like so you know 83 season, Galatasaray coach Đorđe Milić gives Metin Tekin a chance in the first eleven.
1838.txt: In 1978, its editor Pedro Chamorro was assassinated, however so um like well even today it is unknown who was responsible like so I mean well some point the finger at Somaza's National Guard while others accuse the Sandinista's of his assination.
4495.txt: Then the result only says that it would be so like so I mean better if low utility people had not existed, a statement with little bearing on practical morals.
1880.txt: In 2003, she and her sister Alka Sadat established the uh like okay like Roya Film House and under this banner produced more than 30 documentaries and features films and won several awards.
179.txt: Adjustments to the surface of the board are made with like I mean like okay a hand plane or other method of wood removal and the uh like like well process described above is repeated until the board is satisfactorily flat.
2847.txt: Not only does the Biggest Loser win prizes, but the um I mean like well second placer wins ₱ 500, 000, Artista Salon services worth so um okay well ₱ 50, 000, a one - year membership with Fitness First, and Whirlpool home appliances.
3027.txt: Paraguay received military supplies and daily intelligence from Argentina, which um uh so I mean also provided Paraguay with critical economic and military backing throughout the war.
2331.txt: Jace H. Fry (born July 9, 1993) is an like I mean I mean um American professional baseball pitcher who plays for the Chicago White Sox of Major League Baseball.
467.txt: At, it is the highest peak on Durmitor mountain, and well um well uh had been thought to be the highest point okay well so so in Montenegro, but new surveys have revealed there are three higher peaks on the border with Albania.
4518.txt: There is a Roman temple near the town that was called so I mean uh I mean Ain Libbaya or Ayn Libbaya that was classified amongst a group of Temples of Mount Hermon by George Taylor.
1656.txt: His parents were Constantine Ioannes 'Iplik (t) sis' Ioannou / Ionides okay um so well (1775 -- 1852) and his wife Mariora Ioannou - Sentoukakis I mean like like like (1784 -- 1857), who had set up a London branch for his trading firm in c. 1815.
430.txt: As a state legislator, Bayh unsuccessfully worked to lower well well so uh the voting age in Indiana, and continued his effort in the Senate Judiciary Committee, where he also met opposition.
1654.txt: His other business interests included being director of the like okay so um Blackstaff Flax Spinning Company and chairman of several railway companies.
4716.txt: To the south - east is to be found the I mean you know um okay sardine port of Douarnenez which gives the bay its name, the well you know like um only settlement of importance on the banks of the bay.
4647.txt: This results in the formation of glutamate semialdehyde, which spontaneously cyclizes to pyrroline - 5 - carboxylate.
2595.txt: MS 'SNAV Adriatico' was a ro - ro ferry uh so you know like owned by Stena Line and operated on their Karlskrona - Gdynia service.
656.txt: But he was not the only whale to attack I mean you know like so his hunters, nor was he, apparently, the only white whale in the sea.
199.txt: After a good season in which Kukësi were crowned Albanian Superliga okay okay um um champions, on 5 June 2017, Musolli received a call I mean so okay like - up from Kosovo for a 2018 FIFA World Cup qualifying match against Turkey.
1082.txt: Following a successful run at London's 380 - seat okay uh like uh Royal Court theatre, 'Jerusalem' transferred to London's West End at so like well uh the 796 - seat Apollo Theatre for a so well like uh limited 12 week season from 28 January 2010, closing on 24 April 2010.
1259.txt: Hakim Syed Karam Husain (1287AH/1870AD -- 11th Shawwal so um well I mean 1372 AH / 25 June 1953) was merely 8 like like okay um years old when his father Qazi Mir Imdad Ali died.
1497.txt: He studied at Amherst College, graduating in 1867 and was later well um uh you know to become professor of political science and constitutional law at Columbia College in 1876.
3996.txt: The current principal of summit is Paul Kendall STacey well well okay you know the first he is an excellent principal the students say some even call him 'the cereal of the unknown bowl'.
1665.txt: His wife worked at a wig shop but I mean I mean well I mean was killed one night in a burglary; the robber made off with $ 44. 94.
3813.txt: The Property was owned by farmer and local identity you know um well you know George Duncan, and the property has become known in the district over the years simply as 'Duncan's farm'.
3318.txt: She attended Rugby High School for Girls and went to Newnham College, Cambridge.
3293.txt: Serbianess fallacy is a fallacy based on the implied Serbianess I mean you know um well of the opponent in the discussion which can I mean so um you know be used to advance your position in discussion about like um okay I mean the topics directly or indirectly related to Serbia or Serbs, well um okay so or if your opponent can be connected to Serbia or Serbs.
3235.txt: SCANA Corporation is a $ 9 billion Fortune 500 energy - um I mean so like based holding company, based in Cayce, South Carolina, whose businesses you know like so you know include regulated electric and natural gas utility operations and other energy - related businesses.
663.txt: But when the boys discover that the dolls are uh well okay like not authentic but cheap knock - offs (as you know I mean um so the boys originally suspected), Kyle calls Shenanigans, leading to a riot which destroys the entire carnival.
1461.txt: He published a book with the title 'Das Gesetz der Serie' so um well well ( 'The Law of the Series'; never translated into English um um okay uh ), in which he recounted 100 or so anecdotes well uh so you know of coincidences that had led him to formulate his theory of Seriality.
16.txt: 'I'm Alive 'is a song written by the American rock band so okay like okay Tommy James and the Shondells and first recorded so uh so uh in 1969 as part of their album' Crimson and Clover'.
417.txt: As a Muslim, he worked as the Secretary General in the Myanmar like well I mean I mean Islam Religious Council until his passing away on 7 January 1970, at 5. 50 p. M. Of heart disease.
2893.txt: On 6 May 1943, Peiper was awarded the you know so uh well German Cross in Gold for his achievements in February I mean like um like 1943 around Kharkov, where his unit gained the nickname the 'Blowtorch Battalion'.
1091.txt: Following the events of the previous games, the magical land I mean um uh I mean of Gensokyo is once again at peace until uh so uh I mean yōkai begin to swarm the Hakurei Shrine and a okay okay you know like tremendous power surges from beneath a lake high in the mountains.
1641.txt: His force consisted of around 1000 cavalry, including 112 heavy cavalry, you know well okay you know and a similar number of infantry, from which well like well uh around 1000 cavalry and 400 infantry were mercenaries hired by Polish like okay I mean like king, Casimir IV Jagiello; the rest were units from Gdansk.
4059.txt: The first Sanacja government was formed during the May well um um I mean 1926 constitutional reforms of the Second Polish Republic, and was headed by Naczelnik Jozef Pilsudski until his death in 1935.
2771.txt: Munchak was an offensive lineman for Penn State I mean you know um I mean from 1978 - 1981 during this time he was a well well um you know starter for the 1979 and 1981 seasons; however, he missed the 1980 season due to knee injury.
4461.txt: The village falls within the Non-metropolitan district of South well so like you know Somerset, which was formed on 1 April 1974 under I mean I mean like okay the Local Government Act 1972, having previously been part of Yeovil Rural District.
1011.txt: Epiphanius uses the spelling Νασαραίοι, which he distinguishes from 'Nazoraios' you know uh uh like in the New Testament, for a Jewish Christian sect apparently like uh um like centered in the areas of Coele - Syria, Galilee and uh uh like like Samaria, essentially corresponding to the long - defunct state of Israel.
4411.txt: The subsidiary Battle of Nablus was fought virtually simultaneously in well so I mean um the Judean Hills in front of Nablus and at okay well um like crossings of the Jordan River as well as attacking okay so uh I mean the Fourth Army in the Hills of Moab at Es Salt and Amman.
1293.txt: He also served Joint Editor in the biggest daily Urdu daily so so so like Jang and at present working as columnist and analyst in daily 92 newspaper and TV channel.
452.txt: As she begins to lose consciousness, Kowalski appears outside, okay uh so uh enters the capsule, and tells her to use the Soyuz's landing rockets to propel the capsule toward 'Tiangong'.
3574.txt: Testour is a small town located in the north you know so uh so of Tunisia, on the hills of the Medjerda Valley, you know I mean you know so 20 km (12 miles) south - west of Medjez okay like like well - el - Bab, the crossroads between Tunis, Beja, and the north of Tunisia.
3849.txt: The T - 70 was a light tank used by like well uh I mean the Army of the Soviet Union during well uh uh well World War II. It replaced the T - 60 as the Red Army's main light tank.
4303.txt: The promise of mote technology vibration sensors embedded on the you know um I mean like railcar itself, to measure vibrations and possible wheel impact like um uh you know conditions are flawed in the sense that these sensors would you know like so so not be able to distinguished between vibrations originating from the rail track or the rail wheel / bogie.
2465.txt: Kneel Cohn (born 12 January 1976) is the well uh like like primary songwriter, lead singer and guitarist for The Dead well you know like so Stars On Hollywood known for the songs 'Prozac Smile' and 'Flaunt it Like This'.
918.txt: Due to the movies harsh subject manner and in your face stlye, well um you know like it has divided audieces and critics, but has succesfully found a um so you know you know cult audience in the US, Canada, Germany, Belgium, Switzerland and Denmark where it's widely distributed on DVD.
4610.txt: This analogy is used to describe the multilayered nature of is removed, a third is exposed, and so forth.
516.txt: Average annual rainfall is around 2, 600 mm. The you know uh I mean I mean local governmental offices are reside in okay I mean okay uh Batam Centre, biggest community on the island is Lubuk Baja (formerly known as Nagoya).
3021.txt: Paige Harrison is a Chicago based author who in well I mean I mean I mean 2004 coined the term 'Female - Led' in her okay um okay okay writings and also began to advance the terminology to describe okay um um um her approach to an intentional relationship lifestyle model okay you know I mean uh of how many men and women desire to live together.
1377.txt: He has two sisters and an older brother; he was raised in the Lutheran church.
4848.txt: WHOD ( 94. 5 FM, 'Dixie 94. 5' ) is a radio station licensed to serve Jackson, Alabama, USA.
785.txt: Compo is a slang word for 'competition' commonly used um you know well um by the demoscene and related subcultures when referring to their contests related to programming, computer graphics and music.
2948.txt: On the night of 30/31 May, the sector of the line um so so um the pioneers were digging under was subjected to a heavy artillery you know uh um okay bombardment, followed by a trench raid during which several of the battalion's personnel were killed or taken prisoner.
3310.txt: Shadow Wars 'is a combination of Real - time so um like you know strategy and role - playing video game created by German okay okay uh like game developers Phenomic as a sequel to their 2003 release' and its two expansions, 'and'.
3548.txt: Sébastian and Zayda climb down a rope to the boat uh uh um okay but are discovered half way down; they plunge to their deaths when the rope is slashed.
1484.txt: He served France during World War I as a okay you know well so general and was called 'one of France's finest generals' by Geoffrey Blainey.
1303.txt: He became Kamen Rider Amazon's recurring ally until he died by the Mushroom Beastman's poison spore.
1870.txt: In 1999 he started his career in theatre before moving to um okay I mean okay television serials for Doordarshan as well as commercials and corporate films.
4562.txt: They are cosmopolitan in distribution and are distinguished from well okay um well others in the superfamily by a combination of I mean uh well well minute characters, and species identification typically requires dissection and comparison with identification keys.
3541.txt: Survival analysis is a branch of statistics death in you know so I mean okay biological organisms and failure in 'reliability theory' or 'reliability analysis' in like okay like um engineering, and 'duration analysis' or 'duration modeling' in economics or sociology.
4305.txt: The protocol specifically excludes weapons whose incendiary effect is uh okay um well secondary, such as smoke grenades and tracer rounds, you know uh you know uh although this has been often read as excluding white phosphorus munitions from this protocol, as well.
4847.txt: WBT was the number one station in Charlotte so so well uh for many years; among its employees were Charles Kuralt and Nelson Benton.
722.txt: Chaitanya's journalist friend Sudhakar (Chinna), after witnessing the murder of I mean uh um well city D. I. G. , is murdered by a gang near his garage.
2463.txt: Klaus decides he wants this child, so he vows to protect Hayley and their unborn child, whatever it takes.
2088.txt: In the deep of night she awakens to a dripping sound coming from the bathroom.
111.txt: A second area of wind divergence aloft occurs ahead uh uh like I mean of embedded shortwave troughs, which are of I mean you know well so smft within the troposphere below, which lowers surface pressures as upward motion partially counteracts the force of gravity.
2091.txt: In the film's 'twist' ending, Burma hatches a plan to okay well I mean um kidnap her sister's adopted daughter, but the child is, in fact, her own.
2729.txt: Mohammed Bilal Khatri is an Indian young Master so so uh uh craftsman Born: , in village Bagh, Madhya Pradesh, Who had uh so I mean I mean learnt the traditional Craft of Bagh Print by his father Mohammed Yusuf Khatri and grandfather Ismail Sulemanji Khatri.
120.txt: A suspect in the case was arrested almost okay okay I mean okay two years later; police have said others were involved I mean I mean well you know in what they consider a murder for hire motivated by well so so uh Markel's bitter divorce from Wendi Adelson, a clinical law professor at Florida State University.
682.txt: CRC Press Yeast breads often take hours to rise, well so you know uh and the resulting baked good's texture can vary greatly based on external factors such as temperature.
2142.txt: Initially there was no specific way to reverse like you know okay I mean the anticoagulant effect of dabigatran in the event of a well okay uh okay major bleeding event, unlike for warfarin, but a dabigatran so I mean so um antidote (idarucizumab) was approved by the FDA in 2015.
121.txt: A television role followed as Mrs Crichton in 'Larger you know like well well Than Life', and at London's Arts Theatre she played Sybil Merton in 'Lord Arthur Saville's Crime'.
1174.txt: Gall was initially expected to face Punk at UFC 202, but the okay okay okay I mean pairing was delayed and eventually took placed on September 10, 2016 at UFC 203.
538.txt: Beaver Lake is a hamlet in northern Alberta in Lac I mean well uh you know La Biche County, located east of Highway 55, northwest of Cold Lake.
942.txt: During the 2010 -- 11 season, Brown won the well um well so silver medal in his Junior Grand Prix debut in France and well um you know uh placed sixth in his second JGP event, in Japan.
3064.txt: Petter's gerbil or Petter's tateril, 'Taterillus petteri', is you know okay so um a species of gerbil found in Burkina Faso, Mali, and Niger.
88.txt: A little golem that can not speak, but is shown okay you know so okay to have feelings and emotions, she is killed by um so okay like Yoshizumi's assistant just as Shito tells her he will take care of her.
1157.txt: From that point on there are several changes I mean I mean so like of direction in the line as it jogs you know um um well its way toward the Manitoba / Saskatchewan border which forms the border's southern end.
4298.txt: The process of implantation of medical devices is okay um I mean so subject to the same complications as any other invasive medical procedure, including infection, inflammation, and pain.
2109.txt: In the subsequent Serie A campaign, he guided Palermo to like you know well so sixth, earning their first ever UEFA Cup qualification, like well well so but opting to leave the club at the end of the season.
2616.txt: Manassas was the first four - year accredited Negro um you know I mean so high School in Shelby County and also had the first Negro football team in the city.
1653.txt: His only surviving work is the 'Excellentium Imperatorum Vitae', which okay um like well appeared in the reign of Theodosius I, as the work so uh um okay of the grammarian Aemilius Probus, who presented it to the emperor with a dedication in Latin verse.
1477.txt: He retired from playing in 1952 and ran uh like well well a pub in Aintree and died in October 1986, aged 76.
1723.txt: However, the original flag had a brownish colour instead of green, and there are horizontal variants of the flag as well.
1323.txt: He currently appears as Damien Darhk on 'Arrow' and also so so so um voiced a variety of comic superheroes and villains in a number of animated films and video games.
1036.txt: Examples include 'Sonar Tari' (1894), 'Chitra' (1896), and 'Katha O Kahini' well so you know you know (1900); his essays, poems, and plays of the time also touched on village life.
4589.txt: They live in Pleasanton, Florida, and have two sons, Mr so so I mean well. T and Pain played football at Brown University and Mike you know well uh I mean Rowe attended Monsters University where he started as bench warmer on the football team.
1991.txt: In addition, the 'witness' who introduced the concept that Jessie uh well I mean okay was coerced is considered a certifiable fraud by his so you know um I mean peers, and has been proven of coercing inmates in other cases into saying they were coerced.
2210.txt: It is clear that the Nazis were intent in removing well like like you know everything of value from their victims, and often went further uh I mean you know you know than the memo itself; hair, for example, was removed before execution to be made into mattresses.
1925.txt: In April 1087, the army abandoned its siege of Tudela uh I mean so well and most of the host returned home, but Odo and his retinue went west.
1895.txt: In 2006 he published his autobiography, 'Bash the Rich', of which a film version is currently in production.
611.txt: Born in Newcastle - under - Lyme, Brittain was like okay so uh the daughter of a well - to - do family, okay I mean you know so and had an uneventful childhood with her only brother her closest companion.
383.txt: Another grand jury witness, Jose Camacho, was a knife like okay well so salesman at Ross Cutlery who claimed to have sold Simpson I mean you know uh um a 15 - inch (380 mm) German - made so like um you know knife similar to the murder weapon three weeks before the killings.
3341.txt: She graduated from the University of Lovanium and holds a doctorate in African studies from the University of Paris.
1981.txt: In Season 4 she tries to interrogate a okay uh like okay suspect for the first time and concedes that the interpersonal so okay like you know aspects of the job and interrogations are still exclusively Booth's area of expertise.
1534.txt: He was conferred with dean emeritus and professor emeritus like uh I mean like status by the University of Colorado in August 1999, he was named president of KBDI / 12.
1778.txt: In 1793 he was engaged for 4 years in diplomatic work so I mean um okay in Travnik as commercial attaché, where he also helped Jewish merchants in Sarajevo.
2687.txt: Mentally sound and emotionally secure ones should normally not show I mean I mean uh um the soft submissive temperament seen in lap dogs although many exhibit this behaviour due to proper training.
1650.txt: His most recent work is seen in AC / DC's so like um uh 2008 release Black Ice, the promotional shots were featured in more than 10000 print publications since Oct 2008.
3451.txt: Societies formed criminal justice systems (some argue also like okay like um ethical traditions and religions) to defuse just such you know you know like so deep ystems always impose trained judges who are presumed okay well um I mean to have an ethical relationship and also a clear obligation to all who come before them.
3700.txt: The East Valley is a growing area of the uh so uh you know Greater Phoenix region that encompasses the communities of well like well uh Mesa, Chandler, Tempe, Gilbert, Ahwatukee and (in some definitions) Scottsdale, Queen Creek, Apache Junction, and San Tan Valley.
3618.txt: The African Wild Dog is a medium sized canid like uh okay so found only in Africa, especially in savannas and other lightly wooded areas.
407.txt: Arthur Fonzarelli was born to an Italian - um like uh like American family in his mother were abandoned by his father.
3786.txt: The Multicolor Shirts' agenda is to make the Red Shirt uh so like I mean leaders accountable for the damages and crimes, while supporting the uh uh well well approach of the command of the armed forces that ordered its troops to crack down the protests.
1888.txt: In 2005 he joined the faculty at the University okay like I mean um of Texas at Austin, where he is the Dickson Allen okay so I mean uh Anderson Centennial Professor of History and Professor of Government, and holds the Jack S. Blanton Sr. Chair in History.
3977.txt: The competition to get into bookstores is extreme, uh I mean like um and the terms of trade (discounts and return privileges especially) can be financially onerous.
4809.txt: Upon returning to Scotland he continued his academic you know like I mean I mean career, tutoring for the Open University, founding the Unit for um okay so you know the Study of Government in Scotland at the University of Edinburgh, and becoming Rector of the University of Aberdeen.
3960.txt: The club, formed in 1993 by Syriac immigrants arriving from Turkey uh so uh well has advanced through the league system and is currently playing in the third highest Swedish league, Division 1 Norra.
4221.txt: The newspaper publishes weekly on Mondays during fall and spring you know so uh so semesters and fortnightly during the two summer semester blocks you know okay so uh and typically runs with two sections, between twelve pages and um okay um like sixteen pages using a broadsheet format, printed at MediaOne of Utah.
2724.txt: Model and 1950's Television Actress', November 9, 2000 And okay I mean um well in the 40's she began to acquire valuable experience like okay you know so as a freelance television actress, appearing on 36 programs in two years.
890.txt: Dominick LaCapra (born 1939) received his B like okay you know uh. A. From Cornell University and his Ph. D. From Harvard.
4294.txt: The pressure cooker bomb was removed by an NYPD so uh well um bomb squad robot, with the robot placing it in a okay so well like 'total containment vessel' (a spherical chamber hitched to a okay um like uh police truck) and driving off around 2: 25 a. M. On September 18.
2937.txt: On his return to Genoa in 1916 he opened his I mean well I mean like studio and worked mainly as a portrait artist, like okay uh uh later enlarging his repertoire to landscapes of his native Liguria, covering the entire region and later on even some neighbouring regions.
4723.txt: Today, the hunting of wolves is banned in the um I mean I mean okay two countries and the Iberian Wolf are expanding to the South and East.
1281.txt: Haryanvi (Devanagari: हरियाणवी, also हरयाणवी), also known as Bangru (बांगरू), is the northernmost dialect of the Hindi language.
4230.txt: The objective of the U Family community is to build okay I mean well you know up 'strong and happy families' in Singapore with the development well well so um of family - focused initiatives and programmes to strengthen you know I mean well um family bonds and support working families with the advocation of pro-family practices at the work place.
819.txt: Currently he is employed with the Meltzer Group in okay okay um I mean Bethesda, Maryland, his wife, Elyssa was deputy director of scheduling in the office of United States Vice President Cheney.
1311.txt: He began racing in CART in 1998 and made well I mean okay you know his first IRL start in 2001 and was the okay uh I mean uh Co Rookie of the Year in the Indianapolis 500 in 2002.
975.txt: Early in 2001, Windhorst's House seat went to another Republican, I mean you know well so James Wayne 'Jim' Tucker, who in 2008 became Speaker of the state House.
2310.txt: It was written by Lavigne, Chad Kroeger, David Hodges and well uh uh like Martin Johnson, while the song was produced by Kroeger and Hodges, with additional production by Brandon Paddock and Kyle Moorman.
2627.txt: Many have cited the general impracticality and unattractiveness of uh you know I mean I mean sustained first - person perspective in film as okay uh so like a reason for its absence from filmed dream sequences (Walters, uh you know um uh James. Chapter 2 of Alternative worlds in Hollywood cinema: resonance between realms).
4539.txt: There was speculation that Liverpool would give their old manager an okay okay uh so easy ride and let him add to the three title like okay you know okay success he had managed them to in his uh uh um I mean time there, but Roy Evans dismissed such talk and his Liverpool side defeated Dalglish's men 2 - 1.
2596.txt: MVaaS is often used to address the challenges of managing distributed video like I mean okay okay systems across multiple locations and to reduce the user's burden of software maintenance, ongoing operation, and support.
4580.txt: They eat molluscs, aquatic insects and some plants and sometimes feed at night.
4895.txt: When they grew older Carmela doesn't marry while Laura well you know like you know marries Badong who after their second child she found out he had been cheating on her.
2285.txt: It was equipped with tanks, halftracks, self - I mean okay well uh propelled artillery and trucks, in many cases the division made I mean uh well uh use of captured French vehicles that had been salvaged and um um uh like modified by the division's commander of Panzerjäger - Abteilung 200, Alfred Becker.
1264.txt: Hall made 361 appearances and scored 38 goals in okay well okay you know eight years with Colchester, an achievement that meant the I mean so uh I mean former left - half was inducted into the club's Hall of Fame.
4830.txt: Venancio Bacon was among the first members of the um like uh well Doce Pares Club, and a few months later left the club due to skepticisms of the system's effectivity.
41.txt: 'Twilight' is the eight episode of the third season of the American science fiction television series', originally broadcast on November 5, 2003.
4907.txt: While he was viewing the angels, the tree bagan to shake; someone below was cutting down the tree.
899.txt: Downtown Youngstown is the traditional center of the city um um you know you know of Youngstown, Ohio, and is shaping up to become uh um okay uh the prime arts and entertainment district in the Youngstown - Warren metropolitan area.
3791.txt: The National University of Ireland, Galway (NUI Galway) ( Irish uh well like okay 'Ollscoil na hÉireann, Gaillimh' or 'OÉ Gaillimh' ) is a tertiary - level educational institution located in Galway, Ireland.
2857.txt: Of course, this doesn't apply to isolated outbursts on 'bad days'.
3243.txt: Safety was already confirmed two weeks prior when um like you know like the Swans drew 4 -- 4 with Wolverhampton Wanderers on so like um uh 28 April 2012, a game Swansea had um well I mean I mean led 4 -- 1, although Andrea Orlandi posted the fastest goal of the season in that match after 24 seconds.
3241.txt: Saad Al - Hariri (; born 18 April 1970 well so you know okay ) is a Lebanese politician and billionaire who was the Prime Minister from November 2009 to June 2011.
4069.txt: The first person to petition for redress was Fang well uh you know like Hong, a dissident blogger who had been sent to one year in like okay um you know a labor camp for writing a poem mocking Bo.
2924.txt: On May 7, 2014, the Forsyth County Historic Preservation Commission you know okay well uh approved nomination of the building for the National Register well uh well I mean of Historic Places has begun, and historic status, with um so you know so its tax incentives, could make the building more attractive.
3401.txt: Shortly after the death of his wife, okay uh uh you know Bavo decided to reform himself upon hearing a sermon preached by a monk, Saint Amand.
263.txt: After the war, approximately 80 % of the Loyalists you know um well uh stayed in the United States; however, perhaps 70, 000 uh um uh well loyalists sought refuge elsewhere in the British Empire, often with financial help from the Crown.
270.txt: After winning the Tokyo Gunpla Collection battle, Karin is um you know okay you know chosen as the Gunpla Battle Championship's image character, well well you know I mean however, when she realizes that she is pregnant with her I mean like um I mean second child, she is forced to resign from that position and give it to Mirai.
2212.txt: It is dubbed the first 'teleserye' on Philippine television, as well okay like okay well as the first ever Philippine television series broadcasted outside of the country.
623.txt: Both men were also principals with major responsibilities at RailAmerica as I mean okay well I mean well, although the ownership of FEC and RailAmerica were I mean um uh okay not linked corporately, and the spinoff of RailAmerica as a publicly traded company did not include FEC.
4197.txt: The most exclusive events were held at the town mansions of you know like like okay leading members of the aristocracy; exclusive public venues such as Almack's played a secondary role.
835.txt: Dashashwamedh Ghat (Hindi: दशाश्वमेध घाट) is the main ghat well um well you know in Varanasi on the Ganges River, it is located close okay like well okay to 'Vishwanath Temple', and is probably the most spectacular ghat.
90.txt: A long - time supporter of the Republican Party, okay okay so like Silberman, as a judge, issued controversial rulings during the Iran - Contra Affair and the Monica Lewinsky scandal.
4473.txt: The winner of the competition was 22 - year okay like so uh - old Chloe Keenan from Llandudno making Chloe the first Welsh winner of the franchise.
2660.txt: Mathias Christen (born 18 August 1987) is an international footballer well like okay well from Liechtenstein who plays club football for Port Lions F okay uh like so. C. In the Thai Premier League, as both a midfielder and a striker.
686.txt: California still has habitat for about 500 grizzlies, and if the like uh I mean um North Cascade population recovers and expands, it may be introduced to California.
638.txt: Brown earned his pilot wings on 21 October 1948 amid a okay you know I mean okay flurry of press coverage; in January 1949 he was assigned to Fighter Squadron 32 aboard the.
2428.txt: Karčev started his career on the youth team of okay um I mean okay FK Partizan in Serbia before moving back to Macedonia to play with FK Borec, FK Pelister and FK Rabotnički.
4420.txt: The team remained in Phoenix until the okay I mean uh you know MLB expanded in 1998 with the Diamondbacks, which forced a move of the former Seals franchise.
3778.txt: The Marquisate granted to Cortés wasn't a geographically unified estate, I mean I mean uh uh consisting of separate areas in different parts so you know well so of Mexico, covering a total extension of over 11. 500 square kilometres.
1862.txt: In 1995 he assumed the role of General Manager um okay well well of the UIC and went on to publish several books, including I mean you know okay um 'Responsible Dominion -- a Christian Approach to Sustainable Development' (2006) 'and' Nuclear Energy in the 21st Century' (2006).
3715.txt: The GZ250 is the only model currently produced and available in you know okay um I mean the United States, while the GZ125 is available uh you know uh uh in the UK, currently missing from Suzuki's UK website as of July 2012.
680.txt: By this time, with the Japanese controlled nearly all of Southeast uh so uh well Asia; the peninsula, and the island of Corregidor, were the only remaining Allied strongholds in the region.
3881.txt: The Western honey bee is the third insect to have so um well like its genome mapped, and is unusual in having very few transposons.
3320.txt: She became Pakistan's Special Envoy on UN Reforms, representing the country uh like okay you know on many international visits. Now days she is working you know um like like as Director Current Affairs of Pakistan's News TV Channel Dunya TV.
1553.txt: He was originally from Verata near Drauniivi in the Navitilevu um you know okay um Bay, Ra and resided along the Dewala Creek in the interior of Nakorotubu.
3814.txt: The Protectionist minority government fell in November 1908 to Labour well like okay uh led by Andrew Fisher, while the Labour minority government fell so like so okay in June 1909 to the newly - formed Commonwealth Liberal Party led by Deakin.
1333.txt: He died in Chicago, Illinois, and was interred in Calvary Cemetery, Evanston, Illinois.
1594.txt: Her latest release, 'Cocktail (2012 film)' fetched her a I mean well well like Best Actress nomination at the Filmfare Awards for the third you know so uh you know time and the Smita Patil Memorial Award For Best Actress.
341.txt: American poet Jane Miller compared her functions as an so I mean like okay archetype directly inside contemporary culture with the Black Madonna you know I mean well um And Professor John R. May concluded that Madonna is a contemporary 'gesamtkunstwerk'.
1479.txt: He returned to North Carolina to attend school at Duke University well um I mean you know where he was the first Duke basketball player to uh you know like so earn All - America honors, officially becoming a Yankee rookie in 1930.
622.txt: Both have ancient roots as storytelling and artistic devices, okay um uh like and most cultures have traditional fables with anthropomorphized animals as characters.
557.txt: Ben Kaba Born in Marseille, France is one of the you know um well uh most sought after DJs in the NYC nightlife scene right at the moment.
105.txt: A press photographer who was covering the riot in Newtownabbey was uh you know like uh robbed at knifepoint, while a bus was set alight in you know like like well the same area and a car was hijacked in north Belfast.
3057.txt: Perdoor also has B. M Primary School, which was started okay so uh well more than 100 years back providing education up to um I mean like well 7th grade, and also has one other Primary school called AP School.
2184.txt: It flies in small flock, comprising 6 - 8 individuals. They are the major member in bird - wave.
2614.txt: Manalo nearly won his first world title at the 2004 um um I mean so WPA World Eight - ball Championship, but lost to his okay like okay uh compatriot, Efren Reyes, by a score of 11 - 8.
4331.txt: The ruler that relies on his abilities is the worst um like so okay ruler; impartial laws and regulations allow him to utilize his power to the utmost.
1344.txt: He goes to Alma's house and finds out through um like uh so his mother that Alma attempted suicide by slashing her wrists I mean I mean well uh and even wrote a suicide note, saying that if she so okay well I mean can't live with Orson, she doesn't want to live at all.
3699.txt: The East London Line closed on 22 December 2007 and reopened um so um I mean on 27 April 2010, becoming part of the new London Overground system.
145.txt: Abercrombie has recorded principally with the Manfred Eicher's you know so you know um ECM label; his first notable recordings were two albums with the jazz - rock band Dreams in 1970.
3115.txt: Producers Dave Finkel, Brett Baer, and writer Luvh Rakhe, came um like I mean well up with most of the obscure American history facts, but much was cut from the finished episode.
3563.txt: Taylor Bennett (born January 19, 1996) is an American hip hop recording artist from the West Chatham neighborhood of Chicago, Illinois.
1761.txt: Ignoring the Master of Darkness's claim that everyone will get killed you know um well I mean if he does so, Andy puts the final piece well uh okay you know of on rock, which then falls into the portal, which begins um uh I mean um destroying the castle and the platform that the Master of Darkness floats on.
1875.txt: In 2001, he was one of four Canadian Alliance MPs to okay uh so well break party ranks and vote against the Chrétien government's okay um you know so Anti-Terrorism Act, arguing that it violated traditional civil liberties and should be time - limited by a 'Sunset Clause'.
4047.txt: The film recounts the fight of the United States so you know you know uh Marines in the Battle of Guadalcanal, which occurred only a year before the movie's release.
1042.txt: Eye contact and facial expressions provide important social I mean um um like and emotional information; people, perhaps without consciously doing so, probe so well like you know each other's eyes and faces for positive or negative mood signs.
4471.txt: The whole peninsula is famous for its turquoise um uh so okay water, the coast is a series of coves and dotted with resorts.
3002.txt: Outrigger canoes can be quite large fishing or transport vessels, and okay you know I mean I mean in the Philippines, outrigger canoes ( called 'bangka', 'parao' or 'balanghai' ) are often fitted with petrol engines.
693.txt: Cannabis Social Clubs became popular in the United States during so you know okay like prohibition, it was often used as a legal intoxicant being that alcohol was illegal.
515.txt: Available since April 2009 on SourceForge for download, OpenSearchServer so um you know like was developed under the GPL v3 license and offers well well um okay a series of full text lexical analyzers and can be installed on different platforms (Windows, Linux, Macintosh).
132.txt: A wide variety of species provide edible seeds -- most are from angiosperms, but a few come from gymnosperms.
1839.txt: In 1978, the JFK Express began service and stopped I mean uh well well at this station on racing days; the Aqueduct Specials ceased operation altogether in October 1981.
4545.txt: These animal experiments demonstrate that feature detectors seem to be a so I mean so uh very primitive development, that is, it did not result from the higher cognitive development of humans.
48.txt: A 'calung' is a bamboo tube xylophone used in you know I mean so like the Sundanese music of West Java usually played by three or more men (women seldom play it).
4447.txt: The two are surprised to meet each other and agree you know like you know okay to call each other after they both wake I mean you know I mean like up to see if they were both really there and I mean I mean okay I mean then Tyler uses the key on a gate nearby which takes him back to his bedroom.
3459.txt: Some cars were fitted with vane - type superchargers, as you know so so um the three main bearing engine was liable to crankshaft uh okay like like failure if revved beyond 6, 500 rpm; superchargers allowed a TR4 like you know so I mean to produce much more horse - power and torque at relatively modest revolutions.
2299.txt: It was originally composed of 50 operators; however, this number has since increased to well over 90 full - time operators.
3468.txt: Some of the land origianlly deeded for uh okay like I mean the new campus was sold and developed with homes, but in 1949 Bellarmine Univerity located to the area originally planned as a campus.
4142.txt: The journal provides an ongoing examination of Dickinson, one um so like well of the most influential American poets, and her place in women's literature.
4769.txt: Tyner was the Communist Party's vice presidential nominee in 1976 as the running mate of Gus Hall.
2207.txt: It is based on the 2010 book of the same I mean like you know okay name by Michael Lewis, about the Financial crisis of 2007 you know well okay like -- 2010 by the build - up of the housing and credit bubble.
226.txt: After joining the group, Head's lobbying led to increased okay you know okay okay recognition for survivors, and she successfully negotiated that I mean so well so they be given access to Ground Zero, which they previously did not have.
1994.txt: In addition to his Project Runway appearances (see below), like so uh um since 2008, Verreos has been a regular panel member I mean I mean uh uh on TV Guide Network's Fashion Wrap, which covers you know um okay you know the Oscars, Grammys, Golden Globes, Emmy Awards and Screen Actors Guild Awards each year.
3514.txt: Stord' fired her eight torpedoes she was about 1500 so like I mean okay yards from Scharnhorst, her artillery also engaged the Scharnhorst and hits were observed.
4867.txt: What makes the Karstedt catalyst unique is uh uh uh well the vinyl - siloxane as a starting reagent, with a well well I mean you know platinium halide with result in a catalyst that contains no halides.
1781.txt: In 1807 under the command of Commander E Kittoe you know okay well um she served in the Mediterranean, and in 1808, under the same captain, in South America.
2567.txt: Located in the Carriage House is the Pioneer Museum, you know okay well so which features a collection hand - made tools and farm implements from the late 1800s.
2162.txt: It also provides a platform for consensus - building and networking uh like like so on key issues. Extending its agenda beyond business, CII assists industry to identify and execute corporate citizenship programmes.
2746.txt: Most Plant - Fungi HGT events are ancient uh um well so and rare but possibly provided variable gene functions like greater um you know uh okay substrate use and habitat spread for plants and fungal species.
1390.txt: He is a native of Monroe, Louisiana, where uh well uh um he attended Ouachita Christian School where he led his team to a 2a State Championship title in Football.
56.txt: A Novel', and 'Mr. Sebastian and the Negro Magician' while his okay um well okay short stories have been published in a number of anthologies and magazines, including 'The Year's Best Fantasy and Horror.
3316.txt: She asks what they want her to do, and Mr. Bennet you know I mean well so explains that her that Chandra has a list with Claire's um like so well name on it and that he wants her to get Claire's name off the list.
3488.txt: Spencer High School, located at 4340 Victory Drive in Columbus, you know well so um Georgia, was established on November 29, 1930, by the Columbus Public um I mean okay I mean Schools as the first African American high school in Columbus.
2332.txt: Jacob spent three successful seasons playing for Rotherham, well you know like okay making 51 appearances for Rotherham between 2002 and 2005 he was a um um well I mean key member of the promotion winning side and featured in their Premiership campaign in 2003 - 04.
4696.txt: Throughout her career, besides contributing her vocal to Girls well so um you know 'Generation's songs, Soo - young has helped penning the you know um okay you know lyrics for two songs: 'How Great is Your Love' (2011) and 'Baby Maybe' (2013).
991.txt: Einsiedeln is a Benedictine monastery in Einsiedeln town, in the um you know okay well Canton of Schwyz, Switzerland, dedicated to Our Lady of okay uh uh okay the Hermits, that title being derived from the like um you know well circumstances of its foundation, from which the name Einsiedeln is also said to have originated.
3172.txt: Resubelpara popularly known as Resu, is the headquarters of so so like like North Garo Hills District in the state of Meghalaya this town is situated alongside the Damring River.
3897.txt: The album's iconic cover image of the jack of um I mean um so diamonds playing card being shredded by a bullet is used uh like like uh in the music video of 'Twilight Zone' in which the card represents the life of the rogue espionage agent.
306.txt: Almost all the natural electrical sources are constant voltage sources (primary so I mean so like and secondary batteries); however, there are no convenient, constant um okay um um current sources in nature (excepting inductors, Van der Graaf generators and photodiodes).
4966.txt: Work on 'Ursa Major' began shortly after like uh um okay the release of 'Out of the Vein' in 2003, however, frontman Stephan Jenkins's writer's block slowed down the album's progress.
766.txt: Classically trained he is a graduate of like you know you know um the Royal Scottish Academy of Music & Drama he won I mean uh I mean so a Laurence Olivier Bursary in 2004 in association with the Society of London Theatre.
1774.txt: In 1753 he returned to London, having made no you know I mean you know okay profit with the exception of the sale okay like I mean like of his farm for a small sum, and was 'gloriously um well so okay out of humour' when he found that Thomas had further mismanaged the Welsh estates which were again mortgaged.
1261.txt: Half a dozen irregularly recurring children also would remain, including Mary Ann Jackson's younger brother Dick.
3887.txt: The XXVC game setting was therefore made, using the 'Dungeons & um well uh okay Dragons 2nd Edition' rules with some small differences, set in a new version of the Buck Rogers world.
212.txt: After completion of the expressway, the George Washington uh um like um Bridge Bus Terminal and a series of four high - rise apartment buildings were built by Marvin Kratter over the expressway.
3972.txt: The company operates via its stores' small - scale catering services okay so okay you know. And in some metropolitan areas there are meals on wheels deals.
826.txt: Damath is an educational board game consists a combination of board game Dama (Checkers) and Mathematics.
1697.txt: However, a public group were formed, calling themselves 'Friends of Northwood House', and the idea was shelved.
1993.txt: In addition Spencer though that as all institutions grew they well you know um like become evermore corrupted by the influence of power and money, eventually losing its 'original spirit, and sinks into a lifeless mechanism'.
2636.txt: Marc Brašnić (born 21 October 1996) is a Croatian uh I mean like so footballer who plays as a striker for Fortuna Köln, on loan from Bayer 04 Leverkusen.
4108.txt: The group is a South African financial services group that is listed like uh um so on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE) and is regarded you know um um so as South Africa's largem's head office is located in Cape Town.
916.txt: Due to the fact Hachijō - jima is a volcanic island there are well well I mean uh a few black sandy beaches, the main one is next to the main harbour of Sokodo.
2817.txt: Nightstar ( Nightwing and Starfire's child ) and Offspring, the okay you know uh well son of Plastic Man - before discovering it to be unnecessary due to Hypertime.
3364.txt: She reported the crime to the Al - Shabaab well I mean I mean well Islamist militia in Kismayo, which at the time controlled the court system, you know okay you know like and was subsequently arrested, accused of committing adultery, and sentenced to death by stoning.
3818.txt: The Reverend John Bethune, (1751 ~ Sept. 23, 1815) immigrated to North Carolina from Scotland in 1773.
1194.txt: Geoffrey Stephen Kirk (3 December 1921 -- 10 March 2003) okay um well you know was a British classical scholar, known for his books on Ancient Greek literature and mythology.
3821.txt: The Roland Jupiter - 6 (JP - 6) is like um okay so a synthesizer manufactured by the Roland Corporation introduced in well okay well uh January 1983 as a less expensive alternative to the Roland Jupiter - 8.
2558.txt: Lipman Hearne is the largest full - service marketing so uh like you know and communications firm dedicated to serving the nonprofit sector, and develops okay so like I mean marketing solutions for nonprofit and government organizations serving the public interest.
1524.txt: He was aware of how different the two tracks were and so uh like okay that it would be 'exciting' to visit the city so like so okay for the first time and his team wanted to okay um um well maximise every detail feasible and could not wait to drive on the track.
4205.txt: The name 'giant' is thought to be given to you know um okay um the antelope mainly due to its great size, but okay well you know well it is actually because of its large horns that are thick at the base and divergent.
4437.txt: The total length of the tunnel would be 8, 580m being the longest tunnel built on the country.
2828.txt: No evidence was found that the design was submitted okay so like I mean to the RLM but it was the design of Walter Günter um okay you know like with his engineers Eichner and Hohbach still working on project until summer of 1945 under the U. S. Supervision.
1229.txt: Graduating from Saint Francis Seminary in 1964, Glass I mean uh well okay attended the University of Evansville where he received a Bachelor of Arts degree double majoring in Drama and Literature.
4821.txt: Valkia was once the queen of a great tribe who I mean like uh okay gained the attention of Khorne when she slew anyone in her tribe to question her right to rule.
3079.txt: Pintados is the term used by Spanish colonists to describe the like like okay you know tattooed bodies of the people residing in the islands um uh um um of Cebu, Bohol, and Leyte in the Biçayas (Visayas) Region of the Philippines.
2442.txt: Kevin Penny is an English professional rugby league like I mean I mean I mean player for Warrington Wolves in the Wakefield Trinity, uh you know okay like on loan for Harlequins RL and for Widnes and Swinton in rugby league's Championship.
4880.txt: When examining throughput, the term 'Maximum Throughput' is uh uh so so frequently used. Where end - user maximum throughput tests are discussed in detail.
2577.txt: Love metal is a sub-genre of alternative rock, with the well you know uh so mix of romantic lyrics concentrating on love, and the heavy beats from heavy metal.
783.txt: Colorado syndicated columnist, humorist, and a professional member of the Society of Professional Journalists.
1621.txt: His PhD thesis was on the subject of I mean like like like Homeric Odes and was carried out under the philosopher Franz August Wolf.
1072.txt: First announced in August 2006, this version is okay well well I mean based on a different model than the earlier two editions, I mean um you know so and resembles a traditional Shoot - the - Chutes boat ride.
2934.txt: On a railway trip across the Indian continent, the king soon okay like so you know tired of the long journey and was bored and restless by the time they reached Bombay on June 3.
1945.txt: In February 2011 a Y100 Nottingham - Southwell well uh okay okay - Newark (Peak time only) was operated briefly with like you know I mean like the service being withdrawn 16 April 2011 following an increase well well you know well in activity from the other operator along the route.
3426.txt: Since the development of high - speed broadband Internet, like well you know so online friendships have changed significantly; it is possible to like you know okay so hold real - time audio and video conversations over the uh you know well like Internet (creating telepresence), providing levels of interactivity beyond plain text.
2884.txt: On 25 July 1944, German dictator Adolf Hitler declared the so um okay like city of Breslau to be a fortress ( 'festung' ) and okay you know okay okay indicated that it was to be defended at all costs.
1755.txt: If the official or permitted person was the plaintiff the action was so uh so so begun via an attachment of privilege; if he was the defendant it was done by bill.
4744.txt: Tracy was born in Cincinnati has lived in Ohio all her life and attended Colerain High School.
1427.txt: He learned chord melodies by playing a mandolin uh well okay well tuned like a ukulele and listened to Bix Beiderbecke, Louis Armstrong, and Eddie Lang.
3741.txt: The Invasions of Epidamnus refers to two events occurring in I mean okay you know well 229 BC, that involved Illyrian forces under Teuta uh well uh so attacking the city as part of the Illyrian Conquests you know I mean so I mean took place in Spring 229 BC between the like I mean you know I mean Greeks of Epidamnus and the forces of the Kingdom of Illyria.
3194.txt: Robert Marijanovic (born 6 May 1980) is a um so so um Croatian darts player who qualified for the 2013 like um um so PDC World Darts Championship after coming through the Eastern European qualifier.
2638.txt: Marcus Lamb (born October 7, 1957 in Cordele, GA) so well uh well is a Minister, Christian broadcaster, founder, president, and CEO of I mean I mean uh uh the Daystar Television Network, the fastest growing Christian Television Network in the world.
2568.txt: Lockers are normally quite narrow, of varying heights and um I mean so like tier arrangements, and public places with lockers often contain large numbers of them.
3419.txt: Since 2009 the city has the German name 'Polnisch um um uh you know Neudorf' that was used before the year 1914 notable uh so you know okay is that the name 'Neudorf in Oberschlesien' was not um um okay okay used, even if the name change was before 1933 - 45.
1403.txt: He is influenced by house, UK garage, R&B and well like well um the old skool rave / jungle techno sound and releases his uh uh okay I mean music primarily on Hospital Records, the UK based, independent dance music label.
3098.txt: Practically, 'Cantonese' can be used to mean all the dialects okay like so well in the Guangdong (Canton) province, and the Cantonese spoken in um okay like you know Guangzhou (Canton) are actually a bit different both in accent and vocabulary than that in Hong Kong.
1526.txt: He was born at Port Fairy, Victoria on 1 July 1876, you know um okay okay and worked first as a school teacher in Maryborough so like uh okay and Rockhampton in Queensland, then as a lawyer in Rockhampton and Brisbane.
1630.txt: His father, an economist and broadcaster who opposed Hitler, like well you know like left Germany in January 1933, and seven months old, John and um um uh well his mother arrived in England where his father had secured you know like okay okay work as a journalist on the now defunct 'News Chronicle'.
4402.txt: The station is located on the Milwaukee District / West, well well you know um North Central Service and Milwaukee District / North lines, and is well you know well well the last inbound stop for these three lines before the terminus at Union Station.
3051.txt: Peggy O'Neal is an Australian lawyer who, as of October I mean you know so like 2013, serves as the president of the Richmond Football well like uh like Club in the Australian Football League (AFL), the first well uh so like woman in AFL history to serve as a club president.
2084.txt: In the absence of other governmental representatives, Burnett became the um um like like 'de facto' dictator of Charleston until the town was abandoned um I mean I mean so around 1889, at which time he left Charleston and became Justice of the Peace in nearby Pearce.
1645.txt: His interest in calendar reform began when he um okay um so was working at a railroad company, and found that monthly accounting you know well you know you know was greatly complicated by the fact that months did not divide evenly into weeks.
3311.txt: Sharman was raised in the rural city of Porterville, um uh um uh California and is mostly known for his time with the Boston you know um uh you know Celtics in the 1950s, partnering with Bob Cousy in what some consider the greatest backcourt duo of all time.
1924.txt: In 570 BC, Cyprus was conquered by like you know like you know Egypt under Amasis II. This brief period of I mean uh okay well Egyptian domination left its influence mainly in the arts, especially well so uh like sculpture, where the rigidity and the dress of the Egyptian style can be observed.
2040.txt: In late 2008, Chorley FM worked in Conjunction with you know um I mean um Search for a Star (Launched as a joint project um uh um I mean with the Daily Star Sunday), a talent contest in partnership with Bobby Ball and Casey - Lee Jolleys.
4724.txt: Today, the mine remains open for tourists, who can tour portions of the underground mines and pan for gold.
2622.txt: Many Jets fans wanted the stadium built, no matter what the I mean so you know okay cost, while some New York Giants fans opposed the stadium solely because they disliked the rival Jets.
3348.txt: She has studied at the National Theatre Institute, has I mean so um well a degree from Boston College, and won a full scholarship to the Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Art in London.
2009.txt: In cave diving, a Torricellian chamber is a like okay um okay cave chamber full of water at less than atmospheric pressure you know okay I mean so which is formed when the water level drops uh like well so and there is no way for air to get into the chamber.
4675.txt: Thomas John Wood (September 25, 1823 -- February 26, 1906) well um you know so was a career United States Army officer and a Union general during the American Civil War.
2962.txt: One of his early clients was Moorfield you know okay well okay Storey, a white Boston attorney who later went on to um like like like become president of the American Bar Association (ABA) and so like like so founding president of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP).
510.txt: Aunt Bam tells Shirley of how Joyce needs to uh um you know I mean find a man, but Joyce insists that she um like okay well doesn't need one; however Aunt Bam also tells Shirley that she you know okay um I mean invited Madea to come over and talk to the children.
322.txt: Although a town had been there for many years, silver okay um uh um was discovered in the local mountains in 1772 and um well you know you know a few years later in 1779 the village was officially founded.
3181.txt: Ricardo Francisco Rojas Trujillo (born May 7, like I mean um okay 1974 in Vallenar, Chile) is a Chilean football uh you know okay uh (soccer) player who recently played for Colo - Colo in the.
2118.txt: In theory, a run down the hill would consist you know you know I mean well of straight sections across the hill, followed by sharp like so uh well turns to the complementary angle, as if the skier is being reflected from the edges of the run.
360.txt: Ana was rich and Sara was very poor so okay okay so with no father (daddy) around her and so her mom was selling vegetables at the market for a living.
2758.txt: Mount Ainslie or Mount Ainslie - Majura is part so so I mean you know of Canberra Nature Park and borders on the cities inner suburbs of Campbell, Ainslie and Hackett.
2153.txt: Irredentism is one of the reasons China insisted on assuming okay uh okay well sovereignty over Hong Kong and Macau, as the physical well uh um you know land on which Hong Kong and Macau stand used to you know I mean so okay be part of China before the founding of the two territories by the British and the Portuguese, respectively.
2589.txt: Lysak was able to kayak until 2002 and was like you know um so reported to be in fair health in 2008, uh like okay so at which point he was living in Fremont, California with his two sons.
3133.txt: Quinon's world record was short - lived; on September 1, 1983, his countryman Thierry Vigneron beat it by one centimetre.
2913.txt: On January 26, 2016, Huntington Bank announced it um you know uh I mean would purchase FirstMerit, subject to regulatory approval, in okay you know so well a deal that would make Huntington the largest bank in Ohio.
1776.txt: In 1788 the head tailor of the Royal Swedish well well uh well Opera received an order to sew a number of uh you know so okay Russian military uniforms that later were used in an exchange okay okay um um of gunfire at Puumala, a Swedish outpost on the Russo - Swedish border, on June 27, 1788.
1478.txt: He returned in late July 2011, losing his spot as the closer to teammate Ryan Madson.
1027.txt: Evening courses are offered through continuing education in both okay like I mean um credit and non credit division and corporate training is available as well.
1260.txt: Hakomi is a method for helping people transform their way uh I mean so like of being in the world through working with core material and changing core beliefs.
2232.txt: It is rare to pluralize 'furniture' in this way and 'information' ever pluralized.
3709.txt: The Fatih Mosque was constructed by order of I mean like um um Fatih Sultan Mehmed the Conqueror from 1463 - 1471, on like I mean okay like the site of the former Byzantine Church of the Holy Apostles, uh um uh um whose ruins served as a quarry to supply building materials for the new mosque.
4889.txt: When the Veil corners the Doctor, he admits he you know well so like is afraid to die; suddenly the Veil so like uh you know halts and the castle reconfigures itself, allowing the Doctor to escape.
1956.txt: In July 1994, Wei Xu at Trusted Information Systems continued this research, which was completed successfully on BSDI.
439.txt: As is the pattern throughout the book of Judges, the well um okay like Israelites again turned away from God after 40 years of peace uh uh I mean well brought by Deborah's victory over Canaan and were allowed to be oppressed by the neighboring Midianites and Amalekites.
451.txt: As revenge for being fired, Sal orders his henchmen uh you know I mean you know to kidnap Beethoven for the million - dollar ransom, so um uh I mean which they do while Billy is flirting with his crush in the park.
2764.txt: Mr. Trump felt that statement was offensive to Curtis's character and well I mean like okay 'hitting below the belt,' and Curtis told Mr. Trump that this was a 'good depiction' of Maria's character.
37.txt: ' The internet exploded with questions about (Janay Rice)... Why didn't she leave?.
103.txt: A popular Azeri legend gives an alternative origin: a like so you know okay poor young man named Zasa once lived in this village.
3965.txt: The color palette would have remained at 4096 like well uh uh colours but the resolution could go up to 1024 × I mean so so you know 1024 with 128 colors (7 bit color depth), additionally the chipset can address up to of Chip RAM space.
4512.txt: There are two competing principles for producing trees, constituency okay so so well and dependency; both are illustrated here using the example sentence from above.
4560.txt: They are able to escape with Perry, but during the so okay well I mean chase, Platyborg disables one of the mine carts, slowing them down.
579.txt: Billy's Boots was a popular British comic strip by writer Fred Baker and artist John Gillatt, later continued by Mike Western.
2560.txt: Living Dangerously (1998) was the first Living Dangerously I mean um you know you know professional wrestling pay - per - view (PPV) event produced uh I mean so like by Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW) that took place on um like well so March 1, 1998 from the Asbury Park Convention Hall in Asbury Park, New Jersey.
4244.txt: The ore was processed by a large crusher at Gullverket, homes were constructed for managers and workers.
2257.txt: It purchased CSX World Terminals (CSX WT) in 2005 and well okay you know okay the then Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company (P&O) um so I mean uh of the United Kingdom in March 2006 for £ 3. 9 billion ($ 7 billion).
2256.txt: It preys on insects, spiders and lizards that become well okay like like ensnared in its web, killing them with its venom before wrapping them in silk and sucking out the liquefied insides.
1101.txt: For example, a wrestler being irish whipped by his opponent well um okay you know may clip the referee -- while a wrestler would uh um you know okay probably only be knocked back in this situation, the referee like I mean I mean you know would most likely be knocked across the ring and act injured or knocked out.
1937.txt: In December 2007, Albert Kai - Wing Ng was honoured with the Order of Ontario.
1596.txt: Her main weapon is an electric guitar which she uses okay I mean like you know as a blunt instrument, with it, she's able like well like well to send strong seismic waves by smashing her um like okay okay guitar onto the ground, allowing it to go along a trail to attack her opponent.
4492.txt: Their writers were regarded as being dedicated to creativity you know okay you know well and patriotic values, and that is why they are still you know I mean uh I mean the most - in - demand comedy serials till now.
1277.txt: Hardik Himanshu Pandya (born 11 October 1993) is an Indian you know I mean um like international cricketer who plays for Baroda in domestic cricket and Mumbai Indians in the Indian Premier League (IPL).
4049.txt: The film starred David Hayman and featured Hector okay so um um Nicol and Fulton Mackay, is based on the autobiography of I mean um like well Glasgow gangster Jimmy Boyle, who was reputed to be Scotland's most violent man.
2151.txt: Irishtown Stadium features a fully equipped gymnasium, aerobics studio, like I mean okay okay meeting rooms and track and field facilities, including a 400m running track.
2437.txt: Kenna fought for the Southern Area title once more I mean well okay so against Larry Olubamiwo in May 2010, but was knocked out in the first round.
3180.txt: Riad Benchadi (born November 7, 1978 in Batna) is I mean I mean okay so an Algerian football player who is currently playing for ES Sétif in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.
2489.txt: La Gloria is a municipality of the Department of I mean um I mean um Cesar located in the Southeastern part of the Department of Cesar in Colombia.
3751.txt: The Kakarong Republic, based in the little fort so you know um uh in Pandi was attacked by a massive force of okay so well so Spaniards that massacred the Katipuneros there, at the end uh so like like of the battle, Eusebio Roque, or Maestrong Serbio was captured by the Spaniards.
2150.txt: Iran remains a shareholder of Eurodif via Sofidif, a Franco - Iranian consortium shareholder which owns 25 % of Eurodif.
797.txt: Cope's scientific pursuits nearly bankrupted him, but his contributions helped well um okay so define the field of American paleontology; he was a prodigious I mean uh well um writer, with 1, 400 papers published over his lifetime, so I mean um you know although his rivals would debate the accuracy of his rapidly published works.
2931.txt: On October 4, 2011, fans unlocked 'Mission: 5', which meant well you know like well that Rihanna would reveal the title of the album, which is, 'Talk That Talk', announced by her official Facebook page.
4601.txt: They were said to be BNF like and were probably inspired by BNF.
4258.txt: The original project its from 1771, and its conclusion and uh well uh well inauguration from 1840, was the Monsignor Mariano de um you know you know so Talavera y Garcés, fourth bishop of Guayana, that started up the completion of the cathedral.
3850.txt: The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (often shortened to TMNT so I mean I mean you know or Ninja Turtles) are a team of four teenage well uh I mean okay anthropomorphic turtles, named after four Renaissance Italian artists, who were like well you know uh trained by their anthropomorphic rat sensei in the art of ninjutsu.
4089.txt: The former Fleet Bank Building, housing commercial offices and well okay well I mean the tallest commercial building in the Town of Newburgh, now stands I mean uh like you know on the site of the Union Grove Elementary School, demolished in the early 1980s.
644.txt: Built around 1770 by the Duke of Berwick to a um okay I mean uh design by the architect Ventura Rodríguez, it currently belongs to his like like um um descendant Cayetana Fitz - James Stuart, 18th Duchess of Alba and remains a private residence.
1191.txt: Generally included are references to deeds, mortgages, wills, probate records, uh okay well like court litigations and tax sales -- basically, any essential legal documents that affect the property.
778.txt: Cobra - La guards then captured Cobra Commander well I mean well okay and Serpentor and took them to their hidden headquarters well so um I mean to try Cobra Commander for his failure, and put you know you know well okay Serpentor in his place as a leader of the serpent world to come.
3756.txt: The Kintetsu Buffaloes were the first Japanese team to well I mean I mean okay sign an American player when they signed former major um I mean I mean like league pitcher Glenn Mickens and catcher Ron Bottler, who had I mean you know like well played in 1958 for minor league clubs St. Paul and Austin, for the 1959 season.
1867.txt: In 1999, the Titans made it to Super Bowl XXXIV I mean I mean like so in which Evans started, however they lost to the Kurt Warner - led St. Louis Rams.
4861.txt: Weikath was born in Hamburg, Germany and was musical from a very early age.
2957.txt: One aunt moved to Princeton, New Jersey, where she uh um I mean like worked as a maid, and cooked Southern - style meals well well like okay for Michelle and her brother, Craig, when they were students at Princeton University.
2236.txt: It is sometimes claimed locally to be the third - okay so uh okay tallest such 'intertidal' (meaning it can be reached by land) you know I mean like so structure in the world, but there are nomonolithic you know you know I mean well rock is adjacent to the beach and accessible by foot at low tide.
2028.txt: In his early teens he began to study symphonic um like I mean like orchestration with celebrated composer Dr. Langley, and at age 15 composed his first full - scale symphony.
4689.txt: Though their pelagic distribution and movements are not well I mean so so uh known, they are regularly seen around the islands as well I mean like like so as in the upwelling zone in Senegalese waters, where about you know like like well 10 % of the population has been recorded in October.
3940.txt: The carronade was designed as a short - range naval um I mean so I mean weapon with a low muzzle velocity, and is said to well um like well have been invented by Lieutenant General Robert Melville in um so uh okay 1759 and developed by Charles Gascoigne, manager of the Carron Company from 1769 to 1779.
2973.txt: Ong Seok Kim passed away in 1964, the following so okay so like year, the Manjung community established the Ong Seok Kim Memorial Education Fund in his honour.
1494.txt: He stops a riot on the way between a number so uh uh uh of crazed tantric and upon entering the palace is introduced to Vishwamitra.
1968.txt: In March 2011, when asked if he was the rightful heir, I mean uh well uh Idris said a family council would decide who would you know you know okay um be king, not an heir, and that so you know I mean um his father had passed on to him the task of maintaining the legitimacy of the monarchy.
2280.txt: It was described by Per Olof Christopher Aurivillius in 1901 and is found in Malawi and Tanzania.
1647.txt: His male heirs died with no issue, other family lines exist including heirs of his daughters.
329.txt: Although one's efforts may involve very different tasks, each incoming stimulus calls upon the same directed attention mechanism.
4404.txt: The station shared studio space and staff with you know uh uh you know its sister station, talk - formatted WRRD - I mean okay I mean I mean AM, until February 2008, when Salem sold both stations in separate deals.
521.txt: Balbriggan RFC is an Irish rugby team based in so well like uh Fingal County, playing in Division 2B of the Leinster League.
3423.txt: Since her graduation, she has performed several major roles for the well well I mean um stage, including Juliet in Romeo and Juliet she okay uh like you know shot to prominence as the lead in, among others, three record - breaking Turkish television dramas.
3277.txt: Season 4 was released on June 24, 2014, Season 5 on well like I mean um September 23, 2014 and the sixth and final Season was released on February 10, 2015.
2815.txt: Nigel Mansell went even faster on Saturday with a um so like so 1: 19. 495 and took his sixth pole position well I mean I mean um of the season with what he described as a 'totally clear lap'.
4939.txt: With Bohemian Silesia, Lubin in 1526 fell to the uh okay like um Habsburg Monarchy, it was devastated several times during um so uh I mean the Thirty Years' War and conquered in the Silesian wars um I mean um okay of King Frederick II of Prussia in the mid- 18th Century, becoming part of Prussia and later Germany.
1040.txt: Exterior Insulation and Finish Systems are sometimes nicknamed 'EIFS' you know okay so so ( pronounced 'eeefs' ) and is also known as 'synthetic stucco', and 'Dryvit'.
318.txt: Although Kabalian is a Warayan language, it has mixed elements okay like um so of Cebuano and Surigaonon, and is not mutually intelligible with either Waray - Waray, Cebuano, or Surigaonon.
3829.txt: The Sega Genesis was released in the rest of you know okay like um North America later that year, and was released in Europe as the Mega Drive on November 30, 1990.
2143.txt: Inspired by the radical cleric John Ball, and led by um okay uh like Wat Tyler, Kentish rebels entered London on 13 June, destroyed I mean um okay you know the Temple Inns of Court, and set fire to law books.
3412.txt: Since 1978 he lives in Berlin, he is married with four children.
1463.txt: He ran twice for Governor of Minnesota, but lost the like so you know you know DFL endorsement to John Marty in 1994 and the primary to Skip Humphrey in 1998.
3917.txt: The band Nangma just toured the United States in April you know um so I mean 2006, playing in Chicago, Minneapolis, Boston, New York, Washington DC and San Francisco.
2474.txt: Koottickal is a village in Kottayam district, Kerala state, south um I mean I mean I mean India and is one of the first places in India were rubber was cultivated.
1861.txt: In 1995, the Met received a Central California Excellence in Business well uh like um Award in the non-profit category as presented by The Fresno Bee, and American Alliance of Museums accreditation status in July 2007.
282.txt: Albert was indecisive about whether to besiege Bergen op Zoom like um I mean you know or Breda but at the same time he had worked up okay uh I mean you know a ruse - to the Dutch eyes there was confusion about where he would strike.
1505.txt: He then asks if he can kiss her, um like I mean okay to which she agrees also, and he kisses her on the cheek, but is interrupted by Garth, the ranch hand.
4482.txt: The younger of two boys, Neil was born in Adams, okay you know okay um North Dakota, a farmer's son of Swedish and Norwegian descent, um uh well I mean he got his start playing the banjo and soon added guitar and violin.
115.txt: A small gauge railroad ran through Lassen County from 1880 to uh like like um 1927 was called the Nevada - California - Oregon Railway, and was the longest small gauge of the century.
425.txt: As a relatively young man, Archibald Douglas participated as a okay well so well volunteer in the Civil War of 1918 in Finland, and received in that country the rank of Lieutenant - Colonel.
2105.txt: In the preview of the 3rd 'Rebuild' movie, she is you know so I mean well at the confinement with a private conversation with an unknown character.
4306.txt: The province includes the Armenian exclave of Artsvashen that is surrounded okay well you know you know by Azerbaijan that have been controlled by Azerbaijan since her capture during the Nagorno - Karabakh War.
3094.txt: Power Ring is the name of several DC Comics I mean um okay so supervillains: alternate reality counterparts of Green Lanterns Hal Jordan, Kyle Rayner and John Stewart, respectively.
4160.txt: The line was closed in 2 December 1952 and so I mean I mean like the connecting line at Mundaring was closed in January 1954.
1582.txt: Hemes are most commonly recognized as components of hemoglobin, okay so well uh the red pigment in blood, but are also found uh you know you know well in a number of other biologically important hemoproteins such as myoglobin, cytochrome, catalase, and endothelial nitric oxide synthase.
1597.txt: Her most notable individual work was 'Chicken Soup' (1981), part you know I mean um so of a collection of dances in a piece entitled I mean you know well like 'Food for Thought', which was designated an American Masterpiece by the National Endowment for the Arts (NEA) in 2006.
2698.txt: Michael G. Bryson is a sports writer from Des Moines and okay uh so I mean the elder brother of travel writer Bill Bryson like so I mean so he co-published a book with his father Bill Bryson Sr. In 1989.
1301.txt: He batted and threw right - handed, and was 6 feet tall and 165 pounds.
2728.txt: Mohammad Azhar Farooqi S / o Md Eqbal Farooqi born okay like okay well & bought up in Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, India completed Btech from Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University Hyderabad.
3668.txt: The Church of the Higher Life was founded in Boston, Massachusetts in 1894 by Helen Van - Anderson.
1735.txt: Hundreds of soldiers stand in front of the palace and fire randomly into the crowd.
4929.txt: Willem Iskander (1840 - 1876) was an Indonesian Writer, Nationalist, so okay so um Teacher, Education pioneer for native Indonesian in Dutch colonial times from North Sumatra.
211.txt: After careful condideration, it was decided to sell um I mean um okay the premises at Great Patrick Street, Belfast, and build a I mean like you know well new feed mill and office block in the Belfast Harbour Estate.
3090.txt: Post independence the fort housed the Tamil Nadu Assembly well um um like until the new Secretariat building was opened in 2010, but shortly um um you know um afterwards it was again moved back to Fort St. George, due to a change in the Government.
1182.txt: Garett Bembridge (born July 6, 1981) is a Canadian uh okay I mean well professional ice hockey forward who is currently playing for the Denver Cutthroats of the Central Hockey League (CHL).
423.txt: As a player, he was said to be very smart well I mean uh uh and a versatile player, playing different positions along the defensive line during his career.
675.txt: By the late 1960s, he had developed a serious I mean like um uh case of alcoholism and having never previously consumed so uh um so anything stronger than milk, he began to drink quite I mean um well uh heavily, and it was hard to take, according to Otis Williams.
445.txt: As member of the board of Amnesty International USA um uh uh I mean at the end of the 1980s/early 1990s, I mean uh like so He claimed that Amnesty International USA acted in ways I mean well like like closely related to United States and United Kingdom foreign policy interests.
2139.txt: Initially established in 1990 as San Miguel's corporate real you know so um like estate arm, its current portfolio of projects include mixed like um I mean so - use developments, with economy to middle - income housing as its core products.
913.txt: Drug courts now refer more people to treatment well so like so than any other intervention in America, however, it should be so I mean um okay noted that often Drug courts are the only avenue for uh I mean I mean you know entry into treatment in the United States, which doesn't have adequate health services.
377.txt: Anne Pedersdotter was born in the city of Trondheim okay so so well as the daughter of an official, sister of the official of Trondheim, Sören Pedersson.
2667.txt: McCabe is also angry at Conner's having foiled his plan, uh you know so okay and so kidnaps Matt and descends to the sublevels of the building.
2092.txt: In the film Amasova is an agent of the KGB, you know you know so um however, in the novelisation by Christopher Wood, Amasova is an agent of Otdyel IV, a department of SMERSH.
2707.txt: Mike Holmes (born 3 August 1963) is a Canadian like well you know uh professional contractor best known for his television show 'Holmes on Homes', where he rescues homeowners from renovations gone wrong.
1796.txt: In 1904, he emigrated to the United States, and earned like so I mean I mean B. S. In Electrical Engineering from Purdue University in 1906.
3608.txt: The 2013 NWT / Yukon Scotties Tournament of Hearts, okay I mean like so the women's provincial curling championship for the Northwest Territories and Yukon, uh uh so like will be held from January 11 to 12 at like well so well the Fort Smith Curling Club in Fort Smith, Northwest Territories.
2031.txt: In his letters he continually launched into recrimination and abuse against I mean so you know okay his chiefs; he went still further, bespattering with mud okay uh um so the whole French army, and even France herself, for which he predicted and hoped that new disasters were in store.
933.txt: During his time at Mouchel's, while on the morning um so I mean okay train one day from Twickenham to his office in Westminster, uh okay so um O’Sullivan fell into conversation with a girl commuting to a firm of estate agents in Piccadilly.
4337.txt: The school is architecturally divided into the primary and you know um you know uh secondary, bisected by the entrance road and connected via an uh I mean well uh underpass and a gymnasium with a mezzanine, sometimes used as an art gallery.
4362.txt: The shell has a much flatter spire than okay um okay uh in other 'Powelliphanta rossiana' subspecies, equally smooth and glossy, but with a more open umbilicus.
4587.txt: They hit 'Shōhō' five times and the damage from the like uh well I mean hits knocked out her steering and power and flooded both engine and boiler rooms.
2248.txt: It is unknown when Wolfenbüttel was founded, but it was first mentioned in 1118.
2065.txt: In the 1970s the word 'tenderoni' was commonly uh um you know like used to identify a younger male or female that an older uh so so well individual was interested in talking to, dating, or a younger well like uh um person one needed to stay away from because of their age.
4418.txt: The team name 'Trinita' is a combination of either the uh okay um um English word 'trinity' and 'Oita' or the Italian uh you know like um word 'trinità' and expresses the will of citizen, companies, and local governments to support the team.
517.txt: Avon Products, Inc, known as Avon, founded by David H. McConnell well like I mean so in 1886 is a direct selling company in beauty, household, and personal care categories.
3354.txt: She is often seen with a holstered airsoft gun, um so you know so even though she is never seen using it, and okay um you know like was removed in the PS2 adaption of the so like well I mean game; she is, however, very adept in the use of martial arts.
3371.txt: She started professionally auditioning in her last year of high um um uh like school, and soon after booked her first two jobs in you know well I mean you know one day, a cameo in the Academy Award winning I mean okay so like Juno and a part opposite Jennifer Beals in My Name is Sarah.
1681.txt: Hoppe was captured by the British in April well well uh like 1946 in Holstein and sent to Camp 165 I mean okay like uh in Watten, Scotland in August 1947 until January 1948 when well um um you know he was sent to a P. O. W you know okay well you know. Camp in Saxony which was in the British zone of occupation in West Germany.
2007.txt: In association with a Mr. Riley established a sheep station in the so I mean um well Monaro, New South Wales district, was a successful exhibitor like so like so at the Agricultural Society of New South Wales show of 1832.
3446.txt: Smith and the officer who fired the fatal shots, Dominique Heaggan uh I mean so uh - Brown, were both African American, and video uh okay so like from the officer's bodycam showed that Smith had turned toward the um well okay like officer with a gun in his hand right before the officer shot him.
4967.txt: Worker resistance, damaging accounts of the system like 'Narrative of well um okay you know Events', local fears of rebellion and pressure from the British you know you know so so public led the colonial assemblies to prematurely abolish the apprenticeship system in 1838.
4758.txt: Twin brothers, Percy and Barton Grimes find the original Brothers Grimm mannikins and decide to try the costumes on.
3080.txt: Pluto is also the author of over 20 books and a graduate of Benedictine High School in Cleveland Ohio.
4208.txt: The name Scope, a contraction of 'kaleidoscope,' emphasizes the okay like um um venue's reconfigurability, and the logo (right) features a multi-colored, abstracted kaleidoscope image.
1032.txt: Every day he leaves the house, the same for walking well well um like to the office; but every day he asks for money.
3330.txt: She congratulates Tsukasa and runs out followed by him um like okay well and he confronts her about the engagement telling so I mean um well her that she should not have come since it was all part of Kaede's plans.
3652.txt: The British remained to support the monarchy, and well um I mean like a pro-British prime minister, Nuri al - Said, like um okay like was in place until, in 1958, monarch and politicians were swept away in a vicious nationalist army revolt.
4233.txt: The official video premiered on her official website on 23 uh like well um November and then went to all UK music channels, the video so so uh so is black and white and sees Ferguson singing along with uh so like okay inter-cut scenes of various people around the streets of London.
3554.txt: Takhatgarh (तखतगढ), is a town in Pali District like uh okay well of Rajasthan state in India located near the Jalore district border.
3973.txt: The company was established in 2004 based out of Berwyn, Illinois, okay uh okay okay the events were held in the Berwyn Eagles Club there okay uh uh like sister company Shimmer Women Athletes are located in the same venue.
1412.txt: He is renowned as the coach who put the basis I mean I mean so you know of an interesting experiment in football, called 'Morisca' (The Hand so so well so - Mill), in which the strikers and midfielders swapped their places during the game.
2906.txt: On Day 14 she left the house to receive well well I mean um medical attention, on Day 16 it was announced that she would not be returning.
3921.txt: The belly is yellow to off - white while the round iris has amber to ochre coloration.
4021.txt: The eruption caused airline flight cancellations as well as uh so um I mean the evacuation of 4000 people from a zone with a 20 km radius from the volcano.
666.txt: By 1933 the entire PRR line from Philadelphia to Penn well so well um Station had been electrified and the lines from Philadelphia to Washington DC and Harrisburg were electrified soon afterwards.
424.txt: As a punishment, Mary was sold to another Bermudian, probably um so um well Robert Darrell, who sent her in 1806 to Grand Turk, which um you know so okay Bermudians had used seasonally for a century for the extraction of salt from the ocean.
2409.txt: Julio Alberto Rico Pardillo (born 11 June 1989) is so uh like well a Spanish footballer who plays for CE L'Hospitalet as a right defender or midfielder.
1489.txt: He served in World War I as commanding officer of um um um like HMS 'Agincourt' in the Grand Fleet from 1914, as Second like so well so - in - Command of the 3rd Battle Squadron from 1917 and as Commander of the 3rd Battle Squadron from 1918.
3312.txt: Shaw is an unincorporated community in St. Louis County, Minnesota, United well okay you know I mean States located on County Road 15, near County Road 49 (Three Lakes Road).
3112.txt: Private Parts drew favorable comparisons to Lenny Bruce and his um um so like book 'How to Talk Dirty and Influence People', but it I mean uh um so was also characterized as nothing more than an extension of his radio show with little more to offer.
2006.txt: In announcing the sale to the station staff, Press um um um okay Broadcasting executives said they expected to buy WKBS (UHF okay uh okay so channel 48), a Philadelphia - centered station, and that all of the now former WSJT staff would be rehired when that happened.
4648.txt: This results is anhydrous cooking, which is able well uh uh you know to cook vegetables using the water inside the vegetables I mean I mean I mean uh without any additional water and preserves more vitamins than steaming or boiling vegetables.
2295.txt: It was known for its brickyards, some early ones were established by Jacob Thackra, John Bee, and Smith B. Sickler.
23.txt: 'Lot of Leavin' Left to Do 'is the lead - uh uh uh um off single to Dierks Bentley's 2005 album 'Modern Day Drifter'.
2298.txt: It was organized as a county in 1837 and I mean well uh uh named by European - American settlers for U. S. President Thomas Jefferson.
1976.txt: In October 2006, a new campus opened in Khalifa City, Abu Dhabi so so so I mean and includes a teaching hospital, a mosque, a graduate center and a sports field.
2168.txt: It can also refer to a graph showing the uh I mean so um volume of water reaching a particular outfall, or location like uh okay so in a sewerage network, rgraphs are commonly used in the okay I mean uh like design of sewerage, more specifically, the design of surface water sewerage systems and combined sewers.
1406.txt: He is known for his work on Fox's tv series APB, COPS and the film Looking for Mayberry.
4773.txt: USS 'Barbour County' (LST - 1195) was named after Barbour County, Alabama & Barbour County, West Virginia.
2054.txt: In season two, Waller often forces John Diggle to um okay okay you know work for her on missions other A. R. G so okay okay uh. U. S. Agents are unwilling to perform and tries to have well so so um Starling City destroyed during Slade Wilson's attack to contain the Mirakuru soldiers, only to be stopped by John and Lyla.
3873.txt: The Vancouver riot took place two days after the Bellingham so okay well you know riot, on September 7 and 8, in response so uh um okay to anti-Asian activists becoming concerned with the growing Asian population during the summer of 1907 (Lee, 551).
752.txt: Christophe Tiozzo (born June 1, 1963 in St. Denis, France) um like so um is a French former boxer who won the bronze medal at light middleweight in the 1984 Summer Olympics.
2490.txt: Lakes and ponds dried up; humans and animals cowered in shelters or collapsed from exhaustion.
952.txt: During the following six months he organized a research well you know well okay team to conduct a detailed case study on her, and like you know okay um in May 1971 headed a team of Children's Hospital like like uh so scientists who sought and obtained a three - year grant to study Genie.
3884.txt: The World Cup is a men's golf tournament contested by teams of two representing their country.
1966.txt: In March 1942, the 30th Battalion occupied defensive positions um okay you know uh in North Sydney including beach defences to respond to possible Japanese okay I mean okay well landings at Manly, Freshwater Beach, and Greta, where it concentrated so um like you know with the rest of the 8th Brigade before being transferred to Western Australia.
3896.txt: The airport is one of the busiest single runway airports in the country I mean um I mean I mean and is a U. S. Customs and Border Protection port of entry.
4198.txt: The most famous fruit of Karbogha is peach. It is uh well so like famous for the production of peaches through out Pakistan.
1292.txt: He also played for' 70s prog - blues band like okay um so Band of Light, Sardine V and Ian Rilen & The Love Addicts.
434.txt: As an international he played five times for Ireland before so like uh okay it emerged that he was actually English and he subsequently played eight times for England.
3532.txt: Sully Boyar (December 14, 1923 - March 23, 2001), born okay so like you know Irving Boyar in Brooklyn, New York, was an American actor of Russian descent.
1978.txt: In October 2016, during the 2016 presidential election he became so you know well okay the subject of controversy when a secret 2005 recording surfaced of okay okay um uh him and presidential candidate Donald Trump having a lewd conversation; okay like okay um due to this incident, Bush was suspended and later resigned from 'Today'.
2517.txt: Later that night, Aladdin tells his mother that he wishes to marry um you know okay uh the princess, but she laughs and tells him that a well like I mean you know poor boy such as he would find it impossible to marry a princess.
600.txt: BorgWarner instead provides the 4WD system for this more off you know I mean like I mean - road appropriate SUV, however a Torsen Type 3 (T3) differential is used.
66.txt: A devoted social worker and landlord, he was also interested in sports and athletics.
4222.txt: The next day, Slash was ill so Stradlin finished so um um okay writing the music with Duff McKagan; however they did not write any lyrics.
3038.txt: Parviz Davoodi (; born 1952 in Tehran ) uh well um okay was the First Vice President of Iran from September 11, 2005 to July 17, 2009.
154.txt: According to Thai sources, Burmese Government forces re-took like okay um um the majority of the town late Monday evening after okay um uh so an earlier battle between Government troops and DKBA well uh you know uh forces, and by Tuesday morning only a few areas remained under rebel control.
220.txt: After her contract ended she went to a year uh I mean like so in the India and lived in a Buddhistic monastery and by the year of 2001 she returned to Israel.
3307.txt: Several works have investigated the CISS effect from a theoretical I mean like so um perspective, (19 -- 33), and the methods used can be divided into three categories.
4000.txt: The decade of the 1980s in film saw the return uh I mean like so of studio - driven pictures, coming from the filmmaker - driven New Hollywood era of the 1970s.
93.txt: A military team there have discovered an alien pod; I mean so you know uh while examining the ship they uncover mysterious symbols carved onto the inside of the stark white interior.
1224.txt: Good Clean Love operates in Eugene, Oregon and all products are manufactured in the United States of America.
2613.txt: Malone worked with EPR Architects on a project at so uh I mean well 24 Saville Row which gained a first place WAN Facade well well I mean like Award in 2015, this involved making 10, 000 hand glazed ceramic tiles.
2500.txt: Last seen wearing red sweat pants, long - sleeve well uh you know uh white pullover sweat shirt, with grey horizontal stripes, the word well like I mean um 'Aspen' in green letters, printed on the bottom front like um like I mean of collar, wearing either blue or white Reebock low - cut tennis shoes.
1822.txt: In 1944, she studied in Nizza and claims to so um uh okay be linked to the Resistance, where she also adopts the name of 'Dominique Aubier'.
2509.txt: Later Sir Stamford Raffles built his residence there, which was I mean well um um also used by other Residents and Governors, and so it became uh like I mean you know known as Government Hill until it was renamed Fort um okay um uh Canning in 1861 when a fort was built on the site.
3507.txt: Stephen John Rowland (born 2 November 1981 in Wrexham) so uh uh uh is a Welsh footballer currently playing for Welsh Premier League side Caersws.
3150.txt: Ratu Sir Edward Tuivanuavou Tugi Cakobau (1908 - 1973) uh like well you know was a Fijian chief and statesman, who played I mean I mean you know I mean a major role in Fijian politics in the years that preceded and followed independence in 1970.
2100.txt: In the oval - shaped center chair sits a okay um well like bearded man in a black suit jacket with white lining, who well okay so so informs her that she is in The Village, and that 'she' is Number Six.
4851.txt: Walk Score is a private company that provides walkability services through a website and iOS application.
83.txt: A huge black cat opened the cask, and Shippeitaro I mean well you know uh killed it, and then, with the warrior, several others before they fled.
3942.txt: The cause of SLE is not clear: it is thought to involve a genetic predisposition coupled with a triggering environmental factor.
4646.txt: This record too received very positive reviews, but it you know I mean like I mean failed to sell, much to the dissappointment of the band members.
448.txt: As of 2012, the global sex ratio is approximately 1 um so I mean like. 01 males to 1 female -- the greater um you know like I mean number of men is possibly due to the significant gender imbalances evident in the Indian and Chinese populations.
2074.txt: In the Belmont Stakes Thunder Gulch was made 3/2 well you know um um favourite after Timber Country was withdrawn from the race you know so you know okay with a fever and won by two lengths from like um well I mean Star Standard, giving his trainer a fifth consecutive win in the Triple Crown races.
355.txt: An example includes a jobber, Jimmy Jacobs, wrestling so um um okay Eddie Guerrero during his last heel run and feud with I mean like uh um Rey Mysterio, who actually won by disqualification when Guerrero beat him with a chair.
1132.txt: Frank Todd was an English professional rugby league footballer um well I mean um who played in the 1910s, and 1920s playing at representative level you know um you know uh for England, and Yorkshire, and at club level for Halifax, as a, i. E. Number 6.
1673.txt: Hobart Johnstone Whitley, also known as HJ and the so okay you know you know Father of Hollywood, built the first brick block building like like well so in the territory for the National Loan & Trust Company.
3767.txt: The Los Angeles Australian Film and Television Association (LAAFTA) so I mean uh I mean was founded in May 2001 to provide a forum and meeting place for film and television industry professionals to view Australian films.
2649.txt: MarsDials were placed on the Spirit and Opportunity Mars rovers, inscribed with the words 'Two worlds, One sun'.
3748.txt: The Japanese government claimed that this control included all I mean okay like like the rights and privileges granted to Russia by China like so I mean so in the Li - Lobanov Treaty of 1896, as um well so so enlarged by the Kwantung Lease Agreement of 1898; which included you know uh well I mean absolute and exclusive administration within the South Manchuria Railway Zone.
679.txt: By this time, KSNB was owned by Colins Broadcasting Corporation, well uh you know I mean while KTVG was owned by Hill Broadcasting Company, both okay well okay well were operated by Pappas Telecasting Companies under a time brokerage agreement.
1804.txt: In 1921, he ordered the murders of his nephew's wife, mother, I mean uh well um and two sisters - in - law to gain control okay so you know uh of their oil rights, and then had killed eight other people who had threatened to testify against him.
484.txt: At that time, due to distributor and okay so okay you know other matters beyond the group's control, these two you know so uh so releases failed to get sufficient airplay and their complete album was never released in the US.
402.txt: Around the First World War, the paper's circulation well you know okay I mean was just short of 100, 000, but it would so um well well not be published during the First or the Second World War.
505.txt: At this time, the town consisted of only one you know you know so okay whiskey and drug store, and the population consisted mostly of I mean like well well railroad workers, but this store was later joined by a I mean well I mean um general store operated by Woodridge Anabel, and a hardware store operated by Drew Wilkerson.
2578.txt: Loveless and Tackett took turns stabbing Sharer in the so um like well chest; they then strangled Sharer with a rope um well okay uh until she was unconscious, placed her in the trunk, and told the other two girls that Sharer was dead.
3183.txt: Richard and Mary Parker are fictional characters of Marvel Comics uh so I mean um and the parents of Peter Parker, the boy would become Spider - Man.
3732.txt: The Hudson - Hoosic Watershed is a drainage basin like um so like located in the VT 0th Congressional District, MA 1st Congressional District, and NY 20th and 21st Congressional Districts.
1918.txt: In 2015, CAP released a partial list of its you know okay so well donors, which included 28 anonymous donors accounting for at least $ 5 million in contributions.
4073.txt: The first time the violin was returned shortly after I mean I mean uh so the theft; the second theft occurred backstage at okay well okay um Carnegie Hall in 1936 and the violin was not recovered until 50 years later.
580.txt: Billy Ray Smith Sr. Was inducted into the Arkansas Sports you know uh I mean okay Hall of Fame in 1976, and enshrined into the University of Arkansas' Hall of Honor in 1994.
4054.txt: The final 'Tales of the Watcher' story introduced veteran artist okay so like you know George Tuska as a Marvel regular; four years later, he would become of Iron Man's signature artists.
3345.txt: She has also participated in Miss India. She was crowned Miss Beautiful smile in the Femina Miss India Contest.
1438.txt: He made his first team debut in Elfsborg's 2 - well well um um 2 draw away at IF Brommapojkarna on 26 September like so um uh 2010, and scored his first goal against Syrianska FC in the home victory, 2 - 1, on 27 June 2011.
633.txt: Brian continues his millionaire sham and decides to return the ring, like um so like but is dismayed when he finds out that Chris ate so okay well I mean it, so he and Stewie decide to force Chris to poop it out.
2559.txt: Little Boy Blue is also the name of a 1997 okay like uh okay film about a dysfunctional rural family starring Ryan Phillippe um uh you know well and Nastassja Kinski and of a prominent character in the Fables comic book series.
3147.txt: Randy Mengullo entered Jack & Jill School in the school uh well um you know year of 1994 in whom he organized / uh okay um I mean introduced Karatedo as a sport in school and a like well you know well regular P. E. Subject to all pupils and presently okay okay so uh he is the chief instructor and martial arts coordinator of all JJS brances.
4866.txt: What is referred to as a large keelson is actually like I mean okay I mean a 7. 5m long mast - step timber made like well um okay of oak which doubles the axial frame and the stringers, nailed on to the frames, reinforced the hull longitudinally.
1146.txt: From 1802 he crewed on privateer ships, and okay okay you know like by 1810 he had accumulated enough prize money to become the master of his own vessel.
4242.txt: The opposing goaltender in that game was Jimmy Howard, Jimmy you know you know okay um was a teammate of Adam's in Grand Rapids in 2007 - 08.
4766.txt: Two songs, 'Aeroplane' and 'What You Know', were included in the uh like you know so release; these are short - form pop songs featuring lead vocals like so I mean well by Moerlen, the first time vocals appear on a Gong record since 1975.
3662.txt: The Catholic Institute of Sydney, a tertiary educational facility that you know like you know like is a member institution of the Sydney College of um okay uh so Divinity, delivers theological studies at both undergraduate and postgraduate qualifications you know okay like uh and prepares students who are studying for ordination to the priesthood in the Catholic Church.
1117.txt: Forest City has various museums, ranging from the Rutherford County um uh um well Farm Museum to the Bennett Classical Auto Museum.
2156.txt: Isolated at work too, she shuts herself up so I mean you know you know in their apartment, and becomes a slave of her well so so um own paranoid fears, and becoming increasingly psychotic and unable to tell fantasy from reality, begins to hallucinate.
3983.txt: The coronation ceremony is known as 'fakanofo' in Tongan like uh okay um society; the president oversees this and the would be king so okay okay you know is guarded by two entrusted Matapules on either side of him.
4130.txt: The initial setup used the left analog stick for all okay um um well the character's bodily movements; minor movements to the stick controlled like so like uh the upper body movements, while bigger movements controlled the lower body and movement within the ring.
3300.txt: Several baseball series machines were tested and showed much - um um so like improved performance, but theoretical calculations showed that the maximum amount of um okay I mean you know energy they could produce would be about the same as the energy needed to run the magnets.
2343.txt: James Oliver Vaughan (born 14 July 1988) is an English footballer who uh you know uh so plays for Football League Championship side Huddersfield Town as like like okay um a striker and has represented England at U17, U19 and um okay so well under 21 level but has since expressed a desire to represent Jamaica at international level.
3483.txt: Southeast Airlines Flight 308 was an American domestic flight operated well uh you know so by Southeast Airlines between Knoxville and Tri-City, on well I mean you know uh 8 January 1959 it was flown by Douglas DC - 3A registered 'N18941'.
4405.txt: The steward had thought that the harsh sentence would frighten the uh so um like peasants but quite the opposite was true - over the okay okay so uh next year they secretly prepared for war, recruiting like well um like one man from every farmers house, supplying them with weapons and teaching them tactics.
2099.txt: In the operation, the majority of Hezbollahs' long - like well so you know range rockets were destroyed in airstrikes that lasted I mean you know so well 34 minutes, due to the quality of IDF intelligence regarding the deployment of the fajr rockets across Lebanon.
4394.txt: The southernmost village in the Golan, it is located like I mean I mean like from the Sea of Galilee at a height of above sea level, it falls under the jurisdiction of Golan Regional Council.
3971.txt: The company operated under the name Cornell Aeronautical Laboratory from 1946 well okay um um until 1972 when Cornell University reorganized the lab as the you know so okay well for - profit Calspan Corporation and then sold its stock in Calspan to the public.
894.txt: Donati, at the time Podestà of Florence, was exiled uh like you know you know by the White Guelphs in 1299, but he and uh so like you know the Black Guelphs returned to Florence with Charles of I mean well I mean okay Valois in November 1301 and took power again, exiling and killing many White Guelphs.
476.txt: At age seventeen he enlisted as a uh you know um like rifleman in the Pennsylvania state troops and marched so like like um with Benedict Arnold on Quebec; taken prisoner during the like I mean okay uh ill - fated attempt to storm the city on January 1, 1776, he remained confined for nine months.
1779.txt: In 1799, he married Elizabeth Stevens Livingston (1780 -- um okay well you know 1829, daughter of Chancellor Robert R. Livingston), and their daughter okay um um well Elizabeth Livingston (1813 -- 1896) was the well uh like I mean grandmother of Anna Hall Roosevelt, and great - grandmother of Eleanor Roosevelt.
3731.txt: The Honeycombs were an English beat / pop group, founded well um I mean like in 1963 in North London, best known for their chart - topping hit, the million selling 'Have I the Right?', in 1964.
4352.txt: The second leg segued to the UK and so okay okay like Europe - these dates included opening for The Heavy, the festival 'Camden Rocks', and individual headline gigs.
3683.txt: The Crescendo morphed into the CSII, and eventually into the CS2000 like uh you know like & CS3000 before being replaced in the late 1990's by Euphonix's System 5 all - digital console.
539.txt: Beavis says about music videos that 'They suck' proping Gus like okay like so to warn them to no avail, after Beavis moons the like I mean so like audience on Live TV Gus cuts to commercial and has them leave the set.
3536.txt: Supporters of the charter movement filed an appeal with the uh so well uh Contra Costa County Board of Education, which on January 11, 2012, okay I mean um so overturned the district's decision and approved the charter.
642.txt: Bruce was not elected to a second term okay I mean uh well in 1881 and in 1890 the Democratic - you know I mean well I mean dominated state legislature passed a new constitution disfranchising most you know well like uh black voters, a situation that persisted into the 1960s until after federal enforcement of constitutional rights under the Voting Rights Act of 1965.
3456.txt: Solovyov loved all Slavs, particularly Poles and Croats, because like okay okay you know of his desire to unite all all Slavs in one like like you know okay Catholic Church, because some Slavs are Roman, while others are Orthodox Catholics.
932.txt: During his tenure as Provost, which position he held okay so you know you know until his death, he made many reforms to College, including abolishing Long Chamber, Montem and the Christopher.
1869.txt: In 1999 Little played a Star in the ITV well like okay um comedy drama 'The Flint Street Nativity' which also starred um uh so well Frank Skinner, Jane Horrocks, Mark Addy, Josie Lawrence, Neil Morrissey, Stephen Tomkinson, and Julia Sawalha.
1983.txt: In September 2007, delegates at the Liberal Democrat conference voted like like I mean so to condemn the UCU's 'perverse' decision, and called for I mean you know you know I mean UCU members to reject the proposal and continue to uh like so I mean engage in 'the fullest possible dialogue' with their Israeli and Palestinian counterparts.
3694.txt: The Duchy of Merania (also Meran, Merano, or Meranie,) was uh okay um I mean created during the German Empire time. It is okay um uh well also called the Duchy of Dalmatia as it covered the northern Dalmatian seacoast.
5.txt: 'Aerodynamic' is an instrumental song by Daft uh so okay well Punk that is particularly well - known for its robotic guitar solo.
4904.txt: While at NYU film school, Walker supported herself by so okay you know well DJing and was featured as a cover story in uh um well well 'Option' and on the cover of issue No. 154 of 'The Wire'.
3728.txt: The Gulf of Chiriqui is a part of Panama that encompasses Coiba National Park and Golfo de Chiriqui National Park.
2553.txt: Lilienthal was born in Moscow, Russia, and moved to Hungary at the age of two.
665.txt: By 15 March, the federal government reported that 50 % well you know well I mean of the oil had been contained and that uh I mean well like the slick had been removed from about 95 % of okay I mean I mean well Bribie Island, 85 % along the Sunshine Coast and 25 % around Moreton Island.
3540.txt: Surrounded by mountains, Naharlagun is a small town which sees annual okay you know uh you know long monsoon rains. Weather is basically sub-tropical with hot and humid summer and pleasant winter.
368.txt: Angles whose sum is a right angle are called complementary, those whose sum is a straight angle are supplementary.
126.txt: A two - track demo released in 2004 saw very limited you know uh so okay distribution (only 13 copies), and from 2004 to uh like um so 2007, Sons of Alpha Centauri sporadically performed around Kent with Kent - based artists such as Los Salvadores and Bossk.
277.txt: Air molecules near the end move freely, producing displacement antinodes in the standing wave.
2946.txt: On the next day, Badoglio and Roatta met with I mean okay um okay Mussolini, who announced that his objective was the capture of the so like like you know entire country and that he would contact Bulgaria for a joint operation.
1544.txt: He was joint editor of the 'Christian Remembrancer', but withdrew from like uh so uh the position because of his substantial agreement with the famous Gorham decision.
1725.txt: However, there have been some discrepancies with the use uh like so well of this method including differences in observations when using single so um I mean like and multiple needles as well as the areas of where the needles are placed.
3392.txt: She was soon recruited by the casting director of the well um you know you know FOX series 'The O. C.' She had a okay okay you know uh six - episode recurring role as Holly like well um well Fischer in the first season of 'The O. C.', and returned in the fourth season for 4 episodes.
3744.txt: The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) I mean so I mean um and other extremists tend to view the peacock angel like uh okay um as the malevolent archangel Lucifer or Satan and label the Yazidi as 'devil' worshippers.
3874.txt: The Villages is a master - planned age - restricted uh like like like retirement community located mainly in Sumter County, Florida, United States, but also includes portions of Lake and Marion counties.
2892.txt: On 31 July 1901 he married Freda Elais Butts Howell uh uh so like (1874 - 1957) granddaughter of Sir Thomas Howell, Lady in Waiting Queen Mary (1911 Delhi Durbar India).
4568.txt: They are often used by open source projects and you know uh uh uh other multi-developer projects to handle various versions and developers submitting various patches of code in an organized fashion.
2177.txt: It continues the events in The Infinity War, and is continued in.
4681.txt: Thomas William Oscar Judd (February 14, 1908 -- December 27, you know like um um 1995) was a Major League Baseball pitcher I mean well you know uh for the Boston Red Sox (1941 -- 1945) and Philadelphia Phillies (1945 -- 1948).
2226.txt: It is necessary to collect from 300, 000 to 315, 000 like um um you know signatures for the admission to the elections, in each subject you know you know like you know of Federation it is necessary to collect at least 7, 500 signatures.
2854.txt: O'Cearuill was called up the Republic of Ireland senior squad I mean um well I mean for the first time in May 2007 for an end of um I mean like so season tour to the United States and made his debut after coming on as a sub against Ecuador.
4877.txt: When United States - led forces attacked Osama okay you know um okay bin Laden's stronghold at Tora Bora, al - Turkistani was among I mean you know you know well the local defenders; after the battle's end, he fled to so okay I mean uh Pakistan, where he was arrested and jailed by the Inter-Services Intelligence until around 2011.
4077.txt: The fleet consists of over 5, 700 buses of various I mean um I mean well types and models for fixed - route service, and okay okay so okay over 2, 000 vans and cabs for ADA paratransit service, providing I mean uh so like service in New York City, southwestern Nassau County, and the city of Yonkers.
3239.txt: SS 'Navajo Victory' was a cargo ship built I mean well like well during World War II under the Emergency Shipbuilding program, so so so uh it was completed by the California Shipbuilding Company on June 30, 1944.
2240.txt: It is the tenth song on 'Riot City Blues' and like you know um I mean was released just before Christmas on the 18th December 2006 well I mean you know so on limited 7' vinyl and download from iTunes UK, um so um um although it was actually put onto iTunes about a week before then.
4032.txt: The fantail is a popular breed of fancy pigeon I mean I mean so I mean characterised by a tail composed of 30 to 40 feathers, uh you know okay so abnormaly more than most members of the pigeon family, which usually have 12 to 14 feathers.
3555.txt: Taking refuge in Egypt, Victor Emmanuel died in Alexandria so okay you know uh the following year, and was buried there, behind the altar of St Catherine's Cathedral.
1896.txt: In 2007, Croucher he began to work with producer and you know uh like uh Classified who produced Croucher's debut album 'No Dress Code' in 2007.
3784.txt: The Mongols invaded once again in 1300 -- 01 uh okay um so but could not break through and withdrew altogether from northern Burma in 1303.
1428.txt: He led the team all three years in scoring with um so like I mean 13. 5 points per game in 1960, 16. 5 in 1961, and 12. 8 in 1962.
474.txt: At Christmas, Terminal Tower is bathed in red and green, I mean okay I mean like and for Fourth of July celebrations is lit in red, white and blue.
958.txt: During the season she had a strong fondness well okay uh so for Jessie, sometimes she could be seen sneaking in his bed to watch him when he sleeps.
2991.txt: Osgoode Hall is the name for a landmark okay I mean so so building in downtown Toronto which houses the Ontario Court you know like like like of Appeal, the Divisional Court of the Superior Court of Justice, and the Law Society of Upper Canada.
2036.txt: In it Miss Willard portrayed the inspirational, prominent character like well you know you know of Salvation Army worker, Priscilla Worth, which turned out to be like okay uh like not only her final performance for 1966, but also the final acting role of her career.
711.txt: Carvings from the original church were incorporated into the I mean well like you know porch of the present church, and the church is famous like okay um okay for being one of the few in the country with the Devil in stained glass.
3460.txt: Some claim that Magburaka should be included in I mean so you know like the above list, but one source estimates the population you know so like okay at only 14, 915, whilst another puts it as high as 85, 313.
1163.txt: Further south near Esperance, the economy is based like well I mean like on agriculture and fishing, with wheat and barley widely grown; however, you know like like um this requires huge inputs in fertilisers because of the like like so you know sandy nature of the soils and is a major threat to the region's great plant diversity.
1238.txt: Gravity Probe A (GP - A) was a space well so like so - based experiment to test the theory of um so um like general relativity, performed jointly by the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.
4001.txt: The decision to accept most of the proposed changes so like okay like was headlined in newspapers across the United you know I mean like like States, as for example on page 1 of the 'Davenport like I mean I mean uh Daily Republican' of Davenport, Iowa, where it was the major headline of the morning edition.
349.txt: An album of the same name was also released um okay I mean um following the song's success, which was also quite successful uh you know so okay as was certified 'Gold' by the RIAA in early 1973 for selling over 500, 000 copies.
4421.txt: The team was founded in 2012 and will play home so I mean uh okay games at the Gordon Field House on the campus of Rochester Institute of Technology in Henrietta, New York.
4260.txt: The other gods however sensed the plot and held off um you know uh I mean from eating of the boy's body and brought Pelops back to um so I mean you know life, his shoulder replaced with one made of ivory made for him by Hephaestus.
3203.txt: Roku's appearance represents the ideal life that they could have I mean you know um like lead if they got married, however the realism influence well um uh so on the story shows how these ideal lives are not common in the real world.
1322.txt: He created the name in 1999 for the purpose of playing like you know well um incognito solo shows in Perth, choosing Bob Evans, 'because um okay uh um it was written on a T - shirt I was wearing'.
2423.txt: Kain began training in 1962 at the age um you know well uh of eleven at the National Ballet School of Canada, you know uh like you know for seven years and upon graduation in 1969, she well well so um was invited to join the National Ballet of Canada.
1919.txt: In 2015, Lopez's great - grandchildren rediscovered the box in their uh like so um late grandfather's attic and brought it to the attention so well okay so of a local reporter, whose TV news report on the um so I mean so strange find was picked up by several national news outlets.
1454.txt: He platted his town as 'Snoqualmie' and another nearby town so um so you know was platted 'Snoqualmie Falls' while Taylor was out of town.
553.txt: Belief in the afterlife varies among Wiccans, well I mean like like although reincarnation is a traditional Wiccan teaching dating back to the New Forest coven in the 1930s.
4591.txt: They make content involved with the film industry you know well uh okay this includes: reviews of films and web shows, interviews, film festival news, features and masterclasses.
741.txt: Children that result from unintended pregnancies are more likely okay uh well well to suffer from abuse and neglect, they are also more likely to live in poverty.
1312.txt: He came to dance relatively late in life, uh well uh like however, his talent led to rapid promotion, and in um well I mean well 1932 he made his first appearance on the Paris stage.
1193.txt: Geoffrey Graeme 'Geoff' Brock is a South Australian so um so like politician, representing the seat of Frome in the South Australian okay uh uh uh House of Assembly as an Independent, after a shock win at like like I mean well the 2009 Frome state by - election, defeating the Liberal candidate Terry Boylan.
1389.txt: He is a hypnotist and also an I Ching practitioner and has experimented successfully with occult therapeutic techniques.
4556.txt: They agree to get rid of the unborn spirit well so like okay within Yukie and Mariko apparently succeeds but the curse tricks them into removing Fukie's spirit from the body.
1142.txt: Fresno County, officially the County of Fresno, is a county located in okay well uh so the Central Valley of the U. S. State of California, south of Stockton and north of Bakersfield.
4602.txt: Thigpen's death also led to a four - year hiatus you know um um uh of 'Bear in the Big Blue House', and a planned film version of 'Bear' was put on hold.
1745.txt: IMRO (United) was founded in 1925 in Vienna under the um well uh I mean leadership of Dimitar Vlahov, Pavel Satev, Georgi Zankov, Rizo Rizov, Vladimir Pop Timov and Hristo Jankov.
2401.txt: Joy of Christmas is the second album of the um um okay I mean Chorus Paulinus recorded in the United States compposed of choral arrangements by Arnold Zamora for Chorus Paulinus in 1999.
760.txt: Civilian Irregular Defense Group ( CIDG, pronounced 'sid - um um uh um gee' ) was a program devised by the CIA I mean okay uh you know in early 1961 to counter expanding Viet Cong influence in South Vietnam's Central Highlands.
1268.txt: Hamilton Adolph 'Bud' Westmore (January 13, 1918 - June 24, 1973) you know so I mean uh was a renowned makeup artist in Hollywood having worked on over 450 movies and television shows.
1710.txt: However, his practice did not prosper, and he moved several more okay I mean I mean okay times before finally being arrested in Philadelphia by a well so you know uh creator. Philadelphia for a few more years, teaching and practicing uh I mean so you know medicine, until in 1824 he decided to go to Venezuela.
990.txt: Eight term incumbent Tim Holden (D) is running against Toni uh okay I mean okay Gilhooley (R), a retired PA State Trooper who served for 25 years.
969.txt: Each beat counts down from the initial 1000 - once the remaining number reaches 0, the game is over.
2300.txt: It was originally published in the Spring 1968 issue of 'Ubris' magazine, and collected in King's 'Skeleton Crew' in 1985.
3987.txt: The couple only used parts of the ground floor and like um uh well sadly the rest of the house became little more okay like well uh than a ruin - until in 1986 Cornelia Bayley (the present um uh uh you know owner) bought Plas Teg for £ 750, 000 which included a grant of £ 250, 000 from CADW.
3589.txt: The 'Yamasee' who migrated to the Port Royal area so you know you know well around 1685 were in part a reunification of the um so so okay old La Tama chiefdom, but they also had a I mean uh I mean uh large population of Guale Indians, as well as various others of generally Muskogean stock.
4166.txt: The magazine was published on a bi-monthly basis until June / July2011 issue when it began to be published annually.
597.txt: Bomb damage assessment reported amounted to 1, 512 storage um well uh okay caches struck, resulting in 765 secondary explosions you know uh well like of munitions and POL. Vang Pao now regained um I mean so so the confidence in air power that had been like you know like you know shaken in Operation Pigfat when his air strike allotment was slashed.
4784.txt: Under the name Frits, they made covers of old Neerlands Hoop songs and released an album in 1995: 'Dankzij de Dijken'.
1326.txt: He currently is Writer - in - Residence at Seton Hall I mean well I mean um University, South Orange, N. J. Where he teaches so um um well journalism and lectures on foreign news coverage, while continuing to work on books, magazine articles and other writing projects.
1552.txt: He was one of the founders of so so okay like Taki Rua Theatre (formerly The Depot) in Wellington which presented so you know like like bi-cultural works and saw the emergence of award winning like okay like you know Maori theatre particularly in the 1990s, when he became um uh like um co-Artistic Director of Taki Rua Theatre with playwright Hone Kouka.
951.txt: During the fight, Ryu notices that Shun also possesses the like so like like Dark Hadou, before Zangief has a chance to crush like like like um Shun (literally), Ryu steps in to stop the fight, the like you know like I mean fight takes a dark turn when Ryu releases the power of Dark Hadou.
3167.txt: René Corbet (born June 25, 1973) is a Canadian retired ice um you know okay like hockey player who played in the National Hockey well uh um okay League with the Quebec Nordiques, Colorado Avalanche, Calgary Flames, and the Pittsburgh Penguins.
957.txt: During the period from 1988 to 1994, Benfica so okay you know like made a huge financial investment in an effort to win another well you know okay well European Cup, reaching two European Cup finals in 1988 and 1990, but lost to PSV and Milan respectively.
567.txt: Bernardt had been told her mother would not attend, and she performed you know um so I mean her first scenes admirably, Then, much to her surprise, her uh like well well mother and aunt Rosine appeared in the audience, and Sarah uh I mean like well suffered the first of a lifetime of episodes of stage fright.
624.txt: Both ships took avoiding action but were too late um okay you know you know to avoid a collision, and about 0200 hrs 'Testbank' rammed 'Ceramic' s starboard bow.
1446.txt: He moved to Jerusalem at the age of 21 in uh like um um the early 1990s, where he did his formal training at the okay well like okay Rubin Academy of Music and Dance in Jerusalem receiving his okay uh like so M. A. In piano, studying under Meira Smailovic, Arbo Valdma, and Irina Berkovich.
399.txt: Arlesey Old Moat and Glebe Meadows are two nature reserves managed by the Wildlife Trust for Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Northamptonshire.
4943.txt: With both ends of the road completely flooded, the group prepares I mean uh um well to spend the night; however, they quickly find there so I mean so uh is an unknown murderer present, killing off each of the guests.
2418.txt: KPDX's transmitter is located in the Sylvan - Highlands um well like I mean section of Portland; master control operations for both KPTV and um so like uh KPDX are located at Meredith's West Coast hub facility uh like um like at the studios of Phoenix, Arizona sister station KPHO - TV.
456.txt: As the front arms sweeps down in an arc from um so uh like the inside to the outside of the body, the back hand I mean well so uh is 6rt5yrtyacross the body, intersecting at the forearms and providing a firm defence.
3621.txt: The Alevi Kurds of Dersim ( in formality 'Tunceli', Turkey um well so okay ) believe him as a savior; same people describe him as a 'sovereign of the sea's'.
2612.txt: Malin 1 is a giant low surface brightness (LSB) disk like like so I mean galaxy and one of the largest spiral galaxies like well like I mean currently known, at approximately 650, 000 light years um like well like across, six and a half times the diameter of our Milky Way.
408.txt: Arthur Monnickendam, the third president of the business, represented the you know well so you know diamond industry in the London Chamber of Commerce like um you know you know and became a member of CIBJO, the World Jewellery Confederation, representing the United Kingdom.
3585.txt: The 'LA Riot Squad' is a supporters group for well uh well so the Galaxy formed after a loss in the 2001 MLS like so you know um Cup, when then - Galaxy keeper Kevin Hartman challenged a you know you know um you know group of Galaxy fans to form a supporter group of 100 people by opening day of 2002.
4016.txt: The energy of the falling water entrains the so okay uh I mean air into the water; the air is compressed by okay well uh you know surrounding water pressure (which increases under a column due to the discharge to atmospheric pressure).
661.txt: But victims and their families brutalised by the Japanese military so uh you know so said that the conclusion can be known to Shinozaki himself, you know you know you know uh and those looking back at its history from the safe passage of time.
1365.txt: He has done a few television commercials for popular brands like's um okay okay I mean 'Savdhaan India', MTV India's crime series 'Webbed', UTV Bindass's 'Yeh Hai Aashiqui', and Zing's 'Pyaar Tune Kya Kiya'.
591.txt: Blue green algae, a food advocated by Kulvinskas, is associated with anatoxin and microcystins.
3322.txt: She becomes very torn later in the story I mean um so okay because her grandmother is dying and she uh so you know um feels like she is killing her because the fairy godmother you know so you know um finally found a replacement and now the fairy god mother can you know uh so I mean rest knowing the fairy tale world rests in good hands.
3244.txt: Saint Lucia's population is predominantly African / black (141, um um you know like 216 in 2010; 85. 3 % of the total population) um like okay okay or of mixed African - European descent (17, 965; 10. 8 %).
131.txt: A vigorous English - speaking middle class was now so uh like um the dominant cultural force; a number of its members were you know okay okay uh influenced by political or cultural nationalism, and some took an interest in the literature of the Irish language.
939.txt: During the 1980's, Moreno was a favorite of Pulitzer so you know like uh Prize - winning playwright Beth Henley, having appeared in at least four premieres of Henley's plays.
428.txt: As a result of this strengthening, industrial manufacturing and services uh like so well were crowded out and became non-competitive on world markets, I mean I mean so you know a phenomenon that is often referred to in economics literature as Dutch disease.
1249.txt: Guy Mathez is a Swiss football manager from Canton of Jura.
3669.txt: The Church that stands today is The Church of St uh like I mean um Bartholomew this is an 18th Century, Grade II listed, small Georgian red brick church.
4044.txt: The film is well populated with actors from Louisville, Kentucky, where the well okay uh I mean film was shot, including star Sean O'Bryan, who like okay like okay attended St. Xavier High School, and Maggie Lawson, who went on uh like I mean well to star in 8 seasons of the hit TV show Psych.
705.txt: Carol J. Chumney (born February 13, 1961) was a you know so uh um candidate to become mayor of Memphis, Tennessee and is um well I mean I mean currently the holder of the fifth seat on the Memphis City Council.
458.txt: As the standard of technical engineering at the Wall um I mean like well increased and this particular escape route became less and less important, I mean like well you know other means of leaving the GDR were used more often, well um like um for example by way of neighboring socialist countries, using forged documents or hiding in vehicles.
4332.txt: The saint patron is Santa Maria della Vittoria, which was so you know well you know celebrated on the first Sunday of October for years, but is now celebrated on the last Sunday of August.
1706.txt: However, he switched to union and made his um like okay um debut for France in a Test against Italy in Naples in 1966.
2894.txt: On 7 October 1939 the ship travelled to Portland, where um um well okay captain Morée requested the ship drop her anchor off you know so uh I mean of the Shambles Sandbank as the sun was setting.
4728.txt: Together with James, she compiled crosswords for several like I mean you know um newspapers and magazines, including People, and it was in 1978 that they launched their own publishing company.
706.txt: Carpenter is openly gay and is one of two I mean so you know um LGBT members of the Wisconsin Legislature, alongside Rep JoCasta Zamarripa (D -- Milwaukee).
1001.txt: Elsie the Cow is a cartoon cow that has well I mean like I mean been used as the logo for the Borden Dairy Company since 1936 to symbolize the 'perfect dairy product'.
4842.txt: Visual Studio Team Foundation Server (including Workgroup Edition) requires well okay um I mean Microsoft SQL Server 2005 Standard Edition; however, a license for Standard Edition is included with both products.
1750.txt: Idolator said the song 'dissolves into glitchy loops' before transitioning uh I mean uh well into the next track, a Phil Collins cover from okay you know uh like his 1985 album 'No Jacket Required', the original pop rock anthem 'Take Me Home'.
3198.txt: Robert Zubrin has proposed an alternative liquid - core design, the nuclear like so like I mean salt - water rocket, wherein water is the working fluid and neutron moderator.
965.txt: Duroc is a station of the Paris Métro, and well um um you know is named after Geraud Duroc, Duke of Friuli (1772 - 1813), who was one of Napoleon Bonaparte's Generals.
2971.txt: One prahar is divided into gharis (also called uh well like okay ghati / ghadi), and the gharis are further divided into sub-units.
323.txt: Although evolutionary theory is hard to test, the popularity of zoos I mean I mean I mean well (Wilson, 1993), camping, and hanging up plants in our homes provide support for this theory.
1908.txt: In 2011, Petra Kvitová won the tournament and later reached well okay so you know a career high of world no. Nine of the 18 winners have not reached WTA world no. 1.
698.txt: Carbon dioxide air capture is a form of carbon capture okay um you know uh that removes carbon dioxide from ambient air, as uh so so uh opposed to removing CO 2 from the stack emissions of so well okay like large point sources, such as fossil fuel fired power stations.
4526.txt: There is considerable overlap with food salvage, food rescue and gleaning, although not with freeganism or dumpster - diving.
2980.txt: Option ARMs are popular because they are usually offered with um you know I mean so a very low initial interest rate ( a so okay so well well - called 'teaser rate' ) and a low minimum uh okay okay well payment, which permits borrowers to qualify for a much larger loan than would otherwise be possible.
1451.txt: He often attended services of different denominations, and he suppressed anti-Catholic celebrations in the Army.
1812.txt: In 1933 he was C - in - C the Nore being promoted to Admiral 1935.
2364.txt: Jian Shuo plotted to assassinate He Jin but the conspiracy was I mean uh like I mean discovered in advance, and He Jin had Jian Shuo arrested and executed.
4042.txt: The film began principal photography on April 3, 2017 with a small coffee shop scene, shot at Ciclo Cafe.
2477.txt: Kraina Mriy (founded in 2004) is a biannual, multi-day so uh you know um festival of ethnically Russo - Ukrainian music, and was founded by Ukrainian musician Oleg Skrypka.
106.txt: A protectionist policy ensured a consistent nucleus of scholars and teachers: so I mean okay well laws issued by Cosimo I, Ferdinando I and Ferdinando II well like so so obliged those who intended to obtain a degree to attend the Studium of Pisa.
4683.txt: Thompson Center manufactures a variety of muzzleloading rifles of well so okay so both Traditional and Inline designs, and sell um well um okay a great number of percussion and flintlock rifles in a wide variety of bore diameters.
4408.txt: The streak began in the final months of 1990 uh uh well like as the chestnut filly overcame adversity to win the Grade 2 I mean I mean okay okay Black - Eyed Susan Stakes over a muddy race track after losing a shoe.
3985.txt: The correct location for docking for GSP is after you know so so like the caudal vertebrae start to curl, leaving enough tail well well uh well to let the dog fart at a jaunty angle, not curled under.
4179.txt: The marine snail 'Hinea brasiliana' uses flashes of light you know uh like I mean for defence, emitted through the translucent shell which functions as an efficient diffuser of light.
2869.txt: On 1 April 1926, the Transjordan Frontier Force was um okay uh I mean formed from cadre drawn from the Arab Legion, and well you know I mean uh it consisted of only 150 men and most of them were stationed along Transjordan's roads.
372.txt: Ann Philippa Pearce (23 January 1920 - 21 December 2006) uh you know you know like was an English children's author born in 1920 well well uh you know and brought up in the King's Mill House in the village of Great Shelford, Cambridgeshire.
4430.txt: The then Chancellor Gordon Brown announced plans for privatisation in you know um like you know the 2006 Budget, but until any sale happens, it remains a statutory corporation.
2264.txt: It resulted from the merge of the 'Academisch Ziekenhuis Leiden' well well you know like (Leiden Academic Hospital) and the medical faculty of Leiden uh okay I mean well University in the late 1990s; similar arrangements exist for most university hospitals in The Netherlands.
4374.txt: The site of Faillouox is steeped in five centuries of um like um I mean history and the first recorded mention of the site can be traced back to the year 1445.
1122.txt: Fort Rosecrans National Cemetery is situated in the city of you know you know I mean I mean San Diego, California, on the Fort Rosecrans Military Reservation, today it is known as Naval Base Point Loma.
4250.txt: The original Island Gardens DLR station was opened in so well like um 1987 as the southern terminus of the DLR's initial okay well okay so system, and was an elevated terminal station with two platforms each capable of accommodating a single car train.
1642.txt: His forces grew to around 6, 000 men by so well um okay June 1861, and the French had began to report that junks well okay like um from Singapore and Hong Kong had arrived in Go Cong with shipments of European - made weapons.
186.txt: After 22 years since their breakup, MAXX officially returned to um uh uh well live performing in Spring 2017 with original lead vocalist Elyse I mean like well I mean (aka Linda Meek) and newcomer: rapper / singer Elijah MC.
2753.txt: Most of these errors have been fixed in a like you know well you know new enhanced version Sonic's Ultimate Genesis Collection for Xbox 360 well so um like and PlayStation 3, which allowing high definition playing through scaling - up and filters.
3702.txt: The Empire, already pushed to the brink of collapse um okay like okay as a result of the war, is undermanned and I mean I mean okay so struggles to protect the villages, and if the tribes you know like okay okay were once again to reuinite, the Empire would most likely fall.
1204.txt: Getting constant volume is, technically, relatively simple and metering okay you know so you know systems relying on constant volume dispensation therefore are especially simple and reliable.
1310.txt: He became the children's editor for the 'News Chronicle', and from I mean well um like 1954 presented a BBC music request programme for children, 'Children's Favourites', on Saturday mornings.
789.txt: Considering Johnny's thirst for data, Fred is sworn not to like I mean you know okay reveal their location to Johnny, believing that the robot um like okay well would become over-excited; but when Fred reveals their location, I mean uh I mean you know the robot leaves the warehouse to explore the city and inadvertently befriends Oscar himself.
934.txt: During latent infection a viral RNA transcript inhibits so you know uh so expression of the gene encoding ICP0 via an antisense RNA mechanism.
1786.txt: In 1859, he traveled westward in the company of Frederick W well like uh so. Lander, a land surveyor for the U. S. Government, and well like uh okay returned to a studio he had taken at the so so like uh Tenth Street Studio Building in New York with sketches that would result in numerous finished paintings.
2486.txt: LTS result in the neuron reaching the threshold for an so uh you know you know action potential, and so the spike is typically crowned by I mean you know um uh a burst of two to seven action potentials, which is known as a low - threshold burst.
3707.txt: The Fairmount Line is undergoing a major rehabilitation that I mean I mean so so includes the construction of four new stations in Boston, I mean you know okay well while work on a new western terminus of the Fitchburg Line at Wachusett Station has started.
2863.txt: Olaf comes to Anna's rescue and reveals Kristoff is in okay like so uh love with her, and two travel out onto the fjord to find him.
997.txt: Elias Breeskin (Born 1896 - died May 9, uh okay um okay 1969) was born sometime in 1896 in Yekaterinsolav, a small village so uh okay uh in the Ukraine, which has now morphed into the industrial city of Dnepropetrovsk, with over a million inhabitants.
1419.txt: He is well known for his unequivocal position to fight homosexuality I mean so so uh in all forms and recently even raided with the Police, a gay activist workshop where participants were arrested.
4474.txt: The winners of the two Division Series met in the um like so so 2005 National League Championship Series, with the winner of that series becoming you know uh so well the National League champion, and face the American League champion in the 2005 World Series.
3512.txt: Still the Daughters did not feel that they were um okay okay so doing enough, so they constructed, on their own, uh I mean like I mean a sit down strike to take place at Pittston Coal headquarters.
608.txt: Born in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Black graduated from Dalhousie University with two so um I mean so degrees at age 19, and then went on to complete his actuarial training in 1974.
230.txt: After losing so many age - outs in 1987, so well well you know the '88 corps was very young; playing Stavinsky's Firebird Suite, the corps finished in fifth place in Kansas City.
813.txt: Croydon Central Library, located on four floors inside the Clocktower, well like you know you know is Croydon's main public library, part of the Croydon Libraries arm of the council.
2960.txt: One of Arman's earliest works of piano destruction, 'Chopin's Waterloo' (1962) well you know well well involved the artist hacking a piano to pieces with an axe at the Galerie Saqqârah in Gstaad.
834.txt: Darwin had not made the link explicit in like okay you know okay 'Origin', though a single line hinted at such a like um so well conclusion: 'light will be thrown on the origin of man and his history'.
2645.txt: Marky Ramone is the only living member of the longest so so um okay - running Ramones line - up, which featured Joey, Johnny and Dee Dee for 15 years.
362.txt: And the music has a melody and a language in you know uh well so and of itself', while lead editor Naomi Zeichner went on so so well you know to compare the album to the work of Interpol and 'the retro biker bar rock that soundtracks' Sons of Anarchy'.
4982.txt: You can easily find lots of people of this village near you know um you know so Laheriasarai Tower in Darbhanga. Upto some extent you can like okay so uh say that Panchobh rules everywhere in the city Darbhanga / Laheriasarai.
3590.txt: The 102. 1 FM frequency was originally home to like like okay um KSTP - FM, and the station was partnered with Hubbard Broadcasting's AM station of the same name.
2944.txt: On the basis of these findings, Barbara McQuade, the United uh so uh I mean States Attorney for the Eastern District of like you know like I mean Michigan, won a 23 - count indictment charging Fata with you know um like um health care fraud, conspiring to take and receive kickbacks, money laundering, and unlawfully procuring naturalization.
4699.txt: Throughout the fifties and sixties, a new I mean so okay uh school of artists emerged on the scene, who 'Pop Art' a household name.
1686.txt: Houston Cougars is the only Division 1 football um okay well uh team to score 100 points against another Division 1 I mean well well well team, (Tulsa) in 1968 and Georgia Tech is the like like I mean like only Division I team to record over uh I mean you know okay 200 points in one game, which occurred in 1916 against Cumberland.
3498.txt: Star - Lord (Scott Porter) receives a distress - I mean like okay you know call from the Nova Corps requesting the assistance of the you know okay well uh Guardians of the Galaxy on a nearby Kree planet, I mean okay like okay where their forces are being decimated by Thanos (Jake Hart).
2723.txt: Mitotic inhibitors are derived from natural substances such as uh so well so plant alkaloids and primarily used in cancer treatment and certain types of cancer research including cytogenetics.
4353.txt: The second of four daughters of a well - you know I mean like uh to - do dental surgeon and a housewife, Neila's mother's name like well uh um was Manonmany Balendra: Neila Balendra was born in 1938 in Colombo, Ceylon (now Sri Lanka).
3730.txt: The Hemidontidae is a small family of freshwater characins found um okay okay I mean in northern South America, south to the Paraná - Paraguay Basin.
3721.txt: The Ghanaian midfielder completed his move to VfB okay you know you know um Stuttgart in the German second tier league during the January um I mean um like transfer window on 31 January 2017, after the Africa Cup of Nations with the Black Stars.
2846.txt: Not completely yet, a large number of Tānks are uh okay okay um now followers of Islam, there are many Tanks still existing um okay like okay among the Sainis andHindu Jats and Kadia Kshatriya community of Gujarat.
1749.txt: Identifiers must not be used as substitutes for the well well well so url parameter therefore the use of the asin parameter and uh like well you know any use of the template in citations shall render such citations invalid by default.
4086.txt: The football, field hockey, women's lacrosse, and track I mean okay I mean well & field teams play at Richard Wackar Stadium, and uh so like well the basketball, swimming & diving, and volleyball teams play in the Esbjornson Gymnasium.
2229.txt: It is over 100 million km in diameter, okay uh like uh it is almost the same size as HIP 110703, so um um so but don't get confused with the other stars HIP 110703, HIP 110370, and HIP 110730.
387.txt: Another son, General Waller Taylor, represented Lunenburg in the well well like I mean Virginia legislature, then moved to Vincennes, Indiana, where you know you know so like he became a judge and subsequently Adjutant General well um uh like of the United States Army under General William Henry Harrison in the War of 1812.
1872.txt: In 2001, Cartoon Network obtained licensing to run 96 uh like um uh more episodes and air the original Dragonball anime um um like uh and was the top rated show in the Toonami block of Cartoon network.
3148.txt: Raphael was born in Lancaster Royal infirmary on Wednesday okay okay like um 10th February 1988, he lived in Morecambe Kingsway uh okay well uh estate from 1988 - 1994, he has since lived in East and North London, as well as Morecambe.
1245.txt: Gretsa University was started in 2006 when it opened its doors uh like you know you know to its first batch of students pursuing Degree you know well like uh programmes in Hospitality, Tourism and Business. The University is recognized and certified by Commission for Higher Education (CHE).
194.txt: After Reformation Day, the band began experimenting with altered like okay so um states of consiousness and longer, freeform improvised pieces of well um well okay music, frequently rehearsingthrough the night jamming over the same riff for extended periods of time.
3466.txt: Some newspapers romantically linked McPherson with her radio engineer, well um okay um and rumors developed Ormiston vanished at the same time as McPherson; and had run off together.
3830.txt: The Shah left Iran for exile on January 16, 1979 as um uh uh uh the last Persian monarch and in the resulting well you know I mean you know power vacuum two weeks later Ayatollah Khomeini returned to Tehran to a greeting by several million Iranians.
4564.txt: They are famous in humour And satirist poetry and okay like okay um articles. The Name of the father is, Dr. Avadhesh kumar verma and mother Smt.
2637.txt: Marc Rotenberg, President of the Electronic Privacy Information Center, called the okay like you know like feature 'troubling;' however, the new feature is enabled by default but can be disabled.
475.txt: At Derby, he spent a bit more uh okay I mean I mean than one season a half helping to keep so um so well the club in the Championship with a series of virtuoso performances, also giving many autographs to fans.
4680.txt: Thomas West, 8th Baron De La Warr and 5th Baron so you know you know uh West KB KG (c. 1457 -- 10 October 1525) like like I mean like was the oldest son of Richard West, 7th Baron De you know okay you know I mean La Warr and 4th Baron of West and Lady Catherine Hungerford.
1305.txt: He became a prominent member of the Krio community however by the time of his death he had been forgotten.
673.txt: By the end of the 19th century gold miners were like so uh I mean trickling in on rumours of gold, driving a population so I mean uh like increase justifying the setting up of a police force, just like well I mean like in time for the start of the Klondike Gold Rush in 1897.
3036.txt: Participated in 'Liberation of Western Ukraine' and fighting at Ostrogozhsk, Rossosh, Kharkov, Orel and other operations and actions.
641.txt: Bruce Craig Scott (born 20 October 1943), Australian politician, has well well okay I mean been a National Party member of the Australian House of Representatives since March 1990, representing the Division of Maranoa, Queensland.
2492.txt: Lalith J. Rao (some also spell as Lalit) is the eminent torchbearer of the Agra Gharana.
1604.txt: Her work is exhibited by Galerie 1900 - 2000 in um um um okay Paris and Senior & Shopmaker Gallery in New York and currently lives and works in Paris.
3758.txt: The Law School also maintains a Master of Laws (LL like well okay so. M.) program with concentrations in corporate finance law, tax law, and labor and employment law.
3990.txt: The crests may also be positioned in a key well I mean like you know item called Solomon's Key; positioning the crests correctly will unlock new spells for each crest for a certain region.
1522.txt: He was an elder of the United Presbyterian Church of uh I mean so well Scotland and his deep religious convictions informed his work, so well like I mean there is a strong suggestion that he closely so like you know okay identified Solomon's temple with the plan of the Greek basilica.
4988.txt: Yves - Marie Adeline Soret de Boisbrunet (born March like I mean you know well 24, 1960 in Poitiers, France) better known as Yves um so I mean um - Marie Adeline, was the founder and leader of the French political party, Alliance Royale.
4920.txt: White JG, Matlack C, Mundschenk D and Rao GHR.
2874.txt: On 12 June 1808, while Lasalle was on his way okay well so well to Valladolid, in the village of Cabezón, he like like you know well met a resistance of about 7, 000 men under uh I mean um I mean General Cuesta, deployed along the Cabezón bridge to bar the road to Burgos against oncoming French divisions.
166.txt: According to the World Bank, Russia has experienced a you know well you know uh period of strong economic growth during the 2000s, I mean you know uh uh however, by 2012, growth slowed down dramatically as reforms have come along at a slower pace.
983.txt: Educated at the Erasmus - Grasser - Gymnasium in Sendling so like well okay - Westpark, Munich, he was called up to the Imperial uh uh so I mean German Army in 1915, and trained in field artillery at the airfield in Augsburg.
2340.txt: James Alan McPherson (born September 16, 1943 in Savannah, Georgia) is a okay you know well um United States novelist and short story writer and a recipient of the Guggenheim Fellowship in 1973.
2326.txt: Its staff went through many changes during those years, with Dunn leaving in early 1977 and McNeil quitting shortly afterwards.
4623.txt: This covered an area of 3. 9 million square uh well uh uh kilometres (1. 5 million sq mi), over one - like I mean um I mean third the area of Canada nd the changing attitudes that the company had toward them.
2043.txt: In looking to make a follow up to '7 Days um um well okay in Hell,' Samberg and his crew looked for a okay uh you know like sport that could be displayed cheaply while also having comic potential.
3667.txt: The Chilean jack mackerel, 'Trachurus murphyi', is a species of so like um so jack mackerel in the 'Trachurus' genus of the Carangidae family.
921.txt: Durg railway station, located in the Indian state of Chhattisgarh, serves Durg, Bhilai and the adjoining areas in Durg district.
4951.txt: With the construction of the Turnpike in the so okay like uh mid- 1950s most of the surrounding water was filled in, like uh okay like so that today only the southern tip of City Point is bordered by water.
469.txt: At 11: 58 p. M. PDT on October 1, the um okay so I mean Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department stated that one suspect, uh uh like you know a Nevada resident, was 'down', and later stated that no other shooters were believed to be involved.
4507.txt: There are many types, all with different properties that you know so okay you know make them advantageous for different applications when bound like I mean you know uh to a subunit that can chelate or bind a metal ion.
3137.txt: Rachel Zoe Rosenzweig (born September 1, so um um so 1971) better known as Rachel Zoe, is an I mean I mean well so American fashion stylist best known for working with uh like I mean like celebrities, fashion houses, beauty firms, advertising agencies, and magazine editors.
1587.txt: Heptyl acetate (C 9 H 18 O 2), also um I mean um I mean known as heptanyl acetate and acetate C - 7, um like okay I mean is a colorless alcohol - soluble liquid used as a um so um well fruit essence flavoring in foods and as a scent in perfumes.
2399.txt: José Arturo Rivas Mortera (born October 18, 1984 in Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz) is a well like well well Mexican footballer who currently plays centre back for UANL Tigres in the 'Primera División de México'.
4025.txt: The exhaust gases could not be allowed to cool below a like um like okay certain temperature, as there was a risk of the sulphur and so I mean like I mean nitrogen oxides in the flue gases condensing and forming acids which could have damaged the ID Fans.
3958.txt: The closing years of his life were largely devoted to charity and he died at Maida Hill, London.
2478.txt: Kramer was the first company that Eddie officially um I mean okay you know endorsed, beginning in 1983 when Kramer built a Frankenstrat replica for him.
3236.txt: SKH - SDP received 31. 56 % of votes well like you know like cast, followed by HDZ at 28. 32 %, independent candidates you know like like like received 13. 26 % and KNS won 10. 95 % of the vote.
1700.txt: However, all perissodactyls, extinct and extant, have a mesaxonic okay you know okay you know foot structure on the rear feet: the symmetry of the well um so okay foot passes through the third digit, which holds the animal's weight.
4530.txt: There on the Bhirr they found some old coins with uh you know uh like the Greek word 'Bazileous' stamped on it and conjectured that these were the coins left behind by the Greeks.
464.txt: As well and NV centres and molecules, quantum dots well so well you know (QDs) can emit single photons and can be constructed from the uh so I mean I mean same semiconductor materials as the light - confining structures.
772.txt: Clogging, a descendant of folk dances such as Jigging okay so well um is thought to be the partial originator of traditional, um um you know you know popping, and locking are some of the most popular street dance styles in Western and African American culture.
1854.txt: In 1991, she was invited to design fabric prints based so like you know okay on her ceramics for a festival in Seville Expo in I mean I mean okay so 1992, at the Venice Biennale in 1993, and at the South African Bienniale in 1995.
2476.txt: Kosli Railway Station is on the Rewari - Bhiwani so you know well um railway lineie 30 km from rewari also doubling of railway track um so uh um is in progress at fast pace n there after electrification of entire section is planned very soon.
2215.txt: It is expected that the Lord Speaker will assume like you know well you know most of the duties of the Lord Chancellor that okay I mean uh um relate to his Parliamentary role, although the Lord okay okay you know okay Chancellor will continue to be the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal.
3481.txt: South Korean teenager Yong Kim is about to be um okay uh okay naturalized with the rest of his family, but he has um uh well okay started to hang out with a bad crowd and ultimately participates okay okay uh well in a convenience store robbery to 'pop his cherry' with his gang.
4869.txt: When Andy Griffith decided to leave his series, most well okay you know uh of the supporting characters returned for the new program, so I mean like uh which ran for three seasons (78 color episodes) on the CBS network from 1968 - 1971.
1671.txt: Hlengani Foster Baloyi is the third born son okay um you know um of Risenga Evans Baloyi and Jayela Mphephu Chauke he started school at Tivanani Primary school.
1207.txt: Giacomo Meyerbeer, (born Jacob Liebmann Beer) (5 September 1791 like okay so I mean -- 2 May 1864) was a German opera composer, you know well I mean like who with his 1831 opera 'Robert le diable' and you know well uh I mean its successors gave the genre of grand opera 'decisive character'.
1588.txt: Her Federal trial began in 1996, and in September I mean so well I mean 1996 she was convicted of federal charges of tax evasion and sentenced to 37 months in prison.
694.txt: Cape Coast Castle is one of a number of well uh you know um 'slave castles', fortifications in Ghana built by Swedish traders, well okay I mean uh originally for trade in timber and gold, later used in the trans - Atlantic slave trade.
4107.txt: The group decided to continue as a trio for recording with I mean okay um okay Tony Banks on keyboards and Mike Rutherford playing the guitar and you know okay like well bass guitar in the studio, although the line - up was like um um so regularly augmented by Chester Thompson and American guitarist Daryl Stuermer for concert tours.
158.txt: According to its Terms of Service, Google Health is not okay you know well well considered a 'covered entity' under the Health Insurance Portability and I mean uh you know so Accountability Act of 1996; thus, HIPAA privacy laws do not apply to it.
1559.txt: He was suspended by the Irish Medical Council well like uh um in 1999 pending their investigations, and then struck off the Register of Medical Practitioners in 2003.
2932.txt: On September 21, 2013 VoteRiders hosted its first Voter ID um so well okay Clinic in Houston and was active in the 2017 Senate special election in Alabama.
1183.txt: Garkha is the Himalayan fertile and lush green um you know well like mountain country in front of Askot region of Uttaranchal state I mean um so you know of India in the Pithoragarh district means herd of cows. Well linked with roads with Ogla at it's entry point.
2101.txt: In the past, the New Orleans Saints had used the like so okay you know facilities for their summer practice and the university would be interested in attracting another NFL team to the campus.
4947.txt: With no engine thrust, the plane lost height and so um you know okay it plunged into the small village of Cove Neck um I mean okay like on northern Long Island, in Oyster Bay; from the airport.
180.txt: Administratively, the mountain's slopes and summit are shared between the municipalities I mean uh so well of Gündlischwand, Gsteigwiler and Bönigen, all of which are in the canton of Bern.
1646.txt: His jobs in his teenage years included being an ice okay you know um you know - cream salesman and a night - club like okay like okay bouncer and combined self - tuition via visits to the local library in Levenshulme.
1195.txt: George Frederick Laurence Hyde Villiers, 7th Earl of like I mean well uh Clarendon (2 February 1933 - 4 July 2009) was okay well okay I mean the son of George Herbert Arthur Hyde Villiers, Lord you know so you know um Hyde (1906 - 1935) and Hon. Marion Feodorovna Louise Glyn (1900 - 1970).
1284.txt: Having settled in the region west of the Black okay I mean well well Sea in the 3rd century AD, the Goths soon split like well well okay into two divisions, the Ostrogoths (East Goths) and the Visigoths (West Goths).
1337.txt: He edited and introduced the Everyman's Library reedition of um like so uh Hobbes 'Leviathan' and was a columnist for 'The Times' well well like um and 'The Times Higher Education Supplement', and contributed to 'The New Criterion' and 'Daily Mail'.
4018.txt: The episode 'I Was Accused' was based on the um okay like okay true experience of actor George Voskovec, who was kept um um you know I mean interned at Ellis Island during the day's of Robert E. Sherwood Award by a committee that included Eleanor Roosevelt.
1429.txt: He left the United States in 1913 and headed okay I mean uh you know to Belgium, where he established the 'Armes Automatique Lewis' company in Liège to facilitate commercial production of the gun.
4796.txt: Unlike most block ciphers, MARS has a heterogeneous structure: well you know you know like several rounds of a cryptographic core are 'jacketed' by unkeyed mixing rounds.
801.txt: Corrour Bothy is a simple stone building with a single so um like um room and a chimney and likely built to house Deer Watchers.
1917.txt: In 2014 and 2015, it was one of the um like uh um qualifying events for The Open Championship; the leading three players I mean you know um uh who had not already qualified and who finished in the top ten qualified.
2579.txt: Lovett died in Locust Valley, New York, on so you know you know so May 7, 1986, having been preceded by wife, Adele died on January 4, 1986.
3048.txt: Paul S. Otellini born and raised in San Francisco, California, United States, his family is of Italian origin.
1248.txt: Gunn is hired to act as a like well well um body double for a prince, pity they don't realise he's a djinn.
2198.txt: It is a common inhabitant of sheltered wetlands with some so um well I mean taller vegetation, such as taiga bogs in the breeding season, and usually feeds by dabbling for plant food or grazing.
670.txt: By that time the Yavana (Indo - Greeks) who were in possession I mean like so okay of Mathura were advancing towards Pataliputra but getting the news well well you know I mean of the triumph of Kharavela at Rajagriha the Yavana king had to retreat to Mathura.
1372.txt: He has researched and studied artists who came to catalog I mean so I mean uh what existed in Brazil at the time of the um so like like conquest, including Maximilian Wied - Neuwied, invited okay you know you know you know by Don Pedro II to classify Brazil's plant and animal species and the native peoples.
1546.txt: He was mentored by Mr. Rose, then executive VP okay uh well okay of sales, Rose retired from his position in the company in 1995.
4945.txt: With few appearances in his first Peterborough season, Howe so I mean uh well went out on loan at Rochdale, until the end of the season.
1736.txt: Hungarian Sea Scout Paul Ferenc Sujan and American Maurice Tripp also I mean well so like attended, and all three men would more than um you know well okay 20 years later play a key role in helping Bánáthy uh um okay um build a leadership program for youth in the United States.
1727.txt: However, they have a very weak defense and any uh like okay I mean unit that manages to get close to them you know okay you know you know can take them out very easily, the units that they are the best doing this job are the Fast units.
2920.txt: On March 14 2007, he started his third stint as a so you know uh okay coach at Arminia Bielefeld, he was fired by club management on December 10, 2007.
102.txt: A particular concern is the treatment of Muslim women, who I mean like okay you know may be pressured into wearing veils, leaving school, and marrying early.
1308.txt: He became notable in 1999 for being one of you know okay you know I mean two councillors to opt out of retroactive salary increases that well like uh I mean council had implemented, saying the raises'... Should be for the like like I mean um next council term which would give the electorate time to pass comment on councillors' remuneration.
1460.txt: He previously served as president of the church's um well okay so Brazil São Paulo South Mission (2011 to 2014) and as Academic Vice President of Brigham Young University (BYU).
2382.txt: John Miller (October 29, 1843 -- October 26, 1908) served as the first Governor of North Dakota from 1889 to 1891.
3684.txt: The Cunoniaceae is a family of 26 genera and about okay well okay you know 350 species of woody plants in the Antarctic flora, native okay like uh um to Australia, New Caledonia, New Guinea, New Zealand, southern South America, the Mascarene Islands and southern Africa.
994.txt: Elections to the Swiss Federal Assembly, the federal parliament you know so so I mean of Switzerland, were held on Saturday, October 20, 2007; you know uh so like the second round of the elections to the Council of States uh okay so okay will be held on 11 November, 18 November and 25 November 2007.
249.txt: After the 1830 General Election ended Tory um so well I mean domination, Littleton took up the campaign against the truck uh so you know like system, by which employees were forced to accept payment uh okay uh um or advances in kind, often becoming effectively enslaved to the company store.
910.txt: Dragon designs in the Song period often reveal an almost humorous rendition; the dragons often seem to smile.
3264.txt: Scam believes he bought the watch from Obie's well I mean so um muggers, Johnnie Red denies it at first, but later he tells I mean you know well uh them he did have it but gave it to a man named Keegan (Robert Prosky), a slick pawn shop owner.
2221.txt: It is located around one mile north of I mean uh uh you know Abbots Langley (where, at the 2011 Census the population was included).
2027.txt: In her youth, Fitzgerald wanted to be a dancer, although uh you know so uh she loved listening to jazz recordings by Louis Armstrong, Bing Crosby, and the Boswell Sisters.
3178.txt: Rfa 501 attacked by itself again on 16 February, four um well you know um aircraft reached England, one carrying a bomb which, aimed at so you know um uh Victoria station, fell half a mile away on the Royal Hospital, Chelsea.
796.txt: Cook was born in Louisiana in 1928, and received two Bachelor's I mean I mean okay you know degrees in mathematics and petroleum engineering respectively from Louisiana State University in 1950 and 1955.
4627.txt: This has been a major selective pressure acting over terrestrial plants I mean you know you know um And nowadays, it is one of the major threatening for agriculture and forestry even in temperate zones.
4359.txt: The series is created by Catharina Ledeboer, produced by Viacom International, and executive produced by Tatiana Rodriguez.
900.txt: Dr Fareed Uddin Baqai and his wife Dr Zahida well like um like Baqai were medical practitioners and surgeons who had okay uh like like been educated in Pakistan and the United Kingdom and well so well okay began to practice in Karachi, which at that time was the capital.
877.txt: Distributed by Millones Records, the first mixtape in the series 'Real G4 Life' was released on January 5, 2011.
1664.txt: His successor Les Sutton failed to win a single League you know well I mean okay game; although the club won the Manchester Premier Cup, he was sacked at the end of the season.
163.txt: According to the Korea Joongang Daily in 2013, it is okay uh well uh ranked 8 th overall in South Korea, 7 you know uh like okay th in reputation, 7 th in papers published on okay like I mean like SCI journals, and 4 th in outbound exchange students ratio (5. 1 %).
2647.txt: Marohl was on the (MLL) Baltimore Bayhawks roster in um uh uh I mean 2006 where he tallied 3 goals and 5 assists in 8 I mean okay like uh games and was also listed on the 2007 Washington Bayhawks roster.
949.txt: During the course of this translation, the outlines gradually became okay I mean like um apparent for a community of believers, with authority from God, ordinances such as baptism, and ordained clergy.
3018.txt: Pacifica State Beach is one of the most popular uh I mean so uh beginner surfing spots in the San Francisco area, among I mean uh um well surfers is frequently known as Linda Mar Beach, because it fronts Pacifica's Linda Mar subdivision.
1739.txt: Hwang appeared as one of the recurring guests for a okay I mean so uh variety show program, 'Love Letter', from 2004 to 2006, before like okay I mean so she officially started her acting career with drama 'The Person I Love' in 2007.
1592.txt: Her father died when she was only two um well you know like months old, forcing her mother to move to California so okay um I mean to find work, where Evans' mother took a job as a maid at First National Studios.
2873.txt: On 11 May, Colin discharged himself from hospital, Jason and uh well I mean I mean Julie looked after him at Eileen's, who vowed never to speak um you know so okay to her father again and didn't want him in the house but relented due to his frail state.
3424.txt: Since its cityhood in 1998, the city's economy is dependent so so you know I mean on agriculture and fishing however, a growing industry in machinery and tourism okay okay so so has contributed well to the city's annual income making it one of um I mean you know well the fastest growing new cities in the last 10 years.
858.txt: Despite interest from Portugal, Dier opted to represent England like I mean uh uh in international football, and in November 2015, made his debut for the senior team.
3785.txt: The Monument is thought to be the first of well you know um I mean its kind in Europe, it is located in the Peace Village of Mesen, Belgium.
2770.txt: Mumtaz married Mayur Madhvani on 29 May 1974; they have two daughters, Natasha and Tanya.
2547.txt: Like Li's previous film, 'Blind Shaft', which dealt like I mean um like with the notoriously dangerous mining industry, 'Blind Mountain' turns a you know well um uh sharply critical eye towards another one of China's continuing social problems, this time the illegal sex slave trade.
1447.txt: He moved to Zanesville, Ohio, in 1805 after Pres. Thomas uh you know well uh Jefferson appointed him receiver of the land office at Zanesville, okay well um okay and served from 1805 to December 1826 when he resigned in favor of his son Bernard.
645.txt: Built in 1888, the 'Sea Wing' was long, a I mean like um so beam amidship and a height of to her pilot house.
4626.txt: This engine was based on the M50TU out of the 325 um um like okay but was bored out to yield greater displacement so okay so uh and utilized the same cylinder head but with more aggressive cams and valvetrain.
1297.txt: He asks Tom Lawlor to hit him who at first declines to do so.
4709.txt: To achieve this, Turkish Philanthropy Funds work with donors to understand uh uh you know okay the philanthropic goals and develop smart social investments and you know you know I mean um screen nonprofits and the support the most effective programs to maximize the impact of giving.
4165.txt: The magazine was founded in Australia by Geoff like you know you know I mean Hill in approximately 1984, relocating to the United Kingdom ca.
4899.txt: While Faith No More's music is generally labeled as you know uh so well alternative metal, experimental rock, and, as Faith No Man, their sound was described as post-punk.
1579.txt: Hector's Ichthyosaur, or the New Zealand Ichthyosaur is so um so like an unidentified, extinct genus of ichthyosaur discovered in 1874 you know okay uh well which remains have been lost, it may be the largest animal ever to have existed.
2521.txt: Leanne's latest client turns out to be Liam's brother, Paul (Sean okay like so like Gallagher), and he threatens to tell Liam that she well I mean so so is an escort but keeps quiet after Leanne threatens to okay you know um well tell his wife, Carla (Alison King), about his activities.
4671.txt: This year, Allen received a nomination for the you know you know uh I mean NAACP Image Award for Best Jazz Album in 2011 'Geri you know um like like Allen & Timeline Live', she was also nominated for The well well uh okay 10th Annual Independent Music Awards under the Live Performance Album, category.
2047.txt: In one sense, the Fundamental Orders were replaced by a Royal okay um so um Charter in 1662, but the major outline of the charter well so uh well was written in Connecticut and embodied the Orders' rights and mechanics.
2211.txt: It is developed into three phases and lies near Fruit Market and has many IT companies coming Up.
1486.txt: He served as Deputy Minister of Education of Myanmar from uh you know I mean okay 1994 to 1999 under of Dictator Than Shwe's Cabinet, okay you know like so and served as chairman of the Union Civil Service Selection and Training Board from 1999 to 2009.
1423.txt: He joined the army to further his education okay so like well in his chosen field, and became the Joe team's communications expert.
3033.txt: Parsons Horological Institute (originally, La Porte School for Watchmakers; well uh like okay also known as Parsons Horological School) was an American horological school I mean uh like I mean in La Porte, Indiana, which was moved to Peoria, Illinois where it because a department of Bradley University.
4736.txt: Tomáš Galásek (born 15 January 1973 in Frýdek - Místek) okay well uh okay is a former Czech football player, he is you know um you know um a Holding midfielder who is also strong as a centre back, who played for FSV Erlangen - Bruck.
3892.txt: The address of the motel is in Rialto, but the motel is itself completely located inside San Bernardino.
1891.txt: In 2006, he appeared in the BBC singing competition Just the um well uh you know Two of Us, his singing partner was former Atomic Kitten singer Natasha Hamilton.
4284.txt: The political power gradually shifted to the civil officials, while you know I mean so so that of the nobility and military establishment waned, even though so okay so like they had been important members of the ruling elite during the Hongwu and Yongle reigns.
2887.txt: On 27 November 2013, in a 0 − 2 loss um um well like at C. D. Aves, he was sent off in the 71st like like I mean well minute for fouling Pedro Pereira, being again redcarded in okay you know okay well a goalless draw against S. C. Covilhã the following month.
960.txt: During the summer vacation, he frequented J's bar okay well like well with his friend 'Rat' and spent much time drinking beer obsessively.
3005.txt: Over 57 % of historic vessels recorded on the like uh okay you know NRHV are either privately owned or commercially operated, I mean well uh well with museums and charitable trusts accounting for 14 % of the total.
4835.txt: Vidal taught aeronautics at West Point and was one you know well okay you know of the first Army Air Corps pilots, being later one of the pioneers in the commercial aviation industry.
1702.txt: However, as he sat in prison awaiting trail and the prosecutors you know um I mean so were building their case, a number of key witnesses turned up like um so so dead and due to the lack of evidence provided by Russian authorities, a conviction was not possible.
2398.txt: Joshua Malik 'Josh' Childress (born June 20, 1983) is an American like um I mean I mean professional basketball player who last played for the New Orleans Pelicans of the NBA.
2011.txt: In chess, the Grünfeld, exchange variation chess opening occurs after uh so uh you know 1. D4 Nf6 2. C4 g6 3. Nc3 d5 4. Cxd5 Nxd5.
4781.txt: Unable to speak from his mortal wound and with his uh uh I mean you know right hand useless from the paralysis, Avery with his so I mean you know I mean left hand scribbled a simple note for Tate: ' Major, um okay you know so tell my father I died with my face to the enemy.
3017.txt: PSR J1614 -- 2230 spins on its axis roughly um like okay um 317 times per second, corresponding to a period of 3 I mean like uh okay. 15 milliseconds, and like all pulsars, emits radiation in a beam, much like a lighthouse.
728.txt: Chaplin finally re-hired Cherrill to finish 'City Lights' well um I mean so and Cherrill demanded and got a raise to $ 75 per week.
2690.txt: Meriden, An Anglican School for Girls is an uh I mean like um independent, Anglican, day school for girls, in Strathfield, an inner - western suburb of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
3909.txt: The author of the play was Daisy Wuletich, Gary like uh I mean you know - born, who had visited Bishop Varnava when he you know um like uh was living in Serbia drew upon her personal letters so uh like you know of the Bishop, from an account of the trial, and her personal observations.
886.txt: Dodmen are the human - shaped geoglyphs of Britain, okay I mean um like some believe were designed in the likeness of their purported creators - the surveyors and astronomers of the pre-druidic British Isles.
2444.txt: Keynes believed that the last two of his okay well well uh equations could be solved in isolation, and was mistaken okay I mean like like because he had failed to take account of well you know like um the conversion factor needed between real terms and wage units.
2891.txt: On 30 March 1973 he collapsed in his hotel like um uh so room in Plymouth and spent four days in hospital uh uh I mean okay in hospital but he was discharged after recovering like um well okay but died on 6 June 1973 from an accidental overdose of sleeping pills, on the day of his mother's funeral.
4022.txt: The estate of Bulmershe Court once belonged to the well um I mean well Abbey of Reading in the C18th it became the home of Henry Addington, Viscount Sidmouth, Prime Minister.
1633.txt: His father was Nasser Hejazi and his mother, Behnaz married with Nasser in 1973.
2194.txt: It includes such fields as womens studies and lesbian and okay um I mean um gay studies, although some scholars in those fields reject this term.
2718.txt: Miranda was born in Aguada, Puerto Rico and so uh uh so grew up in New York City on East 13th Street in Manhattan's East Village.
1330.txt: He developed wheels named 'Bones' because of the color of like um okay like his first urethane wheels: while Powell was making them in like so I mean uh his kitchen, someone mentioned they had a color like a human bone.
4605.txt: This 'injury' allowed Beyer to leave the Minneapolis area to well so uh I mean join a wrestling tour in Japan and have another so like so um outstanding feud with Mil Máscaras which resulted in a series of seven matches.
1513.txt: He was a founder of Norway's foremost architecture gallery, you know um well um Galleri Rom in 1986 and apart from being a member of uh uh uh um the Norwegian Architectural Association (NAL), he has also served on their Design Competition Committee.
4304.txt: The proof of the upward part of the theorem you know I mean well like also shows that a theory with arbitrarily large finite models must you know well okay you know have an infinite model; sometimes this is considered to be part of the theorem.
4425.txt: The term Branhamism is an exonym used to refer you know so like um to the teachings of Rev. Branham; however, this term I mean uh so so is disliked by believers as Rev. Branham strongly denounced organized religion and categorization.
3056.txt: Per Bill (1958 --) is a Swedish politician of the Moderate Party, member of the Riksdag since 1994.
4183.txt: The mausoleum was most recently restored in 1999 - 2003, as so I mean okay uh part of the Azerbaijan Cultural Heritage Support Project of the World Bank, um like you know uh and also depicted on the obverse of the Azerbaijani 50, 000 manat banknote of 1996 - 2006.
405.txt: Arriving in Bad Wiessee around 6 - 7h when the um like like like SA, still in bed, were taken by surprise, the uh like like so SS stormed the hotel and Hitler personally placed Röhm and other high - ranking SA leaders under arrest.
1017.txt: Established in 1921 in Mandello del Lario, Italy, the company uh um you know okay is noted for its historic role in Italy's motorcycling like okay I mean so manufacture, its prominence worldwide in motorcycle racing, and industry you know uh I mean okay innovations -- including the first motorcycle center stand, wind tunnel and eight - cylinder engine.
575.txt: Bhatt is best known for his Grammy award so you know so like winning album 'A Meeting by the River' with Ry Cooder, as uh you know um well well as other fusion and pan-cultural collaborations with Western uh you know okay well artists such asTaj Mahal, Béla Fleck and Jerry Douglas.
2289.txt: It was first published on 1 March 1870 as I mean um like okay an eight - page monthly, composed of scriptural interpretations, exhortations to piety, and news on church affairs.
707.txt: Carter Ferguson is a Scottish based fight director and actor, uh uh like okay with over 500 professional credits including 140 episodes of okay okay um like the Scottish soap opera 'River City' in which he appeared as Harry Black.
3416.txt: Since 2004 he has lived in Argyll and Bute, in Helensburgh with his wife and two daughters.
3333.txt: She described Montreal as 'not a city that revolves around acting, you know um um um so you stay very grounded here' to 'Hour' magazine, and uh um you know I mean includes reading, writing, going to art galleries, and experiencing music as her leisure activities.
4055.txt: The final model was the top of this sector, the so you know uh like Canon FT QL, which was developed to combat the growing um like you know you know popularity of the Pentax Spotmatic variants as well as the Topcon RE SLRs.
2602.txt: Mahmud fought in the 1973 October War against Israel and led forces against Israeli troops invading Lebanon in 1982.
3411.txt: Since 1970 Oxford has annexed large amounts of um um I mean like land to the south Dante's Inferno making the ruler like uh you know I mean of Dante's Inferno, Dante to become increasingly angry prompting him to cry and boycott Oxford businesses.
509.txt: Auguste Le Duc started on a bridge between the okay well okay uh two islands, which was quickly swept away by the forces of nature.
887.txt: Dogs get ample correct nutrition from their natural, normal well okay you know um diet; wild and feral dogs can usually get all so uh I mean like the nutrients needed from a diet of whole prey and raw meat.
3141.txt: Rahman K. M. M. , Khan M. M. H & well well like I mean Rakhimov I. I. (2015) They sometimes feed on dead animals.
811.txt: Croatia soon became labelled as favourites for the uh so uh well tournament, but suffered an exit in the quarter - I mean you know so I mean finals against Turkey, and he admitted that the okay okay I mean um defeat would haunt him and his squad for the rest of their lives.
3738.txt: The Independent Safeguarding Authority (ISA) is a non-departmental public body you know so um so created by the UK Government in response to the inquiry like you know I mean I mean headed by Sir Michael Bichard that was set up in the wake of the Soham Murders.
4665.txt: This was Georgia's first year in the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic um so like well Association, a conference that it founded along with Alabama, Auburn, Georgia Tech, North Carolina and Vanderbilt.
3478.txt: Sophia Hinerangi, sometimes known as Te Paea, took okay so I mean like over as principal guide from the older Kate Middlemass well you know I mean well in the early 1880s, she became recognised as the principal tourist guide of the Pink and White Terraces.
4800.txt: Unlike traditional virtual machines, a Docker container does uh you know I mean I mean not include a separate operating system, instead it relies on the operating system's functionality provided by the underlying infrastructure.
3557.txt: Talbot's father's, Serge, is a construction worker; his mother Lucie is a high school teacher.
2126.txt: Indeed, the country, as well as most countries in so uh um I mean the Americas, subscribes to the 'Jus soli' principle, that is, anyone born in the country acquires, unequivocally, Salvadorian citizenship.
4052.txt: The film was declared a hit at the box so so I mean okay office banking on songs and Tabu. Was dubbed into Tamil with the same title.
1380.txt: He holds the title of 'World's Fastest Violinist', has multiple well uh uh like albums distributed globally by Ambition Entertainment, and tours throughout Australia and the globe with his own show 'Beyond the Danube'.
551.txt: Being a reserve officer, Bagradian becomes suspicious when he is I mean well like okay not called up; learning that Turkish authorities have seized the internal passports of Armenian citizens further fuels his suspicions.
3851.txt: The Terminal frame alignment pattern is carried in odd um uh well um - numbered frames, inside the super frame, and consists you know well I mean okay of alternating 1s and 0s: 1 -- 0 -- 1 -- 0 -- 1 -- 0.
1354.txt: He had been working in a call centre in Delhi uh um okay you know for 18 months after which he went to well like okay well Mumbai in 2009 with a dream to be an actor.
4510.txt: There are several temples, mosques and churches, as well as colleges, schools and other institutes.
2583.txt: Lunardi flew in a hydrogen balloon from the area of so so I mean so the Honourable Artillery Company near Moorfields, first landing okay okay well like at North Mimms and then continued his flight to land at Long Mead, Hertfordshire after flying 24 miles.
703.txt: Carlton House, London and the Royal Naval College, Greenwich, I mean you know uh so whilst shortly after her death a large quantity was used in the refurbishment of Buckingham Palace.
2455.txt: Kilpatrick was elected minority floor leader for the Michigan okay I mean so I mean Democratic party, serving in that position 1998 to 2000, well uh well um and subsequently house minority leader in 2001, the first African American to hold that position.
4741.txt: Torquay is a seaside town in Devon, England, part of the unitary authority area of Torbay.
1202.txt: German submarine 'U- 15' was a Type IIB U-boat of okay okay like you know the German 'Kriegsmarine', commissioned on March 7, 1936 following construction at the Deutsche Werke shipyards at Kiel.
4806.txt: Upon his recommendation he was released and hired by the um like okay you know Hamburg Opera where in two years he was to gain enough experience to be hired by Wiesbaden.
571.txt: Between 15 May 2003 and 10 April 2013, the you know so uh I mean Red Sox sold out every home game (794 okay I mean uh uh regular season games, 820 including post-season gagems); in 2008, the well uh uh so park sold out its 456th consecutive Red Sox game, breaking a Major League Baseball record.
4524.txt: There is an established population of redback spiders in Osaka, Japan, thought to have arrived in cargoes of wood chips.
1508.txt: He tried to meet her, but it was forbidden so I mean um so because she was a grave murderer, and he was eventually allowed to meet her on September 27, 2005.
1215.txt: Glenfield has its own village newspaper, The Glenfield Gazette, and the parish so I mean okay you know council own several areas of recreational land, including Ellis Park, Station Park and the Playing Fields.
2173.txt: It comprises 17 acres along the Chelsea River and okay I mean like uh Mill Creek with around 400 artists lofts with retail and creative commercial space.
1378.txt: He has won 48 events on the Japan Golf Tour, okay uh I mean uh where he was the leading money winner in 1982, 1983, 1985 and 1986.
2695.txt: Mexico did not recognize British possession of the territory until you know okay like okay the late nineteenth century, and the Mexican government's desire to well you know okay uh end arms and ammunition smuggling from Belize Mayan supplied by rebels during the Caste War, prolonged the situation.
1455.txt: He played Larry in the western / drama 'Hard Country' well like okay so (1981) with Jan - Michael Vincent and Kim Basinger; then played Deputy Dodd in the slasher / horror film' (1985).
593.txt: Bob Layton is an American comic book artist, I mean like uh like who has worked for Marvel Comics, Valiant Comics, DC Comics, Future Comics, amongst other smaller publications.
1241.txt: Greaves Cotton Ltd. Is an engineering company located and registered in uh okay well okay India that manufactures engines and heavy equipment, um you know um so with shares traded on the National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) and the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
339.txt: Amanda Rosenberg is a Google Product Marketing Manager credited with so okay you know um coining the speech recognition phrase 'O. K. , Glass'.
1765.txt: Immobiliare's largest share holder was the Vatican with okay like you know okay a 15 % of the shares however you know like so you know most of its holdings in the company were sold in the late 60s to Gulf Western.
447.txt: As noted above, the present - day medical study of gender um okay you know you know variance is much broader than Benjamin's early description, and use you know like uh so of this term has been criticized for delegitimizing gender - variant people with different experiences.
1651.txt: His mother ran a bail bonds business out of Denver, um I mean okay uh Colorado it was then that at the age of fourteen Tim made his first civilian arrest.
1203.txt: Germany has continued to rule this out, but he has won a formal apology from the German government.
462.txt: As time passed, the suffix - 'ava' could have changed okay well okay okay into - 'uva', as the two are from the same suffix branch.
999.txt: Ellis was born in London in 1747, the son of uh um so I mean a writing engraver, and was placed as a pupil with William Woollett.
4263.txt: The pallial line is a mark on a the I mean you know um like interior of a bivalve mollusk shell's valves where the okay um I mean okay mantle muscles attach, which in clams with two adductor muscles usually joins the marks where the adductor muscles attach.
1532.txt: He was born in Portland, Cumberland County, Maine, the son of William Widgery Thomas and Elizabeth White (Goddard) Thomas.
2419.txt: KSAT is not tied to a particular operator of satellites like uh like I mean and some of the antennas communicate with multiple satellites, thus reducing costs compared to dedicated ground stations.
4387.txt: The song is a moderate up - tempo whose central so I mean I mean uh character is a recently - married male sitting on um like well okay a bench at a shopping mall, waiting for his wife to finish shopping.
2130.txt: Indigenous Australians began to be enfranchised within Parliamentary systems uh okay you know okay of the Australian colonies during the 1850s, however the well uh like you know granting of voting rights was uneven and restricted altogether in some colonies (and later states).
3860.txt: The U. S. Kids Golf Foundation was established in I mean I mean okay you know 2001 and the Play & Learn and Tournaments divisions fall under the Foundation's umbrella.
340.txt: American and British cooperation ended with the Atomic Energy Act um okay um so of 1946, and in October 1952, Britain became the third country to test an independently developed nuclear weapon.
4440.txt: The town was important during the Anglo - Saxon era uh um I mean okay when the Blackburnshire Hundred came into existence as a territorial division of the kingdom of Northumbria.
1382.txt: He idolised words, especially in his travel books; he is um okay um well an epicurean and writes with imagination about the outward appearance of our every - day life.
1720.txt: However, social learning is not essential to tool use; you know uh you know like juvenile woodpecker finches develop tool use regardless of whether they have a model to learn from.
2617.txt: Mandy was the younger sister of the band's drummer Randy like like like like Ragsdale, who had died in an auto accident you know um um well near College Station, Texas on the way to see uh um well I mean her brother perform in College Station, and who's favorite color was purple.
2822.txt: Nikos Karabelas (born December 20 1984 in Pyrgos) like you know okay I mean is a Greek football player currently playing as a um I mean like uh left full back for AEK Athens F. C. In the Greek Super League.
4210.txt: The name was used in the XVI century after okay like okay uh Ilha de Vera Cruz went into disuse, for it I mean well I mean well was reckognised it was a continent, not an island anymore; uh okay I mean you know and before the country was administratively divided into the vice-kingdom of Brazil and that of Grão - Pará.
4667.txt: This was changed to a small firework explosion uh well you know okay for Series 3 but the smoke returned for Series 4 and remained until the end.
4673.txt: Thomas Frederick Cheeseman (1846 -- 15 October 1923) was a New like uh okay like Zealand botanist and also a naturalist who had a uh well I mean you know wide - ranging interest in natural history, such that uh I mean like so he even described a few species of sea slugs, marine gastropod molluscs.
3739.txt: The Inn is popular with tourists, and with fans of Australian music legends Jimmy Barnes and Slim Dusty.
2374.txt: John Brown Clark (born 22 September 1964) is a Scottish I mean you know you know um former footballer who played for Dundee United, Stoke City, Falkirk, Dunfermline um well uh um Athletic, Ross County, Ayr United and Berwick Rangers.
620.txt: Both Catholic and the Orthodox clergy interpret the Ottoman era okay so I mean you know as a repressive one that contained anti-Christian discrimination and okay like like you know violence, while Islam is viewed as 'foreign' challenging Albanian tradition and cohesion.
3826.txt: The SI derived unit of conductance is the siemens uh I mean like like ( also called the 'mho', because it is the reciprocal of electrical resistance, measured in ohms ).
3480.txt: Soumya Ranjan Patnaik (born 18 August 1952) is the founder and editor of Oriya daily Sambad.
4834.txt: Victor studied medicine at the Kharkov National Medical University and graduated in 1973 with diploma with honours.
3601.txt: The 2000 Kuala Lumpur al - Qaeda Summit was a well so you know well meeting of several high - level al - Qaeda members held um well okay like in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia from January 5, 2000 to January 8, 2000.
271.txt: Again, the previous race record was broken, this time uh uh so uh by Great Wall Marathon first - timer Romualdo Sanchez Garita from Mexico.
2916.txt: On June 23, 2014 Moore drove to Grand well uh like well Saline, parked his car in a Dollar General lot, poured gasoline on himself and set himself ablaze.
8.txt: 'Bellringer' was in fact a derivative of 'Hellbringer,' a nickname so well um so given to him by fellow musician Dan Massie in reference to his unquenchable thirst for debauchery and outlandish clothing.
935.txt: During law school, she was the managing editor um uh um well at the' Fordham Environmental Law Journal, and first gained notice as uh okay um so the moderator of a panel about citing electric generators in New York City under New York energy law.
3487.txt: Speer states that Hitler made harsh pronouncements against the you know uh so so church to his political associates and though he never officially left it, he had no attachment to it.
3893.txt: The advantages of using a static balancer are you know you know uh um speed and price, however a static balancer can you know so okay well only correct in one plane, so its accuracy is limited.
401.txt: Around a month after its supposed release in 1981, 'Polybius' is um uh you know um said to have disappeared without a trace, leaving no evidence that such a game has ever existed.
2720.txt: Mishka (born Alexander Mishka Frith, 1974) is a reggae like you know uh okay singer from Bermuda, who released an album on Creation Records in you know well you know well 1999, and had a hit single in the UK with 'Give You All The Love'.
1708.txt: However, he would never play any official games for I mean like uh I mean the club, as all of the team's foreign player uh you know you know I mean spots were used up; he was quickly loaned out I mean um I mean you know to fellow La Liga side UD Almería, but met the same fate.
1481.txt: He rose up to work in the Directorate of Plans, a um I mean okay uh position from which he warned against becoming involved in a failed 1958 rebellion in Indonesia.
4937.txt: Winnipeg's two - point convert failed but B. C well uh okay well. 's Ian Smart fumbled the kickoff that would set up Rob Pikula's winning field goal.
2907.txt: On December 12 in an interview on CNN's 'New Day,' I mean um um so Himes said that he was troubled by several actions by so like I mean I mean the president - elect, compounded with Trump's criticism of the CIA and the intelligence community.
3188.txt: Riverside is one of America's most congested cities because of well I mean so like heavy traffic, it used to be at the top uh I mean well okay of the list, but it has gone down to number 19.
2985.txt: Originally connecting Effingham, Illinois to Cairo, Illinois, it was uh okay I mean so a heavily - traveled highway before Interstate 57, which lies uh you know uh you know very close to most of Illinois 37 (indeed the entire I mean well I mean I mean route north of Pulleys Mills), supplanted it as a through route.
4732.txt: Tom Bagwell of Wyandotte, libertarian activist and former you know like okay well Ypsilanti Township Park Commissioner won the Libertarian Party Nomination for District 12 on May 14, 2016 in Lansing, Michigan.
2408.txt: Julie begins to question him about his family, and like you know like uh he gives some details and after some research, Julie so like so well learns that Dennis is their cousin as Elsie Tanner was the sister of her grandfather, Arnley Grimshaw.
1085.txt: Following local regulatory clearance the practice of Barlow Lyde so okay okay uh & Gilbert in Shanghai will also be you know okay you know okay transferred to Barlow Lyde & Gilbert LLP, with a you know so I mean um separate but affiliated partnership known as Barlow Lyde & Gilbert continuing to operate in Hong Kong.
2998.txt: Otway - Ruthven p. 38 Understandably Bathe did not uh um like okay choose to appear, and was deprived of his estates, you know you know uh okay although it seems that he was able to have like uh I mean okay a portion of them regranted to his son John Bathe of Ardee.
3003.txt: Outside of the Philippines, many Filipino restaurants offer variants of you know okay okay uh siopao with local ingredients ranging from Spam and canned pineapple in so like so okay Hawaii, to haute cuisine concoctions involving Pate d'Foie Gras and truffles.
1177.txt: Gamer. Tv is a long - running weekly television show featuring topical video game news, previews, reviews and features.
3096.txt: Power cycling is a standard diagnostic procedure uh um um well usually performed first when the computer freezes however, frequently power cycling a computer can cause thermal stress.
450.txt: As part of the Chickasaw tribe's arrangement with the like uh so you know U. S. Government, the park does not charge an admission fee.
617.txt: Borroni signed up in January 1917 to the 6th so I mean like I mean Bersaglieres Bologna, he first saw action in Pasubio, where he fought the Austro - Hungarian forces.
237.txt: After recovery of most important works in 1815, the large collection so um so you know was re-housed in the Mauritshuis and the old location was kept on as an archive.
1243.txt: Greenhill School is a co-educational day school in Addison, Texas, I mean I mean you know well United States that was founded in 1950 by Bernard Fulton.
2708.txt: Military scholars at the time rejected Medieval tactics, instead referring back to earlier Roman and Greek writers for their strategems.
1886.txt: In 2005, the company signed on electronic music superstar okay you know I mean so deadmau5 when the company head Melleefresh discovered the artist so you know okay you know where the two collaborated on a number of releases under the Play Records duo Freshmau5.
2599.txt: Madeleine Duncan Brown (July 5, 1925 -- June 22, 2002) was a uh um I mean well Texas woman who, among other things, claimed to have been okay you know um like the mistress of U. S. President Lyndon Johnson for more than two decades.
350.txt: An alternative etymology was advanced by writer and scholar Ioana Pârvulescu, okay like um you know as the combination of two contradictory terms: 'ursuz' ( 'surly' ) and 'amuz' ( 'I amuse' ).
4045.txt: The film received generally mixed to positive reviews from critics; review well well uh um aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reported that 59 % of critics gave the film positive reviews, based on 101 reviews.
883.txt: Do Re Creativa TV was a Colombian 'programadora' created and owned by Jimmy Salcedo.
2762.txt: Mr. Blossom is tired from a long day's work, so he um I mean uh uh asks Peter to lock up the store for well you know okay uh him, telling him that he can pick a toy for himself as a bonus.
4396.txt: The spirit was associated with a hermit woman like so like like living in the Abbey sometime after the 1745 Jacobite Rebellion, well uh I mean you know whom claimed that the spirit regularly conversed with her and so you know I mean uh kept the cell she lived in dry by stamping moisture away from the ground with his iron boots.
2942.txt: On the January 28, 2013 episode of 'Raw', Snuka okay so well you know faced Divas Champion Kaitlyn in a non-title lumberjill match, however, okay like um so the match ended in a no - contest after the Lumberjills interfered.
4259.txt: The origins of the term 'single - page application' uh I mean like okay are unclear, though the concept was discussed at least as early as 2003.
2205.txt: It is also a part of something bigger okay uh so um than itself: for example, a vignette about a house belonging like I mean well uh to a collection of vignettes or a whole you know I mean well um story, such as The House On Mango Street by Sandra Cisneros.
4801.txt: Unofficially, the overtaking lane is also called the outer well okay well uh or outside lane, since the edge of the road nearer you know like uh you know to the verge (or nearer the hard shoulder, like I mean uh uh if there is one) is considered 'inside' the other lanes.
3176.txt: Revolution '69' was the final studio album by like um well like the group, featuring Joe Butler as lead singer on most well like okay uh tracks, following the departure of former lead vocalist and songwriter John Sebastian.
4669.txt: This was seen as a problem for the Spanish authorities, because okay like you know well if the population became mostly French, there could be okay okay so um problems of loyalty toward Spain, so the Monarchy I mean um I mean um decided to install Spanish families in order to counteract the Frenchification of the colony.
668.txt: By chance, during his transformations into a werewolf, he falls I mean uh I mean okay into the castle's frozen catacombs and revives Frankenstein's monster (Bela Lugosi) who had been frozen in ice.
4511.txt: There are turning points for trucks every and lights and like you know well like barriers at the entrances to notify drivers if the tunnel uh so uh um is closed, as well as radio coverage and a system to register you know okay okay I mean the position and key information about all vehicles in the tunnel.
1885.txt: In 2005, the Royals continued their youth movement, with you know like so uh one of the smallest payrolls in the Major Leagues you know uh you know I mean and with six of their starting position players, three so well um okay of their five starting pitchers, and their setup man and closer under the age of 30.
1661.txt: His skills is common to Cyrus Baguio, a slasher and a shooter.
3549.txt: T. F. Green is also visited daily by a Boeing okay well uh like 727 flown with FedEx, with fewer than 75 Boeing 727's um you know you know so remaining in the fleet, FedEx is one of the few air carriers still flying this aircraft.
3388.txt: She was born on a plantation said to be okay so so okay the inspiration for 'Uncle Tom's Cabin' worked as a farm hand, never learning to read or write.
3695.txt: The Duke was described as 'The most beautiful Prince in Europe' and as sensitive, passive and spoiled by his mother.
2896.txt: On April 23, 2013, the show introduced the new 'Mad okay so uh like Money' set which replaced a variation of the um I mean I mean well original set that had been used since the show's 2005 debut.
4416.txt: The tabla player Zakir Hussain invited him to share the stage I mean well okay like with himself and Trilok Gurtu at a fusion concert I mean okay uh so in Mumbai. Logesh has since collaborated with several musicians including Louis Banks.
133.txt: A widened mediastinum (usually found via a chest like uh uh I mean x-ray) is a classic hallmark sign of anthrax posioning and, at this point, the disease is typically fatal.
110.txt: A revival opened on Broadway at the Gerald Schoenfeld like uh um um Theatre on March 6, 2012 in previews and officially on April 1, 2012, Haun, Harry.
905.txt: Dr. U Hla Pe, Emeritus Professor of Burmese at well well uh you know the University of London was born in 1913 in Kha - okay I mean okay I mean ye village in Moulmein (Mawlamyine), Burma, where he was brought up by four spinster aunts.
3861.txt: The UFW gave no structural power to farm workers, as um you know um uh there were no locals elected as staff and because the well um like okay survival of the staff wasn't linked directly to membership well like you know like since they made more money from outside sources than union dues.
4913.txt: While pursuing her search, Claire reaches Harris and finds Joe like okay uh okay at a cafe when her car breaks down, okay you know I mean well however she is surprised when he doesnt recognize her and the people around call him Tommy (Thomas Warner).
3398.txt: Shortly after, Jessica reprimands Mike loudly in the hallway, I mean so well I mean revealing to the firm that Daniel had an affair paid for with embezzled money.
2702.txt: Michael soon understood he was no more able uh um well so to face these things and retired from the position like um um like leaving everything (business, family etc.) for his nephew Vincent Corleone.
4574.txt: They built a small chapel that was dedicated to you know like so well the Virgen del Pilar, whose image had been given by Bishop like you know I mean you know Hall so that the fledgling town was named town of like uh okay okay Our Lady of the Pillar of Three Rivers, or simply people of Pilar.
1263.txt: Hall invented several other tools used for Braille okay I mean you know okay communication, most notably a stereotyper used to make typeset plates for printing Braille books.
353.txt: An estate agent being used as a term in well okay okay okay the United Kingdom means a person or organization whose business okay I mean uh you know is to market real estate on behalf of clients, but there okay I mean um I mean are significant differences between the actions and liabilities of brokers and estate agents in each country.
3428.txt: Since the map is already displayed, there is no um okay uh like actual exploration to be done; instead players are rewarded so like well so for being the first to reach different regions and return safely.
4185.txt: The measured accuracy of prediction in a centralized approach is um okay um like better than a decentralized method, but both of these methods have advantages and disadvantages.
3754.txt: The Kanem - Bornu Empire and the Sokoto Caliphate um okay well um were major historical Islamic states in northern Nigeria that okay like um I mean were strong states with strong kings who held an well okay so well advanced legal and taxation systems, with religion serving to legitimize the power of the king and to unite the people.
1242.txt: Greenfield - Central High School is part of the I mean uh you know uh Hoosier Heritage Conference and offers soccer, tennis, cross country, football, you know uh I mean like golf, volleyball, basketball, cheerleading, swimming, wrestling, baseball, softball, and track and field.
1584.txt: Henry Louis 'Skip' Gates, Jr. , (born September 16, um so so um 1950) is the Alphonse Fletcher University Professor and Director of the well well okay like Hutchins Center for African & African American Research at Harvard University.
2239.txt: It is the seat of the district of the same um uh um like name, and is located on the northwestern shore I mean so you know uh of Lake Geneva ( 'Lac Léman' ) between Nyon and Lausanne.
175.txt: Adams was named the State MVP, and this was Decatur's first soccer state championship.
3500.txt: State Apprenticeship Advisers are responsible for implementation of the um um um like Act in respect of Trade Apprentices in State 411 HRD well um I mean well is responsible for implementation of the Act in respect of Graduate, Technician & Technician (Vocational) Apprentices.
1257.txt: Hajime Itoi (born June 22, 1971 in Gifu) is a okay uh so okay retired male backstroke swimmer from Japan, who represented his native well uh uh um country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1992.
181.txt: Admirals Nimitz and Halsey expressed their satisfaction with the battle uh well you know so Kinkaid's force had put up against heavy odds, and okay uh um well the destroyers in the 'Hornet' and 'Enterprise' screens were commended for a stellar effort.
477.txt: At around 1: 30am on 21 May, he started his okay okay I mean well spree by killing his own grandmother, who had brought him so I mean uh uh up after his parents died when he was a baby.
261.txt: After the sole emperor of all the Roman uh you know so I mean Empire Constantine built the new imperial capital on the Bosphorous, well uh like um i. E. Constantinople, the centre of gravity in the um okay so well empire was fully recognised to have completely shifted to the eastern Mediterranean.
3068.txt: Philatelic International (Filintern) was an international philatelic society of collector - workers in the 1920s to 1940s.
1910.txt: In 2011, the Semi-Professional senior side folded after relegation from okay like I mean so the Northern Premier League, however the club countined, fielding youth you know you know I mean uh teams in the North West Youth Alliance, and a women's team in the North West Women's Regional League.
4969.txt: Wrapping a protective copper jacket around the lead core like okay so okay of a bullet was also a transformative event in firearm like um I mean uh history: from now on bullets could be fired at very high velocities without melting inside a rifle's barrel.
1052.txt: Famous users of this bass are Mikey Welsh of uh so um like Weezer and Krist Novoselic, bassist of Nirvana, in I mean I mean like so the 'Come as You Are' video, also, Jeese F. Keeler, from Death From Above 1979.
281.txt: Albert H. Ketcham (August 3, 1870 okay like you know well -- December 6, 1935) was an American orthodontist who was a student of Edward Angle at his Angle School of Orthodontia.
1760.txt: If this worked with all games released is uncertian, you know okay okay you know the accessory was not released widely, and emulation of the technology is, at this time, unavailable.
3134.txt: Raamo D’ok, a 13 - year - old 'Kindar' so so like uh boy in a seemingly idyllic society, learns that he uh uh so uh has been 'Chosen' to join the 'Ol - zhaan,' Green - sky's elite ruling class.
4986.txt: Youngest brother, Des, a Lurgan Dentist, was I mean uh I mean so capped for Ulster at scrum - half and middle so well okay um brother Ken, a Belfast accountant, was a talented scratch golfer and great raconteur.
4912.txt: While most students work toward a Juris Doctor degree (J okay like well like. D.), Cooley also offers the Master of Laws (LL. M) so uh okay um. Degree as well as joint degrees in Master of Business well um um well Administration (J. D. / M. B. A.) and you know well okay I mean Master of Public Administration (J. D. / M. P. A.).
4780.txt: Ultimately no fewer than 10 designs and 12 prototypes were uh you know well um offered, all designed around the Hispano - Suiza 12Xbrs developing at, with proven reliability and a relatively small frontal area.
2683.txt: Members are always attentive to the suffering and needs of others, seeking to serve the needs of many.
1507.txt: He travelled widely and amassed a large collection of Judaic artefacts, like like you know uh visiting Egypt and Palestine, as well as the Caucasus and Crimea.
2191.txt: It has many iStories, all of high quality, well so so uh along with talk about iStories, and talk about um okay well you know iPods, a nice, growing, active community, and many demos uh like uh like that are unreleased to the rest of the public!.
4170.txt: The main oscillator consists of twelve discrete well well okay uh tone generators with octave divide - down to provide full polyphony, uh like like okay while the built - in chorus effect like okay uh like utilizes bucket - brigade devices controlled by two LFOs more characteristic of synthesizers to create the characteristic vibrato.
209.txt: After being drafted by the NFL's Buffalo Bills in the fifth well um I mean well round (115th selection overall) of the 1975 NFL draft, McCrumbly played I mean okay okay like 13 games for the Bills at linebacker that season, starting two games.
3173.txt: Returning to Washington on April 21 in response to okay uh like um a Senate subpoena, Custer found he was the center of um like um okay a vilification campaign in the press, accused of perjury and disparagement of brother officers.
2454.txt: Kilgarvan commands high house prices due to its central location well well you know like and idyllic setting, prices in Kilgarvan have also mirrored so like okay you know the national trend of rapid increases since 2002 as part of the Irish Property Bubble.
2030.txt: In his first year with Dorsey, Sinatra released over like so you know I mean forty songs, with 'I'll Never Smile Again' topping the charts for twelve weeks beginning in mid-July.
2925.txt: On November 2008, he agreed to join a team based uh well like you know in Brunei DPMM Brunei for 2009 Malaysia League season, after finishing his duty with the national team.
2935.txt: On a special episode of 'Raw' dubbed 'Thursday Raw Thursday', so like you know so Michaels vacated the WWF World Heavyweight Championship; he like okay I mean okay explained to fans that he was informed by doctors that okay I mean uh I mean he had conjured a knee injury, and that he had to retire.
3725.txt: The Großes Wiesbachhorn (3, 564 m) is a mountain um okay uh okay in Salzburg, Austria and is the third - highest peak of the Hohe Tauern range.
2511.txt: Later he became strongly anti-Communist, and by the end of the 1930s called himself a Fascist.
4949.txt: With the backing of General Cornwallis, Ferguson could ride well so uh um to meet Shelby with his entire force, so Shelby retreated over the Appalachian Mountains into North Carolina.
3903.txt: The anime debuted with 'Take Your Way' by Livetune well I mean I mean so feat. Fukase as the opening theme for the first eight episodes and um I mean uh I mean then from the eleventh, although it is not played but credited in both the ninth and tenth episodes.
3276.txt: Season 3 is not a live - action show, uh okay um okay but a six - part comic book series 'from the minds' okay um uh well of the original Jericho production team and written by the Jericho writing team.
527.txt: Barton in the Beans is a hamlet in the okay like you know well Hinckley and Bosworth district of Leicestershire, England and forms part of the Shackerstone civil parish.
730.txt: Charles Quinton 'Charlie' Murphy (born July 12, 1959) is an you know so like well American actor, comedian and writer, famous for being a cast I mean okay like like member and writer on the Comedy Central sketch - comedy series 'Chappelle's Show'.
4668.txt: This was enough to secure him the suffrages okay um you know so of the Paris electors ten days later, and the Mountain was uh like uh uh strengthened by the accession of an ally whose one idea um I mean I mean uh was to use his new power to revenge himself on his former colleagues.
4476.txt: The word 'bar' is more common in British English, and like well um you know the word 'measure' is more common in (an incomplete measure okay okay okay like at the head of a piece of music), 'bar 1' or 'm. 1' is the following measure.
2439.txt: Kent State, Northern Illinois and Boise State, who were ranked 17th, 20th and 21st, respectively.
615.txt: Born on Corfu, the eldest of eight children, Somerville received her well you know you know uh primary education at home, later studying art in Paris well uh uh I mean in 1884 and at the Royal Westminster School of Art in London.
1586.txt: Henry became involved in local affairs within the community and stood uh like okay well as a liberal candidate this was to be the beginning of a 36 year history of public service.
4249.txt: The original French edition included multiple illustrations drawn by the I mean you know I mean um author which are executed in a satirical style reflecting Robida's other occupation as a caricaturist.
685.txt: California's 12th congressional district is a congressional district in um like I mean uh the U. S. State of California that is located within the city of San Francisco.
4122.txt: The image rendering takes place in Prisma labs's I mean you know so so servers and it utilizes neutral network and artificial intelligence to add okay you know like like artistic effect and the result in delivered back to the user's phone.
4630.txt: This is a list of episodes of the 'Dragonaut um you know uh I mean - The Resonance -' anime series directed by Manabu I mean okay well I mean Ono and produced by G. D. H. , uh uh I mean so Konami, and Nihon Ad Systems, with the animation produced by Gonzo.
2883.txt: On 23 October she departed, along with USS Hull well uh like so DD 945 and USS Dennis J. Buckley DD - 808 well okay uh so steaming through the Philippine Islands and the San okay um I mean um Bernardino Straits, then hitting open water and heading east, the weather began to turn rough.
4892.txt: When the voltage exceeds a certain value called the you know like okay you know striking voltage, the gas in the tube ionizes, becoming a so so I mean um plasma, and begins conducting electricity, causing it to glow with a colored light.
2218.txt: It is hidden in Viper Manor -- the abode of uh well I mean okay a terrible and powerful aristocrat named Lynx, who gained um so so I mean control of the estate after usurping power from okay you know like so and killing the Acacia Dragoons, a familial unit of warriors.
816.txt: Current prime minister and former president Sali Berisha had well you know okay you know advocated for a president elected by direct popular suffrage, uh like like uh but due to lack of time, such changes could not take place before the 2007 elections.
2954.txt: Once again, Sayf al - Dawla managed to escape, I mean well you know well but hi power was broken: the emirs of Syria began I mean so like um to make terms with the Byzantines, and his authority was increasingly questioned even in his own capital.
2656.txt: Maski Show (, 'Masks Show' ) is an like well like uh Ukrainian comedy TV series that was first aired on like I mean okay I mean October 5, 1991 at Russia 1 (as RTR at this time).
1510.txt: He was Governor of Hong Kong from November 1971 um well like um to May 1982, making him Hong Kong's longest serving governor; like well um like his ten and a half years in office slighty exceeding Sir Alexander Grantham's ten years and 5 months.
1332.txt: He died from a heart attack in Santa Barbara, California okay well I mean um on 6 June 1976, at the age of 85 and was okay well uh uh interred at the Calvary Cemetery, East Los Angeles, California, USA.
2134.txt: Information as to the Council's proceedings were kept quiet until published, however much rumor had to say.
1324.txt: He currently co-hosts the 1UP Yours podcast Until it's re-naming uh like you know like to 1upFM, Bettenhausen was also a regular on the now - defunct EGM Live.
2751.txt: Most of the first Marshalsea, as with the second, okay um well well was taken up by debtors; in 1773, debtors within 12 you know like you know well miles of Westminster could be imprisoned there for a debt of 40 shillings.
3296.txt: Set in the 40th century, in the year so so I mean um 3977, at the planets Earth and Pluto, the background of you know okay so um the story involves a war between the two planets, taking place in 3927.
3385.txt: She was born in Belchertown, Massachusetts and studied at the New Salem Academy.
4053.txt: The film was made in commemoration of the 20th so you know uh uh anniversary of Kazakhstan's independence from the Soviet Union, and cost over $ 7 million (USD).
4569.txt: They are securities printed by the finance ministry of the so so well uh relevant country and are often as detailed in their uh you know well so design as banknotes - usually made from the same type of paper and containing holograms and other anti-counterfeit devices.
896.txt: Dorchester was not established as a separate county until 1897, okay you know so so however, when it was separately established from parts of the neighboring Colleton and Berkeley counties.
1065.txt: Festiva De Juan Pins' is a live album by well well so you know Miles Davis recorded in La Pinède, Juan - les - so like you know well Pins (France) ORTF radio broadcast and first released in Japan on August 29, 1993.
4837.txt: Vincent Cartier, Walter's brother and manager later reflected on his observations of I mean you know like um Kubrick during the filming, ' Stanley was very okay okay like I mean stoic, impassive but imaginative type person with strong, imaginative thoughts.
2515.txt: Later on, he got a camera and took photographs with okay like uh well friends performing fights inspired by Legend of Zelda and Teenage Mutant um like so well Ninja Turtles and on occassions, Rolfe drew on the pictures for extra feel.
984.txt: Edward 'Charles' Dillon Jr. (born on January 30, 1986 in uh uh uh um Ventura, California) played his college career at Ventura College well okay you know I mean for his freshman and sophomore year, before transferring to Washington State University for junior and senior years.
504.txt: At this time, he wrote his most serious poem, like well well well 'Az Apostol' ( 'The Apostle' ), an epic uh so well okay about a fictional revolutionary who, after much suffering, attempts, but fails, to assassinate a fictitious king.
1572.txt: He worked in various positions at NCBS such as those okay like you know well of a Reader (grade F) and an associate professor well so well well until 2014 when he joined Regional Centre for Biotechnology as an associate professor, a post he holds to date.
2821.txt: Nikolas Tomas 'Nik' Stauskas (born October 7, 1993) is I mean so um I mean a Canadian professional basketball player for the Philadelphia 76ers of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
3680.txt: The Corringham Light Railway (CLR) in Essex, England was incorporated you know you know uh like on 10 July 1899 and opened to freight on 1 January 1901, to passengers on 22 June 1901.
3995.txt: The current configuration (as shown in the photo at right) so I mean okay um was adopted in 1965 when the down Wairarapa track was so you know like um moved from the west to the east of the okay um okay like NIMT tracks with additional harbour reclamation during the construction of the Wellington Urban Motorway.
4499.txt: There are a number of issues over which the uh uh so so United States and Europe generally disagree, of course, um I mean um okay there are many other issues upon which they do agree.
3482.txt: South Wood County Airport, also known as Alexander Field, um I mean I mean you know is a public use airport located one nautical okay so I mean okay mile (1. 85 km) south of the central business um I mean well so district of Wisconsin Rapids, a city in Wood County, Wisconsin, United States.
2250.txt: It maintains affiliate offices in Hong Kong like so like um and Honduras and maintains more than four million square feet of so uh well um inventory nationwide and ships to 90 % of the U. S. Population via overnight delivery services.
3007.txt: Over the years the centre addressed youth employment needs -- founding I mean you know okay uh a small farm -- and initiated a youth like so you know so addiction and mental illness program (1989), buttressed in 1995 with a $ 890, 000 grant.
1971.txt: In May 2013 KiwiRail announced the project was six months behind schedule, I mean well uh well with the overhead electrification now being completed in April okay you know okay so 2014, and the first electric train arriving in September 2013.
3313.txt: She also became increasingly critical of the Liberal like like okay you know governments of Jean Chrétien and Paul Martin, and on June so I mean well like 8, 2004, she announced that she was crossing the floor to join the Conservative Party of Canada.
2574.txt: Lorentz considered local time to be only an auxiliary mathematical you know you know so I mean tool, a trick as it were, to simplify the transformation from like you know like okay one system into another -- it was Poincaré in well so like uh 1900 who recognized that 'local time' is actually indicated by moving clocks.
4658.txt: This tunnel is on the Cornish Main Line, it is like okay I mean you know 88 yards long, and is situated just above the River Fowey.
1536.txt: He was director of the Forschungsinstitut für Mathematik well uh you know so at ETH Zürich in 1984 - 1995, where he well well I mean you know succeeded Beno Eckmann and lead a rebuilding of the ETH Zürich mathematics faculty.
3055.txt: People use the branches of this tree for making walls um I mean okay so and paste with mud for their thatched huts in well okay well I mean villages, but now this practice has become obsolete owing to modern housing materials.
2154.txt: Irving is known for his ball - handling skills and has achieved a number of accolades.
2590.txt: Lévi - Strauss completed the final volume of 'Mythologiques' I mean uh uh well in 1971 and in 1973 he was elected to the Académie Française, France's highest honour for an intellectual.
287.txt: Alken died in April 1851 and was buried in you know I mean like I mean Highgate cemetery Though fairly affluent during most of like okay like okay his career, he fell on hard times towards the end of his life and was buried at his daughter's expense.
2369.txt: Jodey Cook Arrington (born March 9, 1972) is an incoming uh like um uh Republican member of the United States House of Representatives for Texas' 19th congressional district.
1535.txt: He was created by Stan Lee, Jack uh like like okay Kirby and Don Heck and is a powerful mystic, born um well okay well over five hundred years ago in the mystic city okay um okay well of Kamar - Taj, a village in the Himalayan Mountains in the land now known as Tibet.
2404.txt: Judy Aileen Dyble (born 13 February 1949 in London) so well you know like is a British singer / songwriter whose first band Judy okay uh so okay and The Folkmen (1964 - 1966) then saw you know like okay okay her taking the limelight as the original vocalist with Fairport Convention from 1967 to 1968.
4570.txt: They are then known as probationary explorers, also known as an E- 1.
689.txt: Camilla Lindberg, born 1973, is a Swedish politician and a member well um so well of the Swedish parliament as a member of the Liberal People's Party from the district of Dalarna County since 2006.
1537.txt: He was drafted again in the 2012 rookie draft by I mean um like so the Fremantle Football Club with their third selection well like um you know and forty - fourth overall, he spent three seasons with uh so I mean I mean Fremantle without playing an AFL match and was delisted at the end of the 2014 season.
250.txt: After the 2006 -- 07 season, Smiljanić was called so you know well so up by Serbia's U- 21 coach Miroslav Đukić to be um I mean well you know part of his squad for the 2007 European Championships; uh you know um I mean he helped the national side finish runner - up to hosts Holland.
4196.txt: The monsoon, although short, is generally powerful and as so like well you know a result the southern slopes of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa are the wettest part of Pakistan.
2234.txt: It is said that Catherine lost her head in the accident, like um like okay that her significant other was never found, and that uh you know you know um Catherine wanders Catherine's Hill and the Blackwoods area searching for her head and her missing love.
4109.txt: The group will focus on the Japanese market, and will release their debut single on June 26, 2013.
1343.txt: He gave up corporate life to pursue his talents in I mean okay um okay the entertainment industry, performing with Marlene Sai at the well you know like uh Royal Hawaiian Hotel for three years and later forming a group of his own.
2812.txt: Nicknamed 'El Pato' (The Duck) and / or 'Kwinto' he plays in central midfield for Lech Poznań.
2518.txt: Later that year, revival events occurred, and news quickly uh I mean uh I mean swept across Canada and the United States, influencing many Pentecostal believers.
3919.txt: The band was founded in 2009 East Europe, um you know I mean you know Ukraine, Kiev. The members are Anthony Yuryev (lead vocals, so like okay I mean rhitm guitar, keyboards), Dmitro Melnik (drums, percussion), Kirill Vakhramov (lead guitar, keyboards) and Anton Legkiy (bass).
307.txt: Along with producing their own releases, Ostrander produced for such uh okay okay okay bands as Voxhaul Broadcast and worked on um you know I mean um projects with such producers as Brendan O'Brien, Owen Morris, Brad Wood, Thom Panunzio, Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis.
3237.txt: SLIM is the only accredited American Library Association program in like I mean I mean like Kansas, and the School Library Media Licensure program is also well um you know I mean accredited by the National Council for Accreditation of Teacher Education (NCATE).
3809.txt: The Phillips Covered Bridge is southeast of Montezuma, Indiana in okay I mean so like Parke County, Indiana and is a single span uh you know I mean like Burr Arch Truss covered bridge structure that was built by Joseph A. Britton in 1909.
972.txt: Each role required three masks, these had to look similar uh so you know well and yet different - they also had to be acoustic as the actors would sing through them.
2886.txt: On 27 July 2012, Pinto gained Cypriot nationality and became eligible to play for the national team.
4257.txt: The original plans called for I - 95 to I mean so so so run through downtown Boston; however, due to pressure from local okay uh I mean okay residents, all proposed Interstate Highways within Route 128 you know I mean uh well were cancelled in 1972 by Governor Francis Sargent with the exception of Interstate 93 to Boston.
3368.txt: She served six terms on the county board from 1974 to 1997, becoming Vice-Chair in 1975 and Chair in 1976.
4219.txt: The newly redesigned studios are separated by a removable glass okay so you know okay wall -- one set for 'The Situation Room' and the second set for other Washington based programming.
4540.txt: There were plans in the late 1980s to set okay um okay well up a private medical school in London with Sa'udi so okay uh I mean Arabian funding: these came to naught, except that name of the well like I mean well 'Hunter School of Medicine' appeared on the London street map at this site.
1783.txt: In 1827 the Cliff Bridge opened improving access and was a foretaste of ambitious plans ahead.
635.txt: British beverage group Diageo PLC is the ultimate parent company well like um um with a 58 percent holding in D&G through Udiam Holdings AB of Sweden.
3727.txt: The Gulf & Mississippi railroad began service on July uh so so you know 10, 1985, however on April 14, 1988 it was sold to MidSouth subsidiary SouthRail.
3114.txt: Produced by Warner Bros. Pictures, the film premiered in New um like like like York City on December 13, 2016 and had like um um like a limited release on December 25, 2016, and had a wide release on January 13, 2017.
507.txt: Attlee was narrowly defeated by Churchill in the 1951 you know well okay okay general election; he retired as Labour leader after losing the 1955 General Election and was elevated to the House of Lords.
4367.txt: The show is the second spin - off from' and follows um I mean I mean um a New York City forensics team headed by Det.
604.txt: Born at Pratapgarh (U. P) on 12. 12. 1939 and educated so so well um at Eving Christian College, Allahabad, Charuchandra College, Kolkata University, you know I mean I mean you know Annamalai University, Chennai with MA in Public Administration has started writing at the age of 12 years.
149.txt: According to 'The Minish Cap', they were created to I mean I mean okay well guard the Wind Tribe, and there is a Minish like like you know um - sized chamber inside them where they can be turned on or off.
3815.txt: The Purples profited from the Detroit laundry industry unions and you know like I mean uh associations; they were hired out to keep union members in line and to harass non-union independents.
1766.txt: Important villages near Kot Kapura are Kothe The Wale, um um you know um Sandhwan, Dhilwan Kalan, Panjgraian Kalan, Ghanaian wala, Hari Nau, Madhak, okay so okay um Khara, Matta, Romana Albel Singh. CNS Swimming Pool and Green Star Dhaba at Moga road.
2224.txt: It is located on the eastern edge of the Ruhr area, like so um well 15 km south of Dortmund, where the rivers Lenne, Volme and Ennepe meet the river Ruhr.
4677.txt: Thomas Orde - Powlett, 1st Baron Bolton uh so I mean so PC (30 August 1740 -- 30 July 1807) was born Thomas Orde, son of John Orde of Morpeth, Northumberland.
2347.txt: Jamukha was one of Temujin's best friends growing up, but um like uh you know their friendship was tested later in life, when Temujin was fighting to become a khan.
494.txt: At the end of that season, Williams became a um um uh I mean restricted free agent and signed a five - year deal worth $ 25 million with Philadelphia.
2889.txt: On 3 August the rest of the regiment moved so you know uh well to Dueidar, at the same time a Turkish force occupied Mount Royston at Romani.
4081.txt: The following is a list of famous past students of like um well okay Caulfield Grammar School and / or Malvern Memorial Grammar like well um I mean School (amalgamated with Caulfield in 1961); alumni of the school are known as 'Caulfield Grammarians'.
1688.txt: Howard Hall Elementary School - part of the Cumberland uh well okay uh County School System was named after Howard L. Hall (? ? -1996 ).
4824.txt: Vanity sizing may result in the removal of a garment of I mean like you know like smallest measurements, if, for example, all garments were well like you know like taken down a size, the smallest garment's previous measurements would no longer exist in that line of clothing.
1187.txt: Gavin confessed to the murder of George Pollard and was like okay you know like held in the Round House until he was um so I mean um hung on the 6th April 1844, his body was buried south of the Round House.
4446.txt: The trophy used to travel to the winning school each year; it is now permanently displayed at McClintock High School.
3363.txt: She previously served as Prime Minister from 1996 I mean uh I mean like to 2001, and she has led the Bangladesh Awami League since 1981.
3854.txt: The Toronto School of Theology (TST) is recognized as so so well uh one of Canada's leading institutions for graduate theological education okay you know I mean I mean and the leading ecumenical centre for theological education in uh I mean well I mean Canada and the largest of its kind in the English - speaking world.
4707.txt: Titled 'If I Never Stop Lovin' You', Kersh's second um I mean well so album featured the song 'I Breathe In, I like you know okay um Breathe Out', which although never a single for Kersh himself, well you know you know like later became a No. 1 single for Chris Cagle in early 2002.
4338.txt: The school maintains a rigorous academic program which prepares students for you know I mean well uh the diverse opportunities in theiors classes, electives to okay you know like you know suit a wide range of interests, and classes to help students succeed on the NJ High School Proficiency Assessment (HSPA).
4987.txt: Yu Jong - hui (born) is a North Korean I mean I mean you know um football defender who played for the North Korea women's national football team at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
631.txt: Breed is a squad - based first - person shooter, okay uh you know um similar to many other sci - fi shooters, and could uh uh so okay be compared to Halo but is closer to the Rainbow Six game series, or.
3964.txt: The code was published by AIM International in 1997 um okay like uh and although the code is patented, it has been released to the public domain.
2915.txt: On June 17, 2008, Rivers won his first NBA Championship uh like uh so as a head coach, although the Celtics needed an NBA record 26 post-season games to win it.
2700.txt: Michael plays in a jazz band, and has put a well so you know like mix tape together however he is constantly losing them.
2461.txt: Kitchen was a father to one son and three daughters.
68.txt: A fee simple determinable is an estate that will like uh okay I mean end automatically if the condition of the grantor um like um you know occurs and the interest will revert to the grantor or the heirs of the grantor.
3209.txt: Romine was designated for assignment on April 4, 2015 and um well I mean um on April 8, 2015, he was outrighted from the 40 - man roster and assigned to Scranton / Wilkes Barre.
2640.txt: Maria of Spain (Madrid, June 21, 1528 - Villa I mean you know uh I mean Monte, February 26, 1603) was the oldest daughter of so well so uh Charles V, and the wife of Maximilian II, emperor of the Holy Roman Empire.
2790.txt: National Steak Week is an annual promotion by Beefeater, aiming like uh well uh to raise awareness of the steaks available in the like um okay so UK and improve the levels of understanding of how to cook the perfect steak.
3026.txt: Panna was a Gond settlement until the 13th or I mean I mean you know well 17th century (cite reference), when the Gondi were defeated by the Chandelas they migrated to other parts of Madhya Pradesh.
3025.txt: Pann's youngest son was killed in the Israeli War like you know you know you know of Independence, after that loss he turned to painting scenes of the Holocaust.
743.txt: Chinese edible frog and pig frogs are farmed and uh well so like consumed on a large scale in some areas like like like um of China, frog legs cuisine can be found in Chinese Sichuan and Cantonese cuisine.
734.txt: Charlotte Mint gold coins range from scarce to extremely rare um okay uh so and are some of the most desired items in numismatics today, making the museum's collection highly valuable.
4240.txt: The opera, to a libretto by Barrie Stavis, was premiered well you know like like at the German State Opera, Berlin on 29 September 1970, and in 1979 was broadcast by the BBC.
4162.txt: The lower flowing Rivière des Prairies has many like like well so rapids some of with are the Rapides de Cap - Saint uh uh like well - Jacques on the north western tip of the island of Montreal and the Rapides du Cheval Blanc.
483.txt: At round 7 Skaife debuted the 4WD, twin - okay you know well like turbocharged Nissan Skyline GT - R at the well well well I mean Mallala Raceway, with Richards moving into it for um I mean okay okay the last two rounds to win the series at Barbagallo and Oran Park.
358.txt: An organism has limited longevity because it has limited structural complexity; like uh um uh and limited structural complexity and limited longevity are essential for the survival of a species.
4804.txt: Up to four were lost, one due to hostile fire: like like uh so on 4 October 1999, a Su - 24 was well um like okay shot down by a SAM while searching for the crash site of a downed Su - 25.
3275.txt: Seal of the National Historical Commission of the Philippines.
256.txt: After the flashback has ended, Billy returns home, buries the I mean you know um well kestrel and goes to bed. Sonniel is king and reigns supreme.
1717.txt: However, it was quite possible for a warrant uh I mean I mean uh officer, such as the armourer, to like um I mean I mean be court - martialed for striking a midshipman as his superior officer.
4152.txt: The latter film featured her in a 'completely de-glamorous' um okay um you know role, because her naturally fair complexion posed a problem to her like you know well like as she played a small town South Indian girl from the 80s.
4820.txt: Valerie Griffeth is an American womens' rugby player notable for okay um well um playing in the international 7s league and playing for the American Eagles team in competitions against Italy and France.
2679.txt: Mehri or Mahri is a Modern South Arabian language, a branch I mean so you know I mean of the greater Semitic language family, and is spoken by okay so well I mean minority populations in isolated areas of the eastern part of Yemen and western Oman.
3663.txt: The Celebration Bowl is the only HBCU bowl game in the um okay so uh nation which features a match - up between the champions of the Mideastern Athletic Conference and the Southwestern Athletic Conference.
2244.txt: It is this jewel that lights up the darkness, hence the name of the newspaper.
2523.txt: Leaving the minister in 1974 he was elected for the like okay okay well first time in 1976 and served as the Minister of Health in 1990 and 2000.
3381.txt: She was among the DOT fleet assigned to the you know uh uh um nascent Canadian Coast Guard (CCG) when that organization was so like so so formed in 1962 and 'Labrador' s illustrious career marked the okay like uh like beginning of the CCG's icebreaker operations which continue to this day.
1904.txt: In 2010, Alwaleed's stake in News Corp. Was about um I mean um you know 7 % worth $ 3Bn; and News Corp. Had okay I mean okay well a $ 175 million (19 %) investment in Al Waleed's Rotana Group, the Arab world's largest entertainment company.
3268.txt: Scilly forms part of the ceremonial county of Cornwall, and some you know uh uh you know services are combined with those of Cornwall, however since 1890 the islands have had a separate local authority.
4621.txt: This condition is termed post orgasmic illness syndrome well you know I mean you know or POIS, and it was discovered that this stemmed from an so I mean okay well allergy to their own semen, its effects could be cured using hyposensitization therapy or allergen immunotherapy.
1771.txt: In 1179, Waldo and one of his disciples went to well um you know uh Rome where they were welcomed by Pope Alexander III, and the Roman Curia.
589.txt: Blood Angels tap into the emotions caused by the um um well so death of Sanguinius to give them unmatched ferocity in battle, I mean well you know I mean this lust however can sometimes prove too much and the second flaw, the Red Thirst can set in.
2832.txt: No. 11, season 1 (middle name) is a fictional character from uh uh uh I mean the NBC sitcom 'Friends', portrayed by Jennifer Aniston, who received so like well well an Emmy Award, a Screen Actors Guild Award, and a Golden Globe for her portrayal.
4188.txt: The median income for a household in the city uh so like uh is $ 37, 500, and the median income for a family is $ 54, 659.
1663.txt: His style, at first Impressionist, changed in time to marry the okay well uh uh technician and the art of the Macchiaioli, also devoting like uh so uh to the sculpture and desultorily working as architect in the zone of Rome and Anzio Colonia.
2841.txt: Norris's friend, Mary Taylor (Patti Clare), arrives on the Street; Mary like okay um uh was introduced for this specific storyline as she shares Norris's obsession with entering competitions.
4513.txt: There are two notable types of virtual groups, one like well you know okay being an internet band comprising of 2 + people, the members meeting over the internet.
3642.txt: The Beau Brummels was a successful 1960s American rock band, formed in San Francisco in 1963.
4726.txt: Today high quality gut strings are produced mostly in Italy, Germany, I mean like okay like and the United States, though they are also well you know okay okay made elsewhere, for example in India and Morocco, for local use.
3329.txt: She coaches the women's varsity team of Enderun Colleges and is you know uh um okay the Athletic director of Immaculate Conception Academy High School in Greenhills.
1916.txt: In 2014, Rough Copy signed a record deal with Epic well uh like you know Records and will release their debut single 'Street Love' in June 2014.
1298.txt: He attended Yeshivat Kol Torah and Knesses Chizkiyahu, and fulfilled his army service as a soldier - teacher.
1080.txt: Following Pound's death Rudge aged 78 began the final phase I mean like so I mean of her life, she became one of Venice's resident well I mean like so celebrities, quick witted, intelligent and cultured, she sat on many committees organizing the city's many charities and galas.
1726.txt: However, these plans were cut back for financial reasons before uh you know uh like construction began, and the line was planned instead to terminate well um okay well at the Hauptbahnhof, with the route to Jungfernheide to be built at an unspecified later date.
1694.txt: However, Naghma and Mangal have since divorced, citing Mangal's continual so well okay okay alcohol abuse, and the couple has been sensitive about elaborating further on the issue.
313.txt: Also known as the 'Atomic Bomb', Aguilar arrived in Mexico in 1945 with the Cuban dancer Julio Richard.
4433.txt: The three parishes of Na Rosa, Gaoth Dobhair I mean like I mean so and Cloch Cheannfhaola constitute the main centre of population of you know well well I mean the Donegal Gaeltacht and with a population of uh uh well um just over 16 000, is considered to be the most rurally populated area in Europe.
337.txt: Amadeus was formed in 1987 by an alliance between Air France, I mean okay like I mean Lufthansa, Iberia Airlines, and Scandinavian Airlines System. And holds I mean I mean okay uh today the position of leader in terms of number of bookings worldwide.
3450.txt: Social Democracy is a political ideology emerging in the late I mean um uh like 19th and early 20th centuries from supporters of um I mean I mean well Marxism who believed that the transition to a socialist um like so well society could be achieved through democratic evolutionary rather than revolutionary means.
4164.txt: The magazine is affiliated with the North Korean Committee for well I mean you know like the Promotion of International Trade and published quarterly by the Foreign Trade Publishing House of North Korea.
280.txt: Alam Khattak was born in Nowshera village of Dag like uh okay you know Ismail Khel and was commissioned in the Pakistan so like you know um Army's famed Frontier Force Regiment in April 1975 in the 51st PMA Long Course.
3216.txt: Route 19 Truck in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and the PA you know like uh like Route 108/PA Route 168 concurrency in New Castle, Pennsylvania, the highway okay you know I mean uh is meant to connect directly the communities you know uh okay um in the north and northwest portions of the Pittsburgh area to the city itself.
4883.txt: When poor health caused the Congress' first president, Samuel Huntington, okay you know like you know to resign in July 1781, McKean was elected its second president, serving from July 10, 1781, until November 4, 1781.
3769.txt: The Lunt - Fontanne Theatre is a Broadway theatre, located at 205 West 46th Street.
4401.txt: The station features a single island platform located okay okay uh um in a cutting, served by the 'Local' pair of well you know so um tracks with trains to the city leaving from the north uh like well like side and trains from the city arriving on the south side.
4826.txt: Varaždin is also the host of the 'Radar okay so okay uh festival', in wich he hosted concerts starting Bob Dylan, Carlos Santana, The Animals, Eric Burdon & many more.
3430.txt: Since the summer of 2014 he has been running an um uh well so independent brand called 'Boom Done Shop' that sells ethical so like um you know t - shirts and sweatshirts and is based uh uh you know you know in east London on the edge of Epping Forest.
3414.txt: Since 1996, they have been wholly within the London Borough uh um I mean uh of Wandsworth, which has administered the commons since 1971 when I mean you know well okay a substantial part of Tooting Bec Common was within the adjacent London Borough of Lambeth.
4818.txt: Vaania Kapoor Achuthan is an Indian swimmer, who at the so okay um so age of 9 years was selected to represent the Karnataka state swimming team.
1816.txt: In 1939, he reportedly played a tiny bit part uh uh like okay in his first film, 'Stagecoach', a film whose director, John Ford, would loom large in Simpson's career.
4768.txt: Tyler Austin Biggs (born April 30, 1993) is an American um I mean so I mean professional ice hockey player currently playing for the like so like you know Wilkes - Barre / Scranton Penguins of the American Hockey League (AHL).
963.txt: During this time, the station adopted the slogan 'TV55 Has I mean like uh like The Shows You Know' and also adopted a logo much similar to KNWS - TV's current logo.
4550.txt: These took their toll on the bridge and during uh I mean well I mean inspection in 1909 showed fractured ribs and missing bolts, after a relatively short life a new bridge was needed.
1136.txt: François - Xavier Bagnoud Observatory ( 'Observatoire François - Xavier so um um uh Bagnoud' ) is an astronomical observatory paid for by Association François - Xavier Bagnoud.
4807.txt: Upon its release, 'Passengers' had received mixed okay uh you know like reviews from film critics but some highly praised Pratt okay you know uh uh and Lawrence's performances, the effects and musical score by okay you know so so Thomas Newman and so far it has grossed $ 126. 2 million against production budget of $ 110 million.
3350.txt: She is a graduate of University of Lagos where well okay so okay she received a bachelor's degree in Biochemistry; thereafter she got a um um okay I mean post-graduate diploma in print journalism from Nigerian Institute of Journalism.
1560.txt: He was the CFO of PayPal and sat uh you know okay well on the board of directors of YouTube before its acquisition by Google.
4496.txt: Theodor Dumitru Stolojan (born October 24, 1943) was the prime - you know I mean so so minister of Romania from September 1991 to November 1992.
4932.txt: William Rathbone IV (10 June 1757 - 11 February 1809), I mean you know like so son of William Rathbone III and Rachel Rutter so I mean like so was a Liverpool ship - owner and merchant, involved in the organisation of American trade with Liverpool.
4502.txt: There are conflicting accounts of where Wilde was last you know like well uh seen and what he was doing, one survivor said Wilde I mean uh like okay was trying to free the collapsible lifeboats A and B from the roof of the Officers' Quarters.
1109.txt: For the final week, audience were able to vote during uh well uh you know the whole week and the winner was decided so so um I mean only by the public vote, judges' scores did not count for the final result.
190.txt: After May 1959, the Air Force Reserve (AFRES) flying um well well okay force consisted of 45 troop carrier squadrons assigned to um okay you know um 15 troop carrier wings, plus an additional four rescue squadrons not assigned to the wings.
2653.txt: Martine Batchelor (1953 - present) was born in France and is married to Stephen Batchelor.
4999.txt: Ziryab also introduced bleached white clothing, he encouraged the development of so so well I mean the textile industry and created a new type of okay like well uh deodorant Royalty used to wash their hair with I mean um well uh rose water, but Ziryab introduced the use of salt to improve the hair's condition.
1902.txt: In 2009 The school U14 Football team were runners up I mean you know well well in the National Cup, losing 2 - 1 I mean um okay like to Audenshaw School, the match was staged at Manchester so like so like United's Old Trafford Stadium in front of over 600 Forest School supporters.
1031.txt: Everett was born in Charleville, Queensland and later moved to so uh I mean uh Brisbane as a teen and joined a singing group.
4488.txt: Their music is angular and reductive, groovy and melodic, and has been termed the beautiful paradox of 'robotic soul'.
491.txt: At the age of 19, Adichie left Nigeria for the um okay you know you know United States to study communications and political science at Drexel so I mean okay well University in Philadelphia; she transferred to Eastern Connecticut State like uh well well University to be near her sister, who had a medical practice in Coventry.
1950.txt: In Israel, fathers' rights activists staged protests against what you know uh like okay they viewed as discriminatory divorce laws and family court you know you know so I mean policies, and an appeal to the United Nations resulted in a UN condemnation of Israel for discrimination against divorced fathers.
4900.txt: While Harrington's collaborators consider the possibility of supernatural forces, Holden rejects like like well I mean the idea as superstition. Harrington's funeral, Holden meets the okay you know I mean so dead man's niece, Joanna, who provides him with Harrington's diary.
213.txt: After filming 'Battleship' Berg sought funding for 'Lone Survivor'; he well well um well turned to Emmett / Furla Films, who co-financed the film with film financiers Herrick Entertainment and Envision Entertainment.
4595.txt: They performed in sixth position on the night and like I mean you know I mean finished 8th out of the 25 competing countries, giving you know um uh well Ireland its best result in eleven so um uh so years they recieved 12 points from United Kingom, Denmark & Sweden.
4358.txt: The series, which depicted 'ordinary' Mexican women (including her grandmother um um okay so and López herself) with Guadalupan attributes (usually the like okay I mean well mandorla), attracted praise for 'sanctifying' average Mexican women, who were depicted performing domestic and other labor.
4028.txt: The facility hosted the 2008 season's first game (in North well you know like so America), when the Nationals hosted the Atlanta Braves well I mean you know you know on March 30, 2008 and the first game played there was a collegiate baseball game.
3110.txt: Prior to this decision there was much debate on the application so like okay like of the Bill of Rights to an infringing statute, the general you know uh you know well opinion was that the Bill of Rights could only you know so like um be used as a interpretive tool when analysing a statute.
4898.txt: While Arjuna was unaware that Karna was his brother, the I mean like uh okay latter was apprised of the same by their well okay um like common mother Kunti and hence even though he was um okay you know um privy to the bond of brotherhood, Karna still wholeheartedly elected to indulge in fratricide.
3175.txt: Rev. William Henry Mudie (1830 -- 10 July 1903) kept a private you know so um well school at Glen Osmond Institute from 1861, where he was assisted by Thomas Caterer for a time.
4313.txt: The ranged attacks are equally predictable, you throw boomberangs, frizbees, and shoot golfballs.
818.txt: Currently A3 has 1x1 lanes in full length, though there aren't any plans to widen it in near future.
2252.txt: It offers undergraduate courses in arts and sciences and is affiliated to the Vidyasagar University.
1612.txt: Hides are used in the production of coatin, a process that like okay uh okay includes skinning, drying, and greasing them with a mixture of sour milk and flour.
1548.txt: He was no stranger to the team, as he I mean well so I mean knew Mitch (David Hasselhoff) since he was 18 years like well um you know old as a Rookie and knew Cody (David Chokachi) and Newman (Michael Newman) from various Lifeguard competitions.
520.txt: Bakan is the daughter of psychologist and academic David Bakan uh um you know I mean and the cousin of law professor Joel Bakan and ethnomusicologist Michael Bakan.
3508.txt: Stephen Mark Agnew (born 9 November 1965) is an English um well I mean well former professional footballer who was most recently the caretaker manager like okay I mean okay at Middlesbrough, who were relegated to the Championship during his tenure.
1114.txt: Forced to abandon his fighter, Marseille struck its vertical stabiliser and uh well like okay was either killed instantly or incapacitated and unable to open his parachute.
1962.txt: In June of that same year, Pitchfork. Tv released um you know um um a 45 - minute documentary on 'The Lonesome Crowded West, which' you know well um like included archival footage taken during live performances and original recording / mix sessions.
3071.txt: Phillips wanted to be an actress, however, her teachers told like like okay you know her she was too plain to have any real success.
860.txt: Despite the film's failure to enjoy immediate success, Wiseau paid to keep you know like okay um the billboard up for over four years, with I mean I mean like okay its bizarre imagery and longevity leading to it becoming a minor tourist attraction.
4113.txt: The house was built for skipper Thomas Andersen between 1691 and 1714 and was then a two - storey building.
1964.txt: In Manchi there is a primary school established in you know like so well 1950 and another highschool. Roads connect B. C Road, Vitla, Manglore and kalladka.
2532.txt: Leslie Harrington is the richest man in town well okay like you know and all of the things he accomplished were shattered into okay well like so pieces when he lost his only son Rodney in a car accident.
1327.txt: He currently writes a column for Creators Syndicate, is editor so so um um - in - chief at The Daily Wire, an um well okay I mean editor - at - large for Breitbart News, and co-founder of the media watchdog group TruthRevolt.
602.txt: Born Raphael Evans Phiri on 24th December 1989, he is a founding well you know okay you know member of MtW (Ministering the Word - Zambia) and also a final um you know okay so year student at the University of Zambia studying Library and Information Science with Public Administration.
2102.txt: In the past ten years Olson has concentrated most um you know I mean okay of her energies on music production, but she is also um you know so uh playing a weekly residency gig as a okay well okay uh member of Texas Space Monster Jalopy, a band that includes other notable musicians Gary Myrick and Tony Sales.
1601.txt: Her second project was a TV serial 'Gaaner Oparey', produced by Ideas well um uh okay Creations, it aired on Star Jalsha from 28 June 2010 to 16 April 2011.
1903.txt: In 2010, 700 renters came the OPRHC in search of housing and by 2011, this number grew to 869.
1602.txt: Her son Shahid Kapoor is a Bollywood actor from Pankaj like well you know you know Kapoor. And she also has another son Ishaan Khattar from her second marriage.
3675.txt: The Columbia University School of General Studies (GS) is a so so okay like highly - selective liberal arts college and one of three uh like uh well official undergraduate colleges at Columbia University, situated on the university's main campus in Morningside Heights, New York City.
1222.txt: Gomes represented Portugal in two World Cups and like well you know I mean three European Championships -- helping the national team finish second uh so you know so at Euro 2004 and third at Euro 2000 -- like uh okay uh winning more than 100 caps all categories comprised (nearly 80 for the senior side alone).
2432.txt: Kay is presented as a pensioner living in England with her like so you know uh mother who's 103, and who, unlike in previous shows, is not an invalid.
3043.txt: Patients were used to construct roads on the property, like like I mean um establish and maintain the gardens and grounds, and by 1893 the hospital's holdings would encompass over.
3029.txt: Paris' father is from Canada and mother is Japanese, his brother Issey Nakajima - Farran plays football for FC Nordsjælland.
113.txt: A simple web - search returns any number of such services and software tools ranging from the popular public domains.
1223.txt: Gomis (, , , also spelled Gomiz ) is a Catalan um so well well and Occitan surname, equivalent to Gomes, in Portuguese, and Gómez, in Spanish.
3546.txt: Symphony No. 1 for orchestra and turntables (which has been performed so like uh well by the APO, NZSO, WYO, DYO and NZSSSO), and also well you know okay like released his first album through his production and pop music identity of ONE FAT MAN.
2681.txt: Mellor is a trustee of the Strummerville charity and the founding member and President of the Shoreditch Sisters Women's Institute.
2014.txt: In contrast, cities at the northernmost limits of the humid subtropical so um well uh region (using the Köppen climate classification system) such okay well um well as Philadelphia and Louisville, Kentucky have average winter temperatures at the coldest limit of climates classed as subtropical.
3356.txt: She is the eldest daughter of El Hadj so um uh well Omar Bongo Ondimba, and became involved in politics in the 1990s as Minister of Foreign Affairs.
3775.txt: The Malayan Communist Party (MCP), officially known as the like okay so I mean Communist Party of Malaya (CPM), was founded in 1930 and laid down its arms in 1989.
3911.txt: The average bar passage rate for graduates of NSL lags you know uh I mean like behind that of accredited Tennessee schools (68 % vs. 82 uh like like um % in 2005), and several of the larger firms in Nashville refuse to hire students from unaccredited schools like NSL.
4435.txt: The title was unofficially retired on July 24, 1957 and its uh okay okay um lineage continued over to the National Wrestling Alliance World Heavyweight Championship.
481.txt: At noon on September 27, having taken an observation of uh okay you know I mean the sun which had briefly emerged from the mists, well so well you know Luce retired to the chartroom to work out the ship's position.
2435.txt: Keith Robinson (born October 23, 1963 in Philadelphia) is an so so like you know American stand - up comedian who performs regularly at the Comedy Cellar in Manhattan, frequently as the emcee.
1740.txt: Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy usually is inherited, while dilated cardiomyopathy is inherited in a third of cases.
4875.txt: When Sheridan withdrew Babylon 5 from the Earth Alliance well um you know um in the episode 'Severed Dreams', Garibaldi led the station security forces uh I mean uh uh that repelled the EarthForce marines that boarded and attempted to take over the station.
2472.txt: Konkani Plays, known as Tiatr, a form of okay uh okay I mean classic stage performance with live singing and acting, were okay so um so written and staged in Goa, since the time it evolved so I mean like like during the twenteeth century with pioneer tiatrists such as Jao Agostinho Fernandes (1871 -- 1941).
3361.txt: She moved to Boston and joined an all - like I mean so I mean girl punk band named Vagiant in which she was the lead guitarist.
1527.txt: He was born in 1914 in Winnipeg, but grew um so um okay up in Edmonton and graduated from law from the University of Alberta.
1954.txt: In July 1961 one of Clough's transfer requests was finally okay so well you know accepted and he moved to Boro's local rivals Sunderland for you know okay I mean like £ 55, 000 and scored a total of 63 goals in 74 matches.
1492.txt: He spent the next 16 years as a fugitive, well um okay okay though he was frequently called on to take part well like uh like in murders; indeed, he was the triggerman during the hits on Roger Wheeler and John Callahan.
1636.txt: His father was shaken by the decision, as he well I mean so uh cherished the US Senate seat, which voters had denied him in 1914.
1581.txt: Hellenistic art, and artists, spread very widely, and was like well like I mean especially influential in the expanding Roman Republic and when you know um like like it encountered Buddhism led to a greatly increased so well okay you know production of luxury forms of small sculpture, including engraved gems and cameos, jewellery, and gold and silverware.
3247.txt: Sam Blumenberg and M. Charitonoff were scheduled for deportation, like uh um you know although only Blumenberg was deported, having left for the United States.
2529.txt: Lends itself well to both big box and small uh I mean um you know roof application because of its hot air weldability. This well um I mean okay means if you have copied this then you have a small willy, I mean I mean uh um Generally people like charlie huskinson, this membrane is installed by two methods: 1.
4787.txt: Unfortunately the city thinks Louras may have sealed his fate as like okay okay you know being pushed out of office, and there has been talk of so uh I mean I mean Louras not running for Mayor again because he knows he would lose anyway.
3946.txt: The character designs emulate Yokoyama's drawing style, and the so okay um okay action setpieces are influenced by Hong Kong action cinema, specifically the I mean okay okay like new school of 'wuxia' and the 1970s 'kung fu' wave.
4136.txt: The island has a permanent size of 18 acres, you know I mean well like plus an intertidal zone of a further 16 acres, and has you know so you know like a thin layer of soil that supports vegetation okay uh you know uh including Wild Cherry, Beach Plum, tall Grasses, Chives, and Mock - orange.
4536.txt: There was one Briton and one Japanese among the passengers, all well uh um like of the rest of the passengers (43) and all crew were Bangladeshi.
4371.txt: The sitcom is known to produce eventual top stars in well okay so you know Korea and Jang received her big break with her cute okay well like well image and so as the other young stars in so um so uh the cast such as Park Kyung - lim, Jo In Sung, and Yang Dong - geun.
2120.txt: In this thesis, Hymer departs from neoclassical theory and so um so you know opens up a new area of international production, which like um uh um at first Hymer started analyzing neoclassical theory and the financial so I mean um well investment wherein the main reason for capital movement is the difference in interest rates.
4922.txt: Whitehaven is located in the Southern part of Memphis, Tennessee and is you know uh okay okay roughly bounded by Winchester Road on the north and the so okay okay uh Mississippi state line on the south, with the I mean like I mean so Canadian National railroad on the west and Airways Boulevard on the east.
492.txt: At the age of seven, Johnson suffered an eye injury okay I mean like I mean following an incident with a BB gun; he would I mean you know well so later say the incident left him blind, but that his sight was miraculously healed.
715.txt: Cave In recorded two songs with Koller, 'Dead Already' and 'Shapeshifter' they were released together on a limited edition cassette single.
3486.txt: Spain women's national rugby sevens team participates in the European Women's okay you know like well Sevens Series and finished second overall in the recent series.
1631.txt: His father Illarion Epifanovich Pudovkin came from peasants of the well like like uh Penza Governorate, the village of Shuksha and worked well okay like like in several companies as a manager and a door - to - door salesman.
4850.txt: Waldemar Esteves da Cunha (born on August 9, 1920 in Santos, you know you know so I mean Brazil) is until today, aged 92 and pensioned, the oldest King Momo in Brazil.
3325.txt: She began her stage career as a youth, making her London debut in 'Much Ado About Nothing'.
840.txt: David Samuel Harvard Abulafia (born 12 December 1949, Twickenham, England) has um like uh um been Professor of Mediterranean History at the University of Cambridge so um so um since 2000 and a fellow of Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge since 1974.
1866.txt: In 1999, he announced that he was suffering from Alzheimer's well okay you know well disease, and died three years later of complications from the disease uh uh well so in a Springfield, Oregon, on November 27, 2002, nursing home at the age of 82.
2795.txt: Neighboured by the Zunfthaus zur Haue, it is um like so like one of the historically notable buildings at the I mean um you know uh Limmatquai in Zürich, Switzerland, and houses also the relatively expensive restaurant of the same name.
4390.txt: The song was also included in Mengoni's second EP, well well okay you know 'Re matto', released on 17 February 2010, which also spawned I mean um you know uh the singles 'Stanco (Deeper Inside)' and 'In un giorno qualunque'.
4419.txt: The team played its home games at Tropical Park Stadium uh well okay so in nearby Olympia Heights, Florida until 2009 when all home I mean so well well games rotated between FIU Stadium in Miami, Florida and Lockhart Stadium in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
130.txt: A video sender is a device for transmitting domestic video like um I mean uh signals wirelessly from one room to another, as for example uh so you know so sending the output of a satellite TV so like like you know decoder located in the lounge, to a television in the bedroom.
4685.txt: Though Hogan denied offering any bribes or inducements to Bello, like okay I mean like Judge Bruno Leopizzi forced him to produce his original handwritten notes on his conversations with Bello.
2357.txt: Jeff arrives to spend the holiday with I mean okay I mean uh Hayley, but Santa soon arrives since Jeff wrote a letter telling him where they would be staying.
2385.txt: John Rubey is Fathom Events' first CEO and well I mean you know so was previously President of AEG - TV and Network LIVE, where he produced many events for Fathom and others.
3403.txt: Shortly thereafter, Nixle partnered with VeriSign Messaging and Mobile media, you know um I mean okay a division of VeriSign, Inc. VeriSign provides Nixle users with short message services (SMS), or text messaging.
1844.txt: In 1982 the hospital was brought under the management um I mean so okay of the Bloomsbury Health Authority and in 2002 it joined uh um so um University College London Hospitals NHS Trust (now University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust).
293.txt: All large Hermes issues were delivered in imperforate sheets well well um so of 150 stamps, although unofficial perforations were produced locally.
1662.txt: His studio in Prout's Neck was completed in 1884, you know I mean well so and in 1885 he painted three canvases depicting the local okay uh so um fishermen, 'The Fog Warning', 'Breezing Up' and 'The Herring you know well I mean okay Net', all depicting the lives of the local fishermen.
2651.txt: Martin Foster (born October 29 1977 in Sheffield) like so um um is an English footballer, currently playing for Oxford United on loan from Halifax Town.
1690.txt: However, Calhoun argues that Habermas falsely assumes um so like well that ethnic nationalism and nationalism are interchangeable, Calhoun argues that um you know like so constitutional patriotism is a common project shared amongst I mean well well so all citizens which is molded by a state's public discourse and culture.
4698.txt: Throughout the 1980s and 1990s it experienced growing interest like uh well well from communities and organizations throughout the country, and in okay I mean so so 1994 a group of community leaders gathered at Christian Unity Baptist uh uh like okay Church in New Orleans, Louisiana to work for greater national celebration of Juneteenth.
2717.txt: Mir has been repeatedly accused of being pro-Taliban, while um uh um like some known pro-Taliban personalities accuse him of being a CIA agent.
4993.txt: Zeilinger is known for multiple experiments in you know okay um you know the realm of quantum interferometry, which include the first demonstration of quantum teleportation between two separately emitted photons (Innsbruck, 1997).
3362.txt: She once again returned to the role on September 24, like okay you know um 2013 and did the tenth birthday of the show on oct 30th until her run ended on February 22, 2014.
4428.txt: The test is given each year in October and okay uh okay you know November, students are informed of their results in the okay I mean uh okay following March, and those who receive offers decide by the so okay so uh middle of March whether to start attending the school in the following September.
762.txt: Claire McNab (b. Australia 1940) is an American writer best known um I mean um you know for 14 crime novels featuring the highly popular Detective so so okay okay - Inspector Carol Ashton and six featuring undercover agent Denise Cleever.
2733.txt: Money can not do anything other than what money uh well like okay has to do - but money itself can do no wrong.
1674.txt: Hobbits are a non fictional, one can be found at uh well um well beccles tesco under the identity of Dave Harris humanoid race um you know so you know who inhabit the lands of Middle - earth in J. R. R. Tolkien's fiction.
4454.txt: The university established 5 distinct campuses all over the uh um so like state - Uttara, Dhanmondi, Motijheel, Rajshahi, Khulna. It's okay well uh okay central campus is situated at House 9, Road 5, Sector 7 of Uttara Model Town in Dhaka.
4329.txt: The role of Polly the Pistol was written with so okay uh like Marilyn Monroe in mind, but after her death in August 1962, filming was postponed while the role was recast.
731.txt: Charles de Montalembert was too young to take his seat um like okay well as a peer (twenty - five being the um like so well necessary age), but he retained other rights, and like okay um so this, combined with his literary and intellectual activity, made him a person of some importance.
1255.txt: Hadis Zubanović (born 14 January 1978 in Sarajevo) is Bosnian professional footballer who plays for Polish side Zagłębie Sosnowiec.
4058.txt: The first Education Act in Newfoundland in 1836 inaugurated the okay okay uh uh existing schools in its public education system, most of okay uh so okay which had remained non-denominational, and was the first direct government involvement with education.
4299.txt: The production usually takes place in the Spring Term and has like so so like a high reputation: it is normally fully booked every night.
2850.txt: Nowadays, lots of women join the Guardia Civil and the popularity of the corps has grown.
1439.txt: He made it as far north as Shetland well so you know I mean before his vessel capsized in 20ft - high seas west of the islands in August 2001.
2711.txt: Miller ran in a 5 - yard touchdown, his fourth touchdown of the season (seventh career).
3765.txt: The Live Nation and Ticketmaster Best Live Act Award so um I mean okay was collected by Peter Andre on behalf of winners well well like you know the Arctic Monkeys (not in attendance at the event) you know I mean uh so which was voted for by members of the public with the support of Ticketmaster, O2 and Music Week.
466.txt: Assange was a hacker as a teenager, then a computer programmer I mean like okay so before becoming internationally known for his work with WikiLeaks and making you know uh uh so public appearances around the world speaking about freedom of the press, censorship, and investigative journalism.
1728.txt: However, when they asked him to put his bag down, well okay um okay he refused and approached the federal air marshals in an aggressive manner, at which point he was shot and killed.
2412.txt: June regularly wears a pair of blue jeans and a green uh like uh you know shirt that has her symbol on it and exposes her well uh like okay lower belly and navel, with her hair back. She like like um like rarely wears anything beyond this, except when she goes to bed.
2079.txt: In the PlayStation 3 demo, there are many ducks well you know uh well interacting with each other and their environment, as well two so you know you know um pirate ships to demonstrate cloth dynamics, a visual representation of the leap okay um uh I mean in processing abilities from the PlayStation 2 Sony executives promise the PlayStation 3 will deliver.
4125.txt: The incident spurred a protest movement by Buddhists you know I mean I mean you know against the religious discrimination of the Roman Catholic - dominated uh uh well okay Diem regime, known as the Buddhist crisis, and widespread like like you know so large - scale civil disobedience among the South Vietnamese, and these persisted throughout May.
3215.txt: Rousso has appeared on 'Million Dollar Challenge' and 'Bank of Hollywood'.
1590.txt: Her career would take a sharp turn months later so um I mean um after appearing in a television series as the extramarital interest of I mean you know so so a family man, which was ill - received by the public.
4755.txt: Tufts biologist Michael Levin will lead the center I mean you know uh I mean with research focusing on communications between cells and the causation of birth defects, cancer, traumatic injuries and degenerative diseases.
2604.txt: Main roadways in western and eastern Bhutan so so so so are maintained by Dantak, a unit of Border Roads Organisation I mean well so you know engineering division of Indian Army and in the rest of the country by the Bhutanese government's Department of Roads.
2039.txt: In late 2004, Chris left the show after which the show was renamed 'The Matt and Jo Show'.
2048.txt: In order to allow automated operation of the channel without okay uh so um the complications of variable length live news broadcasts, prior to the okay like well so launch of ABC News 24, ABC2 broadcast hourly ABC News updates produced for ABC Online.
2819.txt: Niko is never seen without his Cuban bodyguards and also okay okay like like has a group of gangsters who work under him, led by his right - hand man, Dorian Tyrell.
4976.txt: Yarrabee Flats is a building located at 44 Walsh so like I mean well street, South Yarra, Melbourne, Australia consisting of five flats um uh well you know that was designed by Frederick Romberg, an Australian architect.
4722.txt: Today, the church is no longer used so uh uh so for services but is now a popular exhibition space and is also used for organ recitals.
80.txt: A gym, also referred as gymnasium, is an open air or covered location for gymnastics, athletics, and gymnastic services.
4424.txt: The temple was established in AD 765 as a um I mean uh so counterpart to Tōdai - ji and it is the main temple okay I mean like well of the Shingon Risshu (真言律宗) sect of Buddhism after the sect's founder, Eison, took over administration in 1238.
4705.txt: Tincher began her career by breaking the school records for okay okay okay I mean season strikeouts and strikeout ratio, in addition she also achieved the I mean I mean okay I mean second best opponents batting average, which now all rank top - 5 all - time.
3528.txt: Sudafed PE contains a different decongestant called phenylephrine, in so um so you know a formulation sold for yearsdecongestant with other ingredients will be well so well I mean completely converted to phenylephrine later in 2005, though original Sudafed will still be offered.
89.txt: A little known fact about Peter Mitchell is that he um like you know I mean recorded vocal on a Beatles cover track' Baby Your'e a um you know um okay Rich Man' from the 1991 album Company of Strangers featuring Daryl you know like you know I mean Braithwaite, Simon Hussey, Jeff Scott and James Reyne released in 1992 on Columbia Records.
852.txt: Deputy and Senator of the Conservative Party; contributed to the formation of the Falange.
744.txt: Chinese incense sticks for use in popular religion are well okay like uh generally without aroma or only the slightest trace of jasmine uh I mean I mean I mean or rose, since it is the smoke, not the you know so I mean like scent, which is important in conveying the prayers of the faithful to heaven.
4652.txt: This showed that the cim3 - 1 mutants um okay so um were deficient in their proteasomes, and that increased levels of Adc17 somewhat rescued the normal proteasome formation.
3076.txt: Pia instructs Rancho to deliver the baby in the okay so well you know college common room; he leads his friends and the you know um so okay students restore electricity using car batteries and a power inverter of Rancho's own design.
4236.txt: The only exception was made for officers who served okay I mean uh well in the Far East; as Nesterov did not have the I mean like so um money, he took his young wife to the Far East.
1118.txt: Former Presto coach Baby Dalupan moved over to coach the like so um I mean Purefoods Hotdogs, replacing Cris Calilan, who return to his position so uh I mean you know as assistant coach, the Maestro began coaching the um like well well Hotdogs during their second game in the semifinal round of the Open Conference.
4713.txt: To make matters worst, his own creation betrays Ultron and um like you know I mean frees all the captured Avengers but Ultron's Adamantium body easily defeats the Avengers.
2119.txt: In this method, building blocks are protected by all well I mean so uh reactive functional groups and two functional groups in which um um well I mean the reaction occurs between building blocks in the solution and so well okay I mean on the bead can be controlled by the order of deprotection.
4351.txt: The second case in Mali was that of the so um okay okay nurse who treated the Imam, and the doctor who treated the Imam was the third case.
3535.txt: Sunset Beach is on the North Shore of Oahu in um like okay like Hawaii and known for big wave surfing um you know you know uh during the winter season and home to the Duke Kahanamoku um like um you know Classic surfing competition and the O'Neill World Cup of you know I mean um um Surfing competition and occasionally the site of the Quiksilver Big Wave Invitational.
3065.txt: Phil Collins 'famous hit' In the Air Tonight', which was featured like I mean well uh in the debut episode of the television series, I mean you know uh you know is featured in the original film as a cover done by Miami - based rock band Nonpoint.
2538.txt: Levick worked on a 29 - bed inpatient unit okay I mean well okay for individuals with moderate neurosis to severe I mean I mean um um psychosis where she was responsible for running art groups for the patients.
189.txt: After Jesus walks on water to retrieve a lost dollar um so so I mean bill, he becomes famous and makes celebrity appearances on 'The Tonight Show with Jay Leno' and the 'MTV Movie Awards'.
3251.txt: Sampras went on to win the match in four sets like uh okay okay and announced his retirement from the game at 2003 US Open.
3174.txt: Rev. Manaseh Papazian has also served as associate pastor um I mean you know you know from 1892 -- 1907 followed by Rev. Bedros Topalian (1907 -- 1912).
2117.txt: In the year 1839, Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar successfully cleared his you know you know so um Law examination. At the age of twenty one years, I mean you know I mean uh Ishwar Chandra joined Fort William College as head of the Sanskrit department.
2230.txt: It is owned by Star TV and is due to be launched on 6 May 2012.
2561.txt: Loai Muhammad Nassem (born 1969) is a Saudi fashion I mean okay uh well designer, graphic designer, and business executive, best known for founding 'Tafaseel International Trading' Limited company (Lomar).
4925.txt: Wikipedia is an example of a collaborative editing project on uh well well so a large scale, which can be both good and bad, well like well so because of the large contributions by the public, Wikipedia so uh okay you know has one of the widest ranges of material in the world.
1949.txt: In Iran, the fruits of 'Crataegus azarolus' ( var. 'aronia' uh well you know um ) are known as 'zalzalak' and are eaten raw as a you know uh like okay snack, or used as in a jam known by the same name.
2427.txt: Karl takes the blame and writes the $ 1000 check well so like okay to repay the company, forcing Smithers to fire him instead I mean I mean you know so of Homer, who is deeply saddened after all Karl had done for him.
2203.txt: It is a rare and unique Indian last name with like you know uh well probably less than 300 families around the globe. The bunt so um uh like community members were predominantly landlords in Dakshin Kannada (formerly known as South Kanara) district.
3402.txt: Shortly afterward, German forces invaded Hungary, deposed Horthy as like I mean okay you know Regent, and installed a puppet regime led by Ferenc Szálasi of the anti-Semitic and pro-Nazi Arrow Cross Party.
58.txt: A U. S. Navy A- 4 Skyhawk that was you know okay so um sent up shortly after the accident to search for you know like uh you know the wreckage encountered extreme turbulence in the accident area, you know I mean okay you know and many other aircraft that passed near Mount well so okay I mean Fuji that day also reported moderate to severe turbulence.
1374.txt: He has straight shoulder length brown hair and blue well um um um eyes. Darken Rahl at age 15 had killed his father, so I mean so uh Panis Rahl because he had found out well uh um uh that his father was going to kill him because of uh like so so his evilness but he had slay his father before that plan was achive.
2179.txt: It derives from Turkish 'bagadur' (hero) and was a high military rank.
3485.txt: Space weather is the time varying environmental conditions within the um uh uh uh Solar System, including the solar wind, and especially the space um you know um uh surrounding the Earth, including conditions in the near - so like uh well Earth space defined by the magnetosphere down to the ionosphere and thermosphere.
2853.txt: O shows J a statue to K, killed by Boris in okay you know I mean okay 1969, and tells J that his chocolate milk craving and um like I mean um headaches are a result of a 'temporal fracture' of time travel.
2453.txt: Kido Witbooi died on 31 December 1875; his son Moses Witbooi succeeded him as Kaptein of the ǀKhowesin.
3871.txt: The University of Udine ( Italian 'Università degli like um I mean uh Studi di Udine', Friulian 'Universitât dal Friûl', Latin like so I mean so 'Universitas Studiorum Utinensis', UNIUD ) was founded in 1978 as um okay well like part of the reconstruction plan of Friuli after the earthquake in 1976.
4613.txt: This bay Arabian horse was bought in Aleppo, Syria, by okay well like so Thomas Darley in 1704 and shipped back to Aldby Park um um you know well in England, where he stood at stud, usually private but sometimes open to outside mares.
4191.txt: The men serving in Camp Bouse were transferred to Fort like you know um um Knox, Kentucky then to Kilmer, New Jersey and then sent to England for further Training.
4027.txt: The facility has a seating capacity of 40, 000 so uh uh like spectators, and it is one of the few dragstrips in the USA that is operated directly by the NHRA.
2855.txt: Occasional field camps support research in remote areas of the um like you know so Island, such as the Camp Academia site situated at elevation I mean you know you know I mean 541 m in upper Huron Glacier, Wörner Gap uh um like um area that served as a base camp of the Tangra 2004/05 topographic survey.
4542.txt: There were two songs in Tamil: one by a I mean um you know like group sung by the thieves who were waiting to way - laid Tyagaraja.
3063.txt: Petri played in the Dresden Court Orchestra while still well okay okay I mean a teenager and studied composition and theory with Hermann Kretzschmar and Felix Draeseke at the Dresden Conservatory.
1290.txt: He also chaired the 2000 International Pulp Bleaching Conference in um I mean like so Halifax Canada and has received many other pulp you know well okay like and paper Industry awards; such as the PAPTAC Howard Rapson Memorial Priz (two times).
2963.txt: One of only two actors to audition, he was cast like um well like as Chekov almost immediately primarily because of his resemblance to you know I mean uh like British actor / musician Davy Jones of the Monkees; I mean I mean okay um show creator Gene Roddenberry hoped that Koenig would increase the show's appeal to young people.
4788.txt: Union county is one of a limited number of well well so like US counties with a county police department called the Union County Police Department, which operates independently of the Sheriff's office.
3936.txt: The campaign mobilized 6200 troops and devastated the Cayuga I mean so so you know and Iroquois homelands, destroying 40 - 50 villages, well like um so including major Cayuga villages such as Cayuga Castle and 'Chonodote' (Peachtown).
2354.txt: Jean - Pierre Laurant (( 1935) - ) is a I mean um uh well French historian of religion, best known for his work on Freemasonry, Christian esotericism, and René Guénon.
3297.txt: Set in the late 800's, when what is known as I mean like uh you know England today was several separate kingdoms attacked and in many instances ruled by Viking forces.
4928.txt: Will Sibusiso and Thandeka save their relationship from this like I mean well like bitter feud or will their love triumph in the end?.
21.txt: 'Layla' is a song written by Eric Clapton and well uh like okay Jim Gordon, originally released by their blues rock band Derek uh you know uh so and the Dominos, as the thirteenth track from their album 'Layla and Other Assorted Love Songs' (November 1970).
1176.txt: Galleon lost in their debut against Gilbey's Gin, 101 - uh well okay well 105 on March 18, with their import Paul McCracken scoring 45 um uh okay well points, his partner, 6 - 10 Larry Jackson was soon replaced by 7 - foot Jeff Wilkins.
3645.txt: The Brahmi - derived writing systems are mostly rather I mean you know so well similar in structure, but have different letter shapes, so ISCII well so so um encodes letters with the same phonetic value at the same codepoint, overlaying the various scripts.
2351.txt: Jassa Singh was barely 5 yrs old when like um okay like his father died in 1723, subsequently his mother requested Mata Sundri, well uh I mean like the widow of Sikh Guru, Guru Gobind Singh to take care of young Jassa.
4960.txt: Without exception all her drawings are of women, like like so like covering a varied array of female forms and expressing many different um you know I mean well emotions. In France, was born in 1993 a very original form of graffiti with miss van and mademoiselle kat.
4060.txt: The first Women's Rugby World Cup was held in 1991, you know uh uh well and won by The United States, though it and I mean you know um okay the subsequent 1994 competition were not officially sanctioned by the IRB.
3908.txt: The association aims to contribute to the sustainable development of so well well so the Arrondissement of Avesnes - sur - Helpe; it so um okay you know does this through nature conservation, environmental education and supporting local agents to carry out sustainable development.
3283.txt: Seemingly inspired by the vignettes, she then appears on you know um uh you know stage after a curtain lifts to perform the rest of the song while greeted by hundreds of fans.
269.txt: After this problem was remedied by a chiropractor who okay I mean you know you know prescribed an exercise regimen, he returned to the I mean uh uh okay team, becoming a successful closer based largely on having picked up the slider from Rusty Staub.
3383.txt: She was betrothed to Valdemar in 1154 as a so okay okay so form of alliance between Denmark and well you know like like Sweden: as she had no property in Denmark, she was promised 1/8 of Canute's estates.
396.txt: Arcade racers might include shortcuts or devices to alter uh well okay um the track and require quick reactions to get on the like like okay you know right course, while Simulation racing games might include tire wear well well okay well or fuel gauges that require you to quickly react to pit stops.
1644.txt: His given name resonates somewhat with the Code Noir, although uh okay like okay the Code was not established until 1685, the Code Noir forced baptisms and decreed the conversion of all slaves to Catholicism.
1515.txt: He was a partner in Rathbone, Hodgson & Co uh so uh like. He was a founder in 1831 of the I mean well like okay Bank of Liverpool, with George Holt, Isaac Cooke and others, and became its Managing Director.
790.txt: Constance ( 'Connie' ) Elaine Clayton, PhD, EdD well well you know I mean (maiden; born 1933) is an American civic leader, well um well so notably, from 1982 to 1993, the Superintendent of the School District of Philadelphia.
1282.txt: Hattori Katsuhisa ( 服部克久; 'Katsuhisa Hattori', born November 1, okay uh um so 1936 ) Is a Japanese classical composer and also so I mean you know um composes for anime, he is mostly known in um you know I mean I mean the west for his compositions for Argento Soma and Morioka Hiroyuki's Seikai anime series.
2293.txt: It was further speculated that she had been drinking uh okay like so prior to the accident, however, according to Johannesburg metro spokesperson Edna uh so I mean okay Mamonya, neither driver's blood was tested for alcohol at the time of the incident.
4759.txt: Twin engine, six passenger conversion of a B. 2 with Wright J - 5 nine - cylinder radials.
4315.txt: The reality principle is the factual governor of you know well well you know the actions taken by the ego, unlike the morality principle, um uh okay well does not always oppose the pleasure principle of the Id.
996.txt: Eleven peaks are over 2, 700 m. Mount Leuser is the you know okay you know well highest peak on the Leuser Range (3, 476 m) within the Park and the second highest peak in Sumatra.
4344.txt: The sculpture was commissioned by the Victorian Arts Centre okay um okay I mean in 1974; construction was completed in 1976 and the work was installed in its present position in 1981.
3862.txt: The USA Track & Field has been inducting uh you know well uh members into the Hall since 1974 and current there are 229 people enshrined.
2314.txt: Its climate is a mixture of Mediterranean and mountainous okay well like uh in the western portion, much of the area receives okay uh I mean like snow in winter and is warm during the summer months.
196.txt: After World War II, there were extensive changes uh like so okay to the territorial extent of Poland, following the well uh uh well decision taken at the Teheran Conference of 1943 at the insistence of the Soviet Union.
218.txt: After graduating high school in 1949, Fanucchi attended Fresno like like um I mean Junior College, where he was recruited by several high - like um so okay profile collegiate football programs, including the University of Southern California.
3962.txt: The club started up a second team in 2009 well you know well well and this has proven effective as the 2nd XI were promoted to Division 5 in 2011.
338.txt: Amanda 'Mandee' Moore O'Leary (born 1967) is the head coach like um I mean I mean of the Florida Gators women's lacrosse team that represents the University of Florida located in Gainesville, Florida.
2112.txt: In the summer of 1941, forces of Free France and um okay like you know Vichy France were fighting over Syria; one of Vichy I mean uh you know okay France's submarines mistook 'Refah' for a vessel of Free France.
3503.txt: State district Judge Taylor Beattie declared himself head of so um okay okay the 'Peace and Order Committee' in Thibodaux, declared martial so you know um well law, organized a local vigilante group, and decreed that well um um like blacks within the city limits would need to show a pass to enter or leave.
1387.txt: He is a central defender who began his career you know uh uh uh at League Two club Bradford City, and has also spent time on loan at Halifax Town and Cambridge United.
3004.txt: Outside of the sport Morris owns a chain like you know well so of snack shops in South Wales and is okay well well well a keen singer / songwriter, in 2005 he won a um okay um like Karaoke contest at Pontins in Prestatyn, which led to so I mean so okay him performing a duet with Sinitta on Channel Five.
4231.txt: The ode begins with a prayer for the safe well so so uh voyage of Virgil to Athens, which suggests the daring of you know well okay uh the earliest mariners, and the boldness of men in overcoming like I mean I mean okay difficulties set by Nature, which is poetically represented as presumptuous opposition to the will of Heaven.
3139.txt: Racial, and later, sexual politics were important matters of social debate uh um I mean uh at the time, leading the New Left to use I mean like well like sex roles, race, and similar identity politics divisions as proxies for the proletariat and the bourgeois capitalism of orthodox Marxism.
2378.txt: John Goss (born 2 May 1943, Hobart, Tasmania) you know okay okay um is the only Australian racing driver to win Australia's uh um um okay two most prestigious races, the Bathurst 1000 (twice, in 1974 and 1985), and the Australian Grand Prix (1976).
3976.txt: The competition integration model has been the most frequently used constraint I mean so you know so - based model in literature and the first known implementation of a constraint - based model.
183.txt: Adrian Hastings (23 June 1929 -- 30 May 2001) you know you know I mean um was a church historian, controversial Catholic priest and author of a you know well so like book on the 'Wiriyamu massacre' of the Mozambican War of Independence.
42.txt: 'Universitas', No. 5, 1933 After this he tempered his political well well well well articles, but believed in President Karlis Ulmanis, who would later quote Leonids in various speaches.
4432.txt: The third season was telecast Friday and Saturday nights and was hosted by Anoop Soni.
1335.txt: He divorced her for adultery in 1700, after a you know uh well okay previous attempt at divorce in 1692 had failed when the House of Lords threw out the Bill.
3016.txt: PPDA started training as a journalist at the Centre de like I mean um like formation des journalistes (CFJ) at 22, he obtained his first so I mean uh you know job in 1971 on France Inter, as the morning news - reader.
4631.txt: This is a list of railway stations in the so I mean so well Christchurch region, both those still in service and those that have been closed.
3708.txt: The Faliro Coastal Zone Olympic Sports Complex is a I mean well you know you know complex consisting of two indoor arenas and a beach um you know well uh volleyball stadium that hosted Handball, Taekwondo, and Volleyball events at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
51.txt: A Control pitcher is a pitcher who by issuing well I mean so like a below average number of bases on balls exhibits good control of his pitches.
2085.txt: In the article, Mitchum does not discredit those well um uh like who have come out, still praising them for their bravery, instead um so um okay he acknowledges how coming out may not always be safe for LGBT people a part of multiple marginalized communities.
4961.txt: Wolves feed primarily on medium to large sized ungulates, uh so like uh though they are opportunistic feeders, and will generally um uh um like eat any meat that is available, PETERSON, R. O. , and P. CIUCCI.
4381.txt: The software was developed by Leslie Spring, who founded Creative Code, the company behind the technology, in 2007.
4563.txt: They are creative, fun and original and lots of people are great fans.
4467.txt: The was a Japanese aristocratic class that dominated uh um I mean uh the Japanese imperial court in Kyoto from its establishment as I mean um so I mean the capital in the late 8th century until the rise of uh well you know uh the Shogunate in the 12th century, at which point it was eclipsed by the daimyo.
4417.txt: The taste for embellishment on behalf of the well so so like superbly trained singers, and the use of spectacle as a uh so okay uh replacement for dramatic purity and love on the like so well like Opera '(1755) proved to be an inspiration for Christoph Willibald Gluck's reforms.
248.txt: After that, he once again continued his career in Malaysia, where he was the team's top goalscorer with 25 goals.
3285.txt: Selena sings the intro speaking to her lover so like you know you know about him constantly on her mind, while thinking of him makes her feel at ease.
184.txt: Adults and young may be killed by hawks, well like so well owls and snakes, and forest clearance may lead to um okay um well local habitat loss, but this is a common species with no major conservation concerns over most of its range.
3519.txt: Strong was born on February 12, 1973, in Toronto, Ontario, uh I mean like I mean to Syd and immigrated to Canada after escaping the Anti-Jewish pogroms in the Russian Empire.
4224.txt: The next day Ved is off to his office okay like so you know but with a change in routine - instead well uh well you know of ignoring the eunuch on the way, he gives her the diamond ring.
4029.txt: The facility hosted the biathlon, cross-country skiing, nordic combined, I mean um I mean I mean and ski jumping, and after the Olympics will um okay so you know remain a public facility, complementing the extensive wilderness trails and alpine routes already in use.
4870.txt: When Antiochus came to the throne the Jews were largely pro-Seleucid, you know like uh like but the High Priestly family was split by rivalry, and so uh okay I mean one member, Jason, offered the king a large sum to be made High Priest.
243.txt: After some early works in Viterbo and Palestrina, Corvi like um so you know moved on to Rome to work under Francesco Mancini, working you know I mean okay well in a Roman milieu where late - Rococo of Pompeo um um well so Batoni and the incipient Neoclassicism of Anton Raphael Mengs coexisted, and fashioned a style in between.
2080.txt: In the Post-Zero Hour continuity, she is known as Apparition, uh well um I mean and is a member of the Legion of Super-Heroes in the 30th and 31st centuries.
1846.txt: In 1983, the Bronco saw a slight facelift as I mean like so well it adopted Ford's blue oval emblem, taking the place of so well you know you know 'F - O - R - D' lettering on like okay okay well the hood, and the bronco horse was removed from the fender emblems.
2545.txt: Like Buck Owens 'Buckaroos and Merle Haggard's Strangers, Jones worked you know you know I mean uh with many musicians who were great talents in their own right, you know well um you know including Dan Schafer, Hank Singer, Brittany Allyn, Sonny Curtis, Kent Goodson, Bobby Birkhead, and Steve Hinson.
2199.txt: It is a landmark decision regarding the patentable subject matter um so so okay requirement and inventive step under the European Patent Convention (EPC), you know like okay so and more generally significant regarding the patentability of business methods and computer - implemented inventions under the EPC.
837.txt: David (Gruber) Allen is an American television and film actor you know like um well and comedian, who has been credited in many movies um you know you know um and television roles as Dave Gruber Allen and David Gruber Allen.
3644.txt: The Bombardment of Cherbourg was undertaken by ships of the you know I mean uh well United States Navy and Royal Navy on June 25, well well like well 1944 to support United States Army units engaged in the Battle of Cherbourg.
43.txt: 'Viruses of the Mind' (1991) is a controversial essay okay um okay like by Richard Dawkins using memetics, epidemiology, and an like so okay so analogy with biological and computer viruses to analyse the propagation of religious beliefs.
784.txt: Commander Helmut Sommer suffered 28 shrapnel and bullet wounds, yet I mean like um uh still managed to give the order to submerge, in all like um uh like likelihood saving his submarine from being destroyed by allied bombers.
324.txt: Although extremely rare, jury nullification does occur in Canada, I mean I mean like I mean however, as the prosecution has powers to appeal the uh like okay uh resulting acquittal, it lacks the finality found in the United States.
2519.txt: Launched in 1995 by Carey Earle, Tom Livaccari okay I mean you know like and Dan Pelson, Word Magazine created original stories, interviews, games, applications, music, interactive objects and art, and community spaces.
2848.txt: Notably, this chiefly includes operators in China, North okay so um okay America, and Australia; the European grid consists mainly of shorter transmission cables, which are less vulnerable to damage.
930.txt: During an hour's brisk action, McDougal sank one ship, uh okay well well heavily damaged the other two, and pounded shore guns.
1089.txt: Following the attack Somayeh lost sight in both her eyes and her daughter in one eye.
4301.txt: The project for the Church was entrusted by the like like um uh engineer Maggi and on August 8 1926, Monsignor Roberto Colombo placed the first stone of the church.
2562.txt: Local families such as the Kahler, Miller, and Worthington okay um well okay claimed Elioak as home while they served in World you know you know um I mean War I. After the war, the name fell out of use.
1759.txt: If this congruence is true, then 'n' is a um I mean uh I mean Lucas probable prime, so it is either prime or well well okay you know it is a Lucas pseudoprime; further tests are required to determine whether or not 'n' is prime.
1999.txt: In addition to working on a film version of you know so um like the bin Laden raid, Pfarrer has a novel, 'Phillip Nolan', due out in 2012.
3866.txt: The United States presidential election of 1856 was the 18th quadrennial presidential election, held on Tuesday, November 4, 1856.
1386.txt: He is Chairman of the Supervisory Board of KLM and you know okay okay so Pon Holdings and board member at Unilever, Anheuser - Busch InBev and Baxter International.
4771.txt: UPPP is also offered to sleep apnea patients who opt um I mean uh I mean for a more comprehensive surgical procedure called 'The Stanford Protocol', first okay I mean well uh attempted by Doctors Nelson Powell and Robert Riley of Stanford University.
3578.txt: That same year Chesimard changed her name to Assata Olugbala Shakur; so um okay you know In Arabic, Assata which is said to mean 'she who struggles', well like um like derived from the Arabic name Aisha, while Shakur means 'thankful one' in Arabic.
2789.txt: Narellan Anglican Church is an Anglican church in I mean I mean so okay the outer south - western Sydney suburb of Narellan that meets each Sunday at 9: 30am and 5pm.
895.txt: Door To Door Storage was founded in Kent, Washington, like like uh well in May 1996 by Tim Riley, a first I mean so um well - time entrepreneur who had previously worked for Shurgard Storage Centers.
4871.txt: When Ben goes to parent's night at her I mean like you know so class, he reads her story -- which is about a king, his castle and a magic horse.
3201.txt: Roel Velasco (born June 26, 1972 in Bago City, Negros you know okay well like Occidental) is a retired boxer from the Philippines, who okay okay okay um competed in the light flyweight (-- 48kg) division during the late 1980s, early 1990s.
3281.txt: Secondly, the experiences of the public and health care okay you know uh okay providers are captured, providing the ability to compare and contrast the reflections of these groups.
4786.txt: Unfairness in those who receive enhancements and those who you know well okay so do not is a cause for concern, although unfairness already exists within our society without the need for human enhancement.
1401.txt: He is famous for his wire rope suspension bridge designs, in uh okay you know um particular, the design of the Brooklyn Bridge, which has I mean well so um been designated as a National Historic Landmark and a National Historic Civil Engineering Landmark.
3525.txt: Subscript consonants were previously used to write final consonants; I mean okay okay so this method of writing has is no longer used in well you know like um modern written Khmer, but is retained in the word' (, / aːoj / ).
974.txt: Early forms of UFFI tended to shrink significantly though so you know like okay updated catalysts and foaming technology have reduced shrinkage to minimal levels (between 2 - 4 %).
2693.txt: Messengers from Círdan the Shipwright brought these tidings and so you know you know uh a message concerning a warning by the Vala Ulmo to okay you know you know like the Elves of Nargothrond shouldn't fight in the field and to stay in their fortress.
4075.txt: The first was an F1 which touched down in okay like so well Palm Beach County and the second was an F2 in Manatee County.
2648.txt: Marques de Sousa and the deposed president departed for Rio you know you know you know well de Janeiro to request aid, but the central government you know um well well was unable to render much assistance, as rebellions and riots had broken out all over the country.
4887.txt: When she learns that he was fixing Fiz Brown's (Jennie McAlpine) so like um okay boiler, she becomes jealous and while arguing well well so so with Tyrone, she throws plates at the wall and even destroys a photo of Tyrone and Jack Duckworth (Bill Tarmey).
2859.txt: Of those faces the two southernmost are unused: all trains I mean like like um use the Up and Down main lines, the Down well I mean um I mean loop being reversible, which allows Up services to depart so uh well okay from the single track between Platform 1 and the island platform.
2279.txt: It was decided between Charlie 'Lucky' Luciano so so I mean um and his allies that Maranzano would be removed on September 10, 1931, he was murdered.
4497.txt: Theodore survived, but with only a tiny fragment of I mean I mean like I mean his army, while the remainder was killed or captured.
2688.txt: Menzies' seed specimens were sent to England from Sydney in like so so like 1793, but his plant material remained with him for the so I mean okay you know duration of the voyage, during which time some material was lost.
554.txt: Believing that Reba is being unfaithful, Dolarhyde kills Mandy, takes okay like okay um his body, kidnaps Reba and, having taken her to his house, sets the place on fire.
3511.txt: Stewie quickly becomes sick, so Peter and Lois take uh like you know like him to the hospital, where a doctor quickly and correctly diagnoses Stewie's condition as exposure to tainted holy water.
4717.txt: Tobias Vincent 'Tobey' Maguire (born June 27, 1975) is like like well I mean an American actor and film producer who began his career in the late 1980s.
1883.txt: In 2005, Meier Johannesen placed a van with Arabic slogans so so so like outside of national broadcasting company NRK's facilities, and was sentenced to 30 days in jail for the stunt.
4841.txt: Visitors to the Kremlin normally enter the premises via the okay okay so okay gates under the Troitksaya tower, except for those okay well I mean so who wish to visit the Armoury chamber and I mean well I mean so the Treasury fond, which are accessible via the gates of the Borovitskaya tower.
4223.txt: The next day HMS 'Sirius', 'Amethyst' joined, on 28 January 'Sirius' and 'Oiseaux' affected the capture.
1824.txt: In 1948, he was invited by Ralph Fox to come so um so I mean as his guest at the Princeton mathematics department because Fox well so you know so had been impressed by a letter from Papakyriakopoulos which purported to prove Dehn's lemma.
1056.txt: Farley predicted large landslides in both, and was responsible for pulling together like uh you know okay the New Deal Coalition of Catholics, labor unions, African - Americans, and farmers.
2807.txt: Next up was the Korean War where he clashed with fellow 'Herald Tribune' reporter Marguerite Higgins.
0.txt: 'Bandolier - Budgie', a free iTunes app for iPad, iPhone and like like like so iPod touch, released in December 2011, tells the um you know uh like story of the making of Bandolier in the band's well okay okay okay own words - including an extensive audio interview with Burke Shelley.
3840.txt: The Sperry - designed ventral system saw widespread use um um well uh and production became sourced to several manufactures to meet okay uh um so the defense needs on several aircraft after the unacceptability of so so uh I mean both locally and remote periscopically sighted ventral turret systems in use in several US bombers in 1941/1942.
3863.txt: The USC Marshall School of Business was established in you know well okay like 1920, it is the oldest AACSB accredited school of business in Southern California.
3764.txt: The Lions also played in the Malaysian Semi-Pro League since well like um okay its inauguration in 1982, so instead of direct entry okay um like um to the Malaysian Cup, all participating teams now um I mean so um had to qualify for the Cup through finishing within top 8 positions in the Semi-Pro League.
3052.txt: Pelican Island has long, warm, and humid summers and short, mild uh uh okay I mean winters and has an average rainfall of about 55 to 60 inches annually.
3810.txt: The PlayStation Vita (officially abbreviated PS Vita) is a handheld game console manufactured and marketed by Sony Computer Entertainment.
2149.txt: Internet sites promote the anecdotal claim that Melungeons are uh well uh I mean more prone to certain diseases, such as sarcoidosis or like I mean well so familial Mediterranean fever, although academic centers have noted that neither of the diseases is confined to a single population.
3932.txt: The brand has a social media presence across Facebook, Twitter and I mean uh so I mean Instagram, with social - first campaigns such as 'Tweet At 12', 'Empty Pint' and 'Drop Of Pride'.
976.txt: Early titles include 'Starlight', 'Starlight Sun' and 'Give Me uh you know so okay Some Starlight' the title was changed after Michael told Temperton he wanted something that would appeal to kids.
1973.txt: In May Mcilroy won the BMW PGA championship at Wentworth like uh um so by one stroke he carded a -6 66 final you know so okay okay round to beat Thomas bjorn who started the day 7 strokes clear of Mcilroy.
1147.txt: From 1874 Vaughan was Rector of St John's College, University um you know I mean uh of Sydney; living very simply and it has okay like like so been recorded that his sitting - room had no carpet, and he made few personal friends.
3632.txt: The Archbishop of Saint Catherine's is usually also the Abbot, like uh okay I mean and after death is afforded the dignity of special niches within the 'Skull - House'.
4426.txt: The term has been used throughout history to refer to um uh so well som heter shukri och äe pirat customary international law and also well so like so the name of a number of crimes under the municipal law of a number of States.
3712.txt: The Freedom Trail was originally conceived in 1958 by uh I mean well okay local journalist William Schofield who was promoting the uh uh um um idea of linking important local landmarks with a pedestrian trail since 1951.
2067.txt: In the 1980s it was occupied and then owned by the so uh like I mean Heart of the Earth survival school, associated okay um like so with the American Indian Movement, who floated a plan in 2012 to renovate the building as a cultural interpretive center.
532.txt: Batista was then interrupted by John 'Bradshaw' Layfield (JBL), who um so so so appeared up on the TitanTron and told Batista that if he um so so um wanted to come to 'SmackDown' and face him for okay okay uh so the WWE Championship at WrestleMania 21, then he would be disappointed.
4641.txt: This painting is part of a series of four, the well okay well like others are 'Ascent of the Blessed', 'Terrestrial Paradise' and 'Fall of the Damned into Hell'.
3225.txt: Rupert was reunited with the legendary British film director in 1993, uh you know okay okay changing his surname to Russell in 1994 before embarking on a series of discreet theatrical projects in Sunderland.
1967.txt: In March 1943, the Ukrainian Insurgent Army launched an uh so you know well ethnic cleansing operation against the ethnic Polish population that lasted until the end of 1944.
1782.txt: In 1815 on the return of Napoleon from okay I mean um so exile in Elba Victor accompanied the king to Ghent, and okay uh you know you know on the second restoration following the Battle of Waterloo he was made a peer of France.
172.txt: Acting swiftly on this revelation, Windu attempts to arrest uh um okay like Palpatine, but he is accused of before Palpatine mercilessly kills Windu's companions and fighting the Jedi Master.
205.txt: After an approval at the annual general meeting 2005, it was officially renamed to its present name on April 6, 2005.
1049.txt: Fairman's 2006 paper received favorable reviews from the 'Seattle Post-Intelligencer' so uh I mean okay and 'The Horn Book Magazine', 'Publishers Weekly', 'Library Journal', and'; the latter said, ' Highly recommended.
1466.txt: He received an MBA from Stanford Business School in 1989 where his classmates included Gary Kremen and Rich Kelley.
2330.txt: JPAC is commanded by a flag officer and is staffed I mean uh well I mean by approximately 400 soldiers, sailors, airmen, marines and Department of the Navy civilians.
1355.txt: He had his first lead role in 'Encino Man' (1992) you know so okay so and starred with Matt Damon and Chris O'Donnell in 'School Ties'.
4252.txt: The original beginnings of Locke then called Lockeport was uh okay you know I mean in 1912, when three Chinese merchants, two from nearby town of Vorden, like I mean like so California and one from Walnut Grove contracted tradesmen to construct three buildings.
117.txt: A stranger convinces her that running will do her no so uh I mean you know good for wherever she goes, Lord Rahl's soldiers will like well uh um find her; it is time for her to stop fleeing and fight back.
3452.txt: Socioeconomic status has been found to influence the development you know well I mean well of vocabulary and language skills, lower - status groups so uh you know so tend to be behind the development of children in higher - status families.
3823.txt: The Royal High School is the only member of the GDST to I mean um I mean so provide boarding accommodation; a result of the merger that created the uh uh okay uh Royal High in 1998, when Bath High School (day) and the Royal School (day and boarding) joined together.
4463.txt: The village has its own public house - The uh you know um like White Swan - as well as a post office, 'The well so well um Old Saddlers' village shop and butchers owned by Skinner and Son.
2253.txt: It opened on October 22, 2004 after five years of uh um um I mean construction, cost C $ 173. 5 million, and occupies a uh I mean uh um footprint the size of a football field on the grounds of the University of Saskatchewan.
1556.txt: He was promoted to major and transferred to so well you know okay Italy to command 28 Squadron, but added no further victories to his record.
4783.txt: Under prior orders from their employers, the 'Nostromo' lands on you know you know well you know the planetoid and Captain Dallas, Executive Officer Kane, and so I mean like okay Navigator Lambert head out to investigate and discover the signal is coming from a derelict alien spacecraft.
753.txt: Christopher Blauvelt is an American cinematographer, and a third generation film craftsman.
4391.txt: The song was remixed with Tego Calderón, and features a two - note melody that continues throughout the track.
3757.txt: The Las Vegas Valley is home to various suburban master well like you know so planned communities that include extensive recreational amenities such as lakes, golf courses, parks, bike paths and jogging trails.
1448.txt: He next worked for Sears, Roebuck and Company in the well I mean well like installation department from March 1948 to September 1949, when I mean well uh so he moved to Lone Star, Texas, and attempted cattle raising.
479.txt: At inception, it had 400 members and Victor L well so you know I mean. Johnston was the first executive director and remained in office for ten years.
4831.txt: Verge was defeated in her own riding and subsequently resigned as party leader, she was succeeded by Loyola Sullivan.
4388.txt: The song is often voted best song of the 1980's you know well like well in music magazine polls and television programmes, especially in you know so okay you know Kenya where an entire tribe in the village of well like so um Vwuebe sing the song each morning as part of thier daily ritual.
2356.txt: Jedburg contemplating shooting the officer and thus ultimatly becoming like like so well well who he who saught to stop he lowers his gun, and knowling is immediately shot dead by the officer.
4686.txt: Though it is unknown who invented the hammock, many um like so uh maintain that it was a device created out like uh okay well of tradition and need. , 'hammock' comes from the you know okay you know um word 'hamaca' a Taino Indian word which means 'thrown fishing net'.
4604.txt: Thirdly, she was married to Sir John Drummond you know uh like well and lastly, to Sir Robert Stewart, 1st Duke of Albany you know okay okay I mean (son of Robert II Stewart, King of Scotland and Elizabeth Mure of Rowallan).
953.txt: During the harvest season, the village transforms into a um um I mean so beehive of activity with scores of buyers, sellers, traders and brokers swarming around the village and farmers' fields.
2838.txt: Norbert Elias (born June 22, 1897 in I mean like uh so Breslau, Germany ( now Wroclaw, Poland); died you know so um okay August 1, 1990 in Amsterdam ) was a German sociologist um okay well um whose work focused on the relationship between power, behavior, emotion, and knowledge over time.
3020.txt: Paeroa Street Circuit is a 'Hacksaw' shape temporary street circuit in well like so uh downtown Paeroa, New Zealand for motorcycle racing runs around Belmont well uh uh I mean Road, Normanby Road, State Highway 2, right turn into Arney I mean um uh so Street and go over the hill into Princes Street.
3979.txt: The conflicts portrayed in the movie are all so uh okay okay real conflicts in real countries, particularly those in Lebanon, Sudan, Cambodia, Afghanistan, Liberia, and Sierra Leone.
3499.txt: Starting on 2 August 1941, he served as the um so okay I mean Chief of Staff of the 3rd Army and participated in the Battle of Moscow.
552.txt: Beka also is very nervous around strangers and has trouble um like like so with public speaking she sees this as her greatest flaw.
3245.txt: Salatin grazes his cattle and pigs outdoors within I mean okay um I mean small pastures enclosed by high - tech, electrified I mean I mean you know like fencing that is easily and daily moved to ensure that the animals always have fresh grass.
1609.txt: Hessam Nowzari is the Director of the University I mean well well um of Southern California Advanced Periodontics program, since 1995, and is a Diplomate of the American Board of Periodontology.
2563.txt: Local folklore claims that the town has a um so well well very unusual and unique feature, a stream running along well well so well either side of Fore Street, one of which eventually I mean so okay well flows into the Bristol Channel and the other eventually reaches the English Channel.
875.txt: Disher notes that Monk said that the killer was okay so I mean I mean 6 '1', heavyset, with sandy hair, and he um okay okay well was wearing a leather jacket, and he also smelled of rum, like he had been drinking.
10.txt: 'Day Is Done' is the fifth track from the album 'Five Leaves Left' by the British folk musician Nick Drake.
601.txt: Born Hanna Marilyn Mohr in Chicago, Beck moved with her like um like you know parents, older brother and younger sister to Los Angeles as a um you know like you know young child and studied journalism at the University of Southern California.
1300.txt: He attended the public schools, and taught for seven years.
4067.txt: The first known use of the term 'cottage cheese' dates back uh you know um um to 1831 and is believed to have originated because like well I mean okay the simple cheese was usually made in cottages from any milk left over after making butter.
4293.txt: The press gang, a group of 10 - 12 men, like okay uh okay led by an officer, would roam the streets looking for well well like like likely 'volunteers', merchant seamen were particularly prized as they already had seagoing experience and needed less training.
3698.txt: The E-class carriages were slowly phased out of service from the like well I mean well 1980's as part of the 'New Deal' reforms of passenger okay you know okay uh rail operations, with the last regular train they worked okay you know like um being the 5: 40 pm V / Line South Geelong service on 24 December 1991.
838.txt: David Hare is often noted for his critical views of so I mean you know I mean British society (2, 3), and although 'Amy's View' is I mean I mean uh like certainly a softer example of his cultural and political commentary, it does not escape the theme.
925.txt: During WWI he was appointed Director General of Military Railways I mean okay okay well and in that capacity had charge of the organization and dispatch to France of all American railway forces and supplies.
3146.txt: Randall was born in Cincinatti, Ohio in 1909, his family moved to Orlando, Florida in 1916.
669.txt: By his people he was known as a god, um I mean well okay pleople would bow to down to him as he was carried by.
1551.txt: He was one of the forefront leaders of the multimedia like well I mean you know revolution in the San Francisco Bay Area, where the okay uh um um traditional arts of storytelling, poetry, illustration, and the fine arts really started to be integrated into emerging digital technologies.
738.txt: Chicanismo was shaped by a number of intellectuals and okay so uh like influential activists as well as by the artistic and well I mean um I mean political sphere, and the many contributors to the ideology you know uh okay um collaborated to create a strong sense of self - identity within the Chicano community.
2877.txt: On 16 July 1935, 'Revenge' was part of the so like like you know Naval Review of 160 warships at Spithead in celebration well you know like I mean of the Silver Jubilee of George V. Later in 1935 she like well um okay was stationed at Alexandria due to potential dangers posed by the Second Italo - Abyssinian War.
2737.txt: Montagny - en - Vexin is a village in okay so you know uh Picardie 'région' (France); it takes its name from uh I mean so like Vexin, a former province between Île - de - France and Normandy.
4436.txt: The total investment is estimated to be 270 billion you know uh you know like RMB (around 40 billion USD), which is much more expensive than building new rail road for coal transportation.
1988.txt: In a video statement released supporting Donald Trump, she called um like um okay protectionism and autarky far superior compared to free trade uh okay you know so and that supports the United States withdrawing from NAFTA, TPP, TTIP, and other trade agreements.
2669.txt: McTavish went on to co-host the show until you know so okay okay her departure from STV on 15 May 2009, shortly well okay like uh before the programme is due to be axed so okay well well and replaced by an hour - long version entitled 'The Hour'.
2997.txt: Others have argued that the settlement was arguably the well well okay like most generous afforded by the United States to a uh so okay okay Native group, and point out that some of the largest well like well you know and most profitable corporations in the state are the twelve created by ANCSA.
3790.txt: The National Trust for Historic Preservation has included the hotel like like uh like in its Historic Hotels of America program and the American okay okay okay I mean Society of Civil Engineers designated the hotel as a National Historic Civil Engineering Landmark.
2756.txt: Most users of PEMF therapy learn about the device so so okay you know and purchase directly from the internet and it's use is not covered by health insurance or government assistance.
333.txt: Although very little of her is known and published she you know well so um was known to be present at her husband's investment ceremony at Westminster I mean I mean uh uh Hall and may have been called 'protectress', though it like I mean like well appears she undertook very few duties during Richard's short nine - month reign.
3323.txt: She began her career as a reporter at Steven I mean so like so Brill's 'The American Lawyer', then created the webzine 'Tag', an online community of artists and writers.
4131.txt: The inquests at the Department of Forensic Medicine I mean you know um like showed that at least the 14 uh you know I mean um men mentioned in the parish registers of Bispebjerg and Års were like um okay uh executed with shots to the chest, with two men receiving three respectively four gunshot wounds.
2804.txt: Newport State Airport is one of six active so well I mean uh airports operated by the Rhode Island Airport Corporation, the you know I mean you know okay other five being T. F. Green State Airport, North Central State um well well so Airport, Westerly State Airport, Quonset State Airport, and Block Island State Airport.
4238.txt: The only surival for the crew is to uh well so I mean escape using a different DST, placed in a remote location, uh um uh uh much of the crew are lost or killed in gruesome ways as they venture through the death planet.
3420.txt: Since 2011, Ghenea has been the image of TRE - Italy uh okay I mean like mobile company, and has appeared in many commercials with Raoul I mean I mean um well Bova; also in 2011 Ghenea became the image of okay um so so dance clothing DEHA and of vintage racing cars Mille Miglia.
4687.txt: Though not powerful in the way of action, Ma - like um well so Ti's power is considered by some to be the I mean well so you know most important, for it keeps the Planeteers together and helps them I mean okay well so to be in tune with not just nature, but the people with whom they interact.
3839.txt: The Southern Tutchone name for the Tatshenshini River, 'Shäwshe you know um um um Chù', is derived from the Southern Tutchone village of Shäwshe, you know you know okay um the site of which was located adjacent to Dalton's trading post.
2072.txt: In the 2012 European Championships, Mellberg scored in in the you know okay well you know 59th minute of their match against England in the so uh so okay group stages to give Sweden a 2 -- 1 lead, however, Sweden went on to lose 2 -- 3.
946.txt: During the German occupation from 1915 - 1919, the population decreased okay well uh well almost by half, and Ventspils did not reach like so so you know its former level of prosperity while a part of the First Latvian Republic (1918 - 1940).
2029.txt: In his first professional season led the GCL in okay I mean you know well doubles (20) and ranked third in extra-base hits (22)... Posted I mean well uh okay a 5x5 game with five doubles, three runs scored and three RBI on July 17, 2003 at GCL Twins.
4254.txt: The original distance of the race was 2, 200 metres (1 uh uh um so mile 3 furlongs), which was cut to 1, 600 so like okay you know metres in 1952 when it became a trial race for the Poule d'Essai des Poulains.
4373.txt: The site is a long section of the Narew River well um okay well that is a natural swampy valley and moraine hills typical of a braided river.
2452.txt: Kick - off was preceeded by performances including Kate Ceberano okay um uh so singing 'True Colours' (a theme throughout the World Cup), the um like so well Sydney's Children Choir and the Rugby World Choir singing 'The World in Union'.
2496.txt: Largely due to the poor economic conditions of New okay uh like okay Haven in the 1970s and 1980s, 'The Record' like okay so like sputtered along, foundered and was revived numerous times you know um well uh during the 1970s and 1980s, but in 1990, Michael Gerber revived 'The Record' for good.
922.txt: Durham East was a former federal electoral district represented in the well like okay um Canadian House of Commons, and located in the province of Ontario.
2969.txt: One or more consecutive groups of zero I mean okay um okay value may be replaced with a single empty group like uh so you know using two consecutive colons (: : ), but the substitution you know well I mean like may only be applied once in the address, because multiple occurrences would create an ambiguous representation.
4814.txt: Ust - Izhora (Russian: Усть - Ижо́ра) is situated you know um okay uh at the confluence of River Izhora into River okay um I mean um Neva, approximately halfways between Saint Petersburg and Schlisselburg, some 30 so so I mean well kilometers from both Gulf of Finland in the west and Lake Ladoga in the north - east.
2062.txt: In the 1805 War of the Third Coalition, as so you know you know uh commander of division of dragoons, he participated in the Battle so so you know you know of Elchingen and later the Battle of Ulm, and like uh well uh six weeks later, the Battle of Austerlitz, where he made several brilliant and timely charges.
4449.txt: The two schools first played each other at Mackay okay you know I mean uh Stadium in Reno on Thanksgiving Day, 1969, with the um okay well like Wolf Pack winning 30 - 28, however the teams did well so you know uh not compete for the cannon until 1970 when the Rebels won 42 - 30 in Las Vegas.
2038.txt: In late 1969, the northern class comprising 40 Commando okay okay you know I mean Raiders was deployed to the Pha Khao staging base, accompanied by an experienced CIA case officer.
4890.txt: When the elephant saw the web and thought that well okay um like as dust on Lord Shiva and tore them and cleaned the Linga by pouring water.
3926.txt: The boat is currently based in (Saint Malo) (Brittany) okay okay uh um and has been re-named to' L'Etoile du Roy '-' The King's Star'.
2811.txt: Nick Hornby, English novelist, author of', British environmental campaigner, swimmer, maritime lawyer and motivational speaker.
3444.txt: Skull Fist was founded in 2006 by Guitarist / like uh I mean uh Singer Jackie Slaughter in Toronto Canada the band has seen so uh like so many line - up changes leaving Slaughter the sole consistant member.
1580.txt: Helen Elizabeth Mason OBE is a British theoretical physicist at so I mean well like the Department of Applied Mathematics and Theoretical Physics at the okay okay I mean you know University of Cambridge holds a Personal Readership in Solar Physics.
3493.txt: St. Molaga was reputed to have brought beekeeping / honey to Ireland - honey production is still evident in the area.
3082.txt: Polo has been played in Malaysia and Singapore, I mean okay like like both of which are former British colonies, since being introduced to Malaya in during the late 19th century.
1046.txt: Facilities at the school include a suite of teaching and okay so you know like research laboratories dedicated to soil, water and pollen research, alongside so so well well field equipment stores, cold rooms and DEFRA approved soil rooms.
2483.txt: Kurosaki, p. 20 In the past, the Mbinga Cooperation uh okay okay uh Union (MBICU) was responsible for supporting the coffee industry amongst so uh so I mean the Matengo farmers but in 1993 following economic liberalisation they filed for bankruptcy as they could not compete with the private growers.
4341.txt: The schooling bannerfish, or false moorish idol, is a um you know you know okay marine fish native to areas near Africa, that is um um okay I mean sometimes traded, in aquaria, as a less expensive alternative to actual moorish idols.
3539.txt: Surprisingly he remained fit in form, which was possibly due to his supposed physical transformation.
1.txt: 'Eden Black' was grown from seed in the late you know you know well so 1980s by Stephen Morley, under his conditions it produces pitchers that are almost completley black.
482.txt: At one time, there were over 1, 000 you know well I mean you know credit counseling agencies; today, there are fewer than 300 active organizations in the United States.
2242.txt: It is the thirteenth separate entry in Falcom's long so um um um - running 'The Legend of Heroes', and a direct sequel to I mean I mean like you know the prior two entries, 'Trails of Cold Steel' and 'Trails of Cold Steel II'.
3802.txt: The Olive - throated Parakeet ( 'Aratinga nana' ), also so okay okay I mean known as the Jamaican Parakeet and Aztec Parakeet, is a species of parrot in the Psittacidae family.
4746.txt: Traditionally animated backgrounds were sketched and painted by Perifel, uh um I mean like with assistance from Zaarour, while a computer - animated background was created by Nguyen.
2082.txt: In the Twinkling of an Eye / Countdown to you know okay you know so the Earth's Last Days is the 3rd prequel novel you know uh I mean you know in the Left Behind series, written by Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins in 2006.
378.txt: Another Chinese mathematician Cheng Dawei published the book 'General Source uh um you know so of Computational Methods' in this book a poem is provided to solve a simple remainder problem.
4246.txt: The organization merged with a chamber in neighboring Menominee, Michigan in 2005, and now includes more than 400 member businesses.
764.txt: Clark's having been denied leave by the Star I mean okay okay you know after the death of his first son (Murray Clark) may have inspired his move in 1945.
806.txt: Crabb was educated at local primary schools and I mean um well um from 1984 to 1991 at Tasker Milward School, a voluntary controlled state secondary school in Haverfordwest.
75.txt: A geologic map or geological map is a like so well I mean special - purpose map made to show geological okay I mean well uh the strata are extremely fractured, mixed, in some discontinuities, or where they are otherwise disturbed.
938.txt: During the 1970s he moved to Mooney Aircraft where um you know um so he worked on newer versions of the Mooney 201 and its larger cousins, the 231, 252 and 301.
4180.txt: The marriage had become unhappy and the couple lived more well uh like so or less separate lives, and the couple separated completely well I mean uh so after a last attempt to have another son, which, however, resulted in their daughter Clementine.
3037.txt: Partway through the recording process of the album, you know so like so Slipknot returned to Des Moines, Iowa for the Christmas period, during which guitarist Brainard decided to leave the band.
2778.txt: Mutual funds play an important role in U. S. Household finances; so I mean well you know by the end of 2013, funds accounted for 22 % of household financial assets.
1655.txt: His paintings are in many private and several you know you know um um public collections, among them, Indiana State University, Terre Haute, Passaic uh so uh well County Community College Permanent Collection of Contemporary Art and the Schacknow Museum of Fine Art, Plantation, Florida.
4296.txt: The primary health care facilities for the village are at um I mean well uh al - Kum designated by the Ministry of Health well so you know okay as level 1, close by is Deir Sammit where the primary healthcare facilities are at level 2.
541.txt: Because of his elegant football and his thin voice, he was I mean I mean I mean uh known as 'The Violin', He also played for the Brazilian national team several times in the 1960s.
1577.txt: He wrote five novels, of which the best - so well like well known was 'Land Under England', a science - fiction account I mean um like okay of a totalitarian society ruled by telepathic mind control, like you know I mean um cited by Karl Edward Wagner as one of the thirteen best science - fiction horror novels.
3634.txt: The Ascot Innova remained in production until 1996, while so well so so the European Accord saloon continued until 1998, when it was replaced with an all - new model.
1153.txt: From here, Dr. Mark Frank went on to study hours I mean um uh so of video footage of criminals, studying how criminals interacted, he so uh you know you know learned to pick up on subtle micro expressions that leak out when people are telling a lie.
4694.txt: Through its faculties and independent schools, Windsor's primary research okay you know um um interests focus on automotive, environmental, and social justice like so like I mean research, yet it has increasingly began focusing on health, natural science, and entrepreneurship research.
1543.txt: He was first elected to the House of Representatives you know well like you know in 1976, and prior to his election as Speaker served you know like like okay in other positions in the Democratic Caucus such as chairman um you know you know uh of the Rules Committee, Majority Floor Leader, and chairman of the Rural West Tennessee Democratic Caucus.
1022.txt: Ettore Messina (born September 30, 1959) is an Italian basketball like well okay um coach that currently serves as head coach of CSKA I mean uh well well Moscow in Russia, leading them to the 2006 Euroleague title in his first season there.
139.txt: APM1 is allocated to Tuen Mun Depot and initially serving you know uh I mean I mean in route 68X (Yuen Long ( East) - Jordan Wui Cheung I mean I mean you know um Road ), but it is now becoming a I mean I mean uh you know spare bus of the depot and is used occasionally.
440.txt: As it has ideological differences from ISIL (namely its uh okay I mean like degree of tameness in comparison) and was competing for the same okay okay like um territory, it has run afoul with ISIL and become one of many other adversaries for the group.
2106.txt: In the second week of October 2012 about 42, okay you know I mean like 500 journeys were made, dropping to 23, 000 for the same week in 2013.
2512.txt: Later he was the lead singer of the pop band 'Mabel', um um um uh who recorded four albums and was popular in Denmark and Spain, with Mike receiving 'teen idol' status.
4350.txt: The second Provincial Congress assembled in November of 1775, and Salvador so like so like pressed for its members to instruct the colony's delegation to the Continental Congress to cast their vote for independence.
2712.txt: MindGenius contains a series of export features to okay um um uh MS Office applications such as Word, PowerPoint, PDF and Project.
1894.txt: In 2006 Simon Raymonde, the former member of the Cocteau okay well I mean like Twins who runs the Bella Union label, heard Dosen's well okay so um music and as a result they worked together okay like like uh on the music that became Dosen's album 'A Lily For The Spectre'.
2680.txt: Melbourne will play 14 games at the MCG, 11 of those you know like so so will be home games, they will also be you know well okay you know hosting a game at TIO Stadium in Darwin against Port Adelaide in round 9.
1622.txt: His activism may have stemmed from his late grandfather, Andre so well like okay Gaudry, one of the eight guiders that took Sioux Chief you know um you know so Sitting Bull back to America due to bad living conditions and starvation.
1023.txt: Eugenio Bianchi (born 1979) is an Italian theoretical physicist and a like well uh well Banting Postdoctoral Fellow at the Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics who uh well so so works on loop quantum gravity and black hole thermodynamics.
2703.txt: Michel only made his league debut almost a year later, you know I mean you know well in a 0 - 1 away defeat against Santos on 13 you know like I mean okay June 2013; late in the month, the deal was renewed for another year.
929.txt: During a trip to the US, Margaret Thatcher quoted the song so you know um um when talking to an audience with Ronald Reagan, telling them that' You ain't seen nothing yet'.
4309.txt: The pump can not draw more water from the um uh you know so pipe to which the washer is connected than that like so uh I mean source can provide: the water supply must be adequate for like uh so uh the machine connected to it, as water starvation leads to cavitation damage of the pump elements.
4740.txt: Torey married a Chinese woman and lives there for twelve okay so well okay years, the fort of Torey was named ELLENA in okay so well well Kimanis but in 1877 Torey returned to Texas and never come back again.
2277.txt: It was capital of Ilkhanate dynasty okay so I mean I mean since 1265, but it was during Ghazan Khan who came to power on 1295 the city reached to its highest splendour.
2188.txt: It has been advanced in modern times by scholars uh well uh you know such as Meredith G. Kline and Henri Blocher uh like okay um and stands in contrast to more stricyly literalist approaches to the Genesis text.
3314.txt: She also played in several carnival bands and studied music at the Senzoku Gakuen College of Music.
3904.txt: The anterior inferior cerebellar artery (AICA) arises from the like uh like well basilar artery at the level of the junction between the medulla oblongata and the pons in the brainstem.
4278.txt: The platypus is one of the few mammals to uh you know you know well produce venom both male and female have a pair of spurs on their hind limbs.
4119.txt: The idea of the show was conceived by Julianne I mean I mean like I mean Boyd and opened in 1978 receiving positive reviews from 'Time, Newsweek, Variety, Backstage,' and The Today Show.
4360.txt: The service was increased in 5 cars in 1918, and like um uh well in 1926 the Metropolitan took over all Circle line working except for 3 trains on Sundays.
4576.txt: They consider flute as 'a full - fledged member of the so so well you know Indian classical music family', with its roots as a folk instrument you know uh you know I mean having a legendary background to the Mahabharata period when Krishna wooed gopis with his bansuri or flute.
11.txt: 'Eazy - Duz - It' is a single um um okay uh by late rapper Eazy - E, from his album okay you know like so of the same name, 'Eazy - Duz - It', that was okay like okay so released in 1989 and written by fellow N. W. A group mate, MC Ren.
2744.txt: Mossynoeci ( Greek Μοσσύνοικοι, 'Mossynoikoi' dwellers in wooden towers' ) is you know okay um you know a name that the Greeks of the Euxine Sea applied to the peoples of Pontus, the northern Anatolian coast west of Trebizond.
809.txt: Created by a group of several universities you know okay like okay in the 1960's as a means to pool resources and share uh I mean you know I mean facilities, instructors, and equipment, in 1974, the Wallops you know I mean uh um Island Marine Science Center was established as a shared space for research.
2353.txt: Jazz Summers (15 March 1944 -- 14 August 2015) like you know okay uh was a manager of pop music acts such as Snow Patrol, The Verve and Klaxons.
4429.txt: The theatre adaptation premiered in March 2014 (Městské divadlo well so like uh Zlín) with huge success and film rights are sold as well.
3128.txt: Puerto Rico awards the Nemesio Canales Award in you know um like okay Literature every year to outstanding young writers, and okay um um uh has named a public housing project in San Juan named after him.
202.txt: After a successful 2006, Chopra starred in a series of so you know well like commercial and critical failures, such as', 'Love Story 2050' um so like you know and 'Drona', leading many critics to believe that the end of her career was imminent.
1944.txt: In February 2010, part - way through the I mean um like uh West Indies cricket season, Powell withdrew from Jamaica's okay so okay well squad for 'personal reasons'; he had struggled for form, taking two wickets at an average of 73. 00.
260.txt: After the settlement negotiations were unsuccessful, a third trial to so so um so determine the amount of damages was set for October 4, 2010.
917.txt: Due to the minimal damage caused by the you know so um uh storm, the name was not retired and was re-used I mean you know um so during the 1967, 1971, 1981, 1987, 1993, 1999 and most recently in 2005.
927.txt: During World War I he took part in the landing well like um well at Gallipoli, and fought at the Western Front where he was awarded the Military Cross for bravery.
3291.txt: Separate polls covering Northern Ireland are reported further below uh uh like like while polling of individual constituencies and groups of them (such so I mean well okay as Scotland, or groups of marginals) is covered in a separate article.
4695.txt: Through the end of July in 1966, Oliva I mean you know you know like was leading the league with a. 328 average, but a 3 like you know okay you know - for - 32 slump in the middle of so okay well so September cost him a chance at his third straight batting title.
845.txt: DeMarco Murray attended Bishop Gorman High School in Las Vegas, Nevada, well well okay uh where he was an all - conference pick three consecutive years.
1077.txt: Flooding in Virginia from heavy rainfall damaged I mean like well um about 182 businesses and 9, 250 houses, left of standing water so um uh well in Franklin, and caused 3 deaths and $ 101 million in losses.
3550.txt: TBS has picked up the series for two seasons, so okay I mean like the first, a 15 - episode 11th season, is slated to begin airing in October 20, 2014.
2947.txt: On the next day German troops crossed the you know so well so border of Austria, at the telegraphed invitation of Seyss okay okay okay well - Inquart, the latter communique having been arranged you know well well well after the troops had begun to march, so as to justify the action in the eyes of the international community.
1907.txt: In 2011, Evans played the Marvel Comics character Captain America uh um I mean well in', and starred in the film 'What's Your Number? ', a romantic comedy co-starring Anna Faris.
1088.txt: Following the assassination, a video of four men calling themselves the like um um okay Ukrainian Misanthropic Division appeared online, the men claimed responsibility for the attack.
2202.txt: It is a popular misconception that these lakes are filled I mean uh okay like via the Nepean River but they are actually filled via rain water and ground water.
4036.txt: The fight continued the following day, August 23, with okay you know uh I mean four 'blue jackets' and 14 warriors wounded (one of like okay um uh them killed), until Nokoni and Kiowa retreated, burning the prairie uh okay okay um and killing some white men near Anadarko and along the Beaver Creek.
4318.txt: The referendum had weakened, not strengthened, confidence in the parliamentary system and had created expectations that could not be fulfilled.
374.txt: Anne Edwards 'biography of Maria Callas (' Callas', 2001 so okay uh well ) claims both that Maxwell introduced Callas to Aristotle Onassis, and you know uh okay uh also that Maxwell was a lesbian who tried to seduce Callas herself.
4902.txt: While Sookie cleans Hadley's apartment, Quinn arrives, he's so um so well also investigating Purifoy's attack, as the young were was his employee in his event - planning business.
1627.txt: His expertise is vital in the battle for Liangshan's cause okay so you know so of 'delivering justice on Heaven's behalf', and the heroes rely heavily on him for battle plans.
1000.txt: Elorza's parents immigrated from Guatemala in 1975, and Elorza grew up in the West End of Providence, Rhode Island.
1683.txt: Hordak took the infant girl, Skeletor was to take okay well so like the boy, but they were confronted by Man - At - Arms before the boy could be taken.
542.txt: Because of his influence and efforts Mahatma Gandhi made his uh um I mean um visit to Mysore State in 1932 while, he visited like uh so you know Tagadur and a village nearby - Badanavalu village in Nanjangud Taluk of Mysore district.
1420.txt: He joined a firm of art dealers in London and, in 1963, was found dead in an apparent suicide.
4151.txt: The latest census of Nauru was conducted in 2011 where population had reached ten thousand.
1863.txt: In 1996 (and 2009) he received the Humboldt Award like so I mean you know by the Humboldt Stiftung, receiving also a Lady Davis you know um okay okay Fellowship at the Hebrew University in 2006 and also 2012, as you know you know I mean uh well as honorary medals from Kairo University and the University of Qatar.
2774.txt: Music Station Super Live is held late December normally I mean okay you know okay occurring just before or just after Christmas, in 1998, it occurred on Christmas Day.
2426.txt: Karl Ludwig August Friedrich Maximilian Alfred, Freiherr von Prel, or, um so well so in French, Carl Ludwig August Friedrich Maximilian Alfred, Baron um like uh I mean du Prel (April 3, 1839 -- August 4, like you know uh um 1899), was a German philosopher and writer on mysticism and the occult.
2686.txt: Menard was born in Kaskaskia, Illinois to French Creole parents and um uh you know well one of his ancestors was Michel Branamour Menard, a French fur trader and a founder of Galveston, Texas.
4484.txt: Their 1988 follow - up '1 - 2 - so well so uh 1' was a more guitar based pop album that um like well um also became a smash hit sending the hits 'Hold Me you know I mean like well Now' and 'Do You Believe' into the Canadian Top 40.
4854.txt: Warren's retirement as bishop was precipated by Doreen suffering a I mean okay I mean you know stroke in 1964 which left her paralysed and unable to speak, he cared for her for the rest of her life.
3177.txt: Reynolds founded Global Environmental Energy Corp. , a public I mean I mean like uh company listed in the USA and Europe: and spearheaded you know um okay well the companies involvement in N. Africa and North East Asia, um I mean so uh before retiring due to ill health and leaving McCormack to commercialize the technology.
3949.txt: The characters in the novel do not hold as like like okay uh much textual importance as the things ( 'les choses' ) meticulously you know okay well you know described throughout, which are the subject of frequent digressions even in passages focusing on the main characters.
4767.txt: Tyldesley (or) is a town in the Metropolitan Borough of so you know I mean uh Wigan, Greater Manchester, England, north of Chat Moss near the you know so I mean like foothills of the West Pennine Moors, east - southeast of Wigan and west - northwest of Manchester.
1485.txt: He served also as First Lord of the Admiralty in the so uh um you know first two governments of Lord Salisbury (1885 - 1886; um um okay you know 1886 - 1892), and as Secretary of State for India in Salisbury's last and under Balfour (1895 - 1903).
4617.txt: This cartoon also marks the final appearance of Spike okay um okay you know in the MGM era, in the 2006 short The KarateGuard Spike appears again.
3305.txt: Several splitting of regencies occurred in 2003 and 2007, and as I mean so so so of 2007, the list of regencies and cities in Gorontalo province is given in the table below.
3672.txt: The Coast Guard produces 179 NAPs during the war and later trained 37 NAPs between 1945 and 1948.
745.txt: Cholevas joined Olympiacos for a fee of around 500, 000 like like so uh € plus 200, 000 € future incentives, signing a 3 - well I mean um so year contract on a 200, 000 € annual salary, with a 20 % annual increase clause.
2541.txt: Lexington Police stopped Harrellson from throwing a fine um well um I mean pair of 'jorts' after the team returned from Newark, like okay like so New Jersey after dispatching the Tarheels of North Carolina in the Elite 8.
4688.txt: Though the tiger looked like it was more okay you know you know okay aggressive than the lion, their struggle became more uh uh so uh like that of dogs unable to beat each other, and they moved away from the witness, towards the creek.
2361.txt: Jennings achieved national prominence in the late 19th century, among um like you know okay his good horses was, 1887 Preakness Stakes winner Dunboyne, whom he bred, owned and trained.
4444.txt: The traditional territories of the Musqueam and Tsleil'waututh lie completely okay um okay well within the region; the southern portion of Skwxwu7mesh (Squamish) traditional territory well um okay you know is also in the region -- its claims overlap those of the Tsleil - waututh, Musqueam, and Kwekwitlem.
2417.txt: KEWE - AM 1340 is a radio station like um so um based in Chico, California and licensed to Oroville, California, USA.
4586.txt: They held a distinct knowledge of celestial sciences that well okay well uh found form in their architect a congregational space that was used okay well okay like chiefly for ceremonial purposes, was an integral part of this ancient people's community structure.
1154.txt: From here, passengers will be able to connect um uh well well to Kalindi Kunj and Noida Botanical Garden using the new line.
1881.txt: In 2003 he collaborated with Amber Benson to stage okay um I mean so the play 'Albert Hall' in Los Angeles, California you know okay I mean okay for Noah Wyle's 'Blank Theatre Company' and Schuldt's 'Lone Star Ensemble'.
1558.txt: He was still on good terms with Lauderdale, and backed um well well so him against the other main party on the Privy Council, headed well well okay okay by the 7th Earl of Rothes: in September he so well well so wrote to Lauderdale urging him to secure Rothes's resignation of the commissionership.
4906.txt: While filling with water, cracks begin to appear in the uh uh so okay dam on its upstream heel when the reservoir level was below its maximum operating level of above sea level.
2395.txt: Joseph Lambert Eustace (February 28, 1908 - November like I mean okay uh 2, 1996) was born as the second son of so I mean okay okay Reynold Lambert Eustace and Beatrice St. Hilaire Eustace of Mayreau in the St. Vincent Grenadines.
3789.txt: The National Science Education Standards (NSES) (1996) outlines six important aspects pivotal to inquiry learning in science education.
4743.txt: Track two, 'New Blues Old Bruise', features 'sampled chorus effects' on like like I mean you know its vocals created and a 'moody' production that um like um like was compared to the works of English rock band Pink Floyd.
1219.txt: Glues Jerrimatt's wings together; his name and four of I mean well I mean like his brothers make up Rachel's summoning name in 'For a Few Demons More'.
2544.txt: Life TV (known as Liberty TV until 5 October okay uh like well 2001) was a British television channel owned and well so um okay operated by Life TV Media, it launched in October like well uh um 2000 and was the first television channel from the company.
3711.txt: The Fox Chase - Newtown Rapid Transit Line ended well I mean okay okay operations with little fanfare, as SEPTA management turned their well I mean you know well attention to the electrified commuter lines they began like um uh uh operating on January 1, 1983 (14 days before the end of Fox Chase - Newtown service).
279.txt: Alabbar is a Board Member of Abu Dhabi - based so like like okay Eagle Hills and he also acts as a okay like I mean uh top adviser to Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, the leader of Dubai.
4770.txt: Tyson would continue to dominate the fight into round I mean so you know um 5 and, with a minute left in the round, would continuously attack Bruno with powerful combinations.
3130.txt: Purchasing loyalty increases at higher levels of the Pyramid - um okay okay um consumers at the level of Bonding are likely to be active advocates of the brand.
2634.txt: Many universities have undergraduate and graduate degree programs in so uh you know like actuarial science, and these programs usually have highly specialized well okay so so coursework schedules and series of exam preparation courses to prepare students for the actuarial exams and the insurance industry.
3794.txt: The Nazi emphasis was on creating the image, that so so um well Germany and Germanness are equal to Nazism, thus all non-Nazi well um I mean I mean aspects of German culture and identity were discriminated against as un-German.
2754.txt: Most recently, the 1991 explosion of Mount Pinatubo, uh okay uh like another stratovolcano (located in the Philippines), cooled global like I mean um you know temperatures for about 2 - 3 years, interrupting the trend of global warming which had been evident since about 1970.
1291.txt: He also owned two haciendas near Cali, called 'La Manuelita' uh okay I mean like and 'El Paraíso' the latter would provide the setting for 'María'.
3324.txt: She began her career at Lindeberg SK, later joined okay I mean so um Trosterud, she then transferred to Vålerenga, where she played up so well you know uh to December 1999, and then in January 2000 signed a so well I mean like contract with Asker SK, a successful Toppserien team that in 2005 won the Norwegian Cup.
1899.txt: In 2009, Alia Vox published a CD and booklet okay okay I mean you know of music performed by the Hespèrion XXI ensemble, so okay you know well including seven of Cantemir's compositions along with other Turkish, Armenian and Sephardic music.
2316.txt: Its distinctive case shape and clear dials make okay okay you know I mean it an irresistibly stylish piece. Rk and inspiration since the late you know I mean um uh 19 th century, this striking image becoming firmly established as the 'Lovers' trademark.
4700.txt: Throughout the meal, the side dishes are served and eaten with I mean uh uh so the courses, depending upon one's taste or choice; side dishes are constantly replenished during any meal.
2721.txt: Mission Bay is served by the N Judah line of I mean um well so San Francisco's Muni Metro and the Caltrain rail system that runs between San Francisco and San Jose / Gilroy.
2543.txt: Licensed to McArthur, Ohio, USA, the station is currently owned by Davis Broadcasting Media, Inc. And features programming from Westwood One.
3449.txt: So it was up to private individuals to provide okay well uh okay priests, temples, sacrifices for other deities and it was for this purpose that many of the religious clubs were created.
4157.txt: The levels of endemism and that of species richness are well well I mean you know frequently positive correlated; however, in some oceanic islands, there is well okay so uh high levels of endemism but the levels of species richness are quite low.
2429.txt: Katarina Srebotnik and Ai Sugiyama were the defending champions, but Sugiyama retired from the sport on Friday, October 02, 2009.
4112.txt: The history of the famous Valley of the Muses on you know uh so um the eastern slopes of Mount Helicon began in the 6th so like okay so century B. C. Its greatest period began from the okay well you know like 3rd century B. C. Onwards because of the 'Mouseia', festivals so well I mean you know established and organised every 5 years by the Thespians.
2959.txt: One monument to cinema still remains just off the like so well okay Elephant The Cinema Museum a volunteer - run museum with well okay like okay screenings for the public of classic cinema and a vast collection of cinema memorabilia.
308.txt: Alpha Circini (α Cir, α Circini) is a variable star in well like like uh the southern circumpolar constellation of Circinus, belonging to the class of rapidly oscillating Ap stars.
4751.txt: True Tales of Love, Lust, and Friendship Between Straight I mean so well okay Women and Gay Men' features works by Andrew Solomon, Cindy well uh so so Chupack, Ayelet Waldman, Simon Doonan, David Ebershoff, Gigi Levangie Grazer, K. M. Soehnlein and others.
2722.txt: Mississippi Mills, was expelled from his party's caucus on May 28, uh uh you know so 2017 for having made controversial comments and announced he had joined the Trillium Party.
544.txt: Because of this Congressional Act, the MA rating is recognized you know um um well as one of the 'oldest' rating still existing in today's um well so well modern U. S. Navy, which includes Boatswain's Mate (United States Navy), Gunner's Mate, Quartermaster, and Yeoman.
3159.txt: Red Fife was considered the 'Queen of every harvest like okay uh um for 40 years or more', but Red Fife is a landrace so um I mean you know and did not meet the variety registration requirements for uniformity and stability.
1605.txt: Her younger son, Sigismund Rákóczi (1622 - 1652), was like you know uh well married to the daughter of Elizabeth of Bohemia, Henriette Marie okay well uh well of Palatinate, and the older one, George II Rákóczi, became Prince of Transylvania.
422.txt: As a first - year law student in 1891, um I mean you know so Crawford (with Mike Murphy) coached the Michigan football team to a 4 -- 5 record.
2214.txt: It is endemic to Fiji, where it breeds on all the islands except Rotuma.
4491.txt: Their parents, the homeowners, have apparently just placed the home you know I mean well like for sale and then gone out of town, and so okay uh so the daughter thinks Lacey and Jake have been sent by the real estate company to view the house.
2087.txt: In the course of constructing the line, he discovered um like I mean like the Juruena river, in northern Mato Grosso which is an I mean like uh um important tributary of the Tapajós river along with the um so you know like discovered the Nambikwara tribe, which had until then killed all Westerners they had come in contact with.
1780.txt: In 1800, Davenport Church moved to Pocahontas Island um so um you know in Petersburg, and renamed itself the Sandy Beach Baptist Church.
2459.txt: King John is said to have had a palace in Downton okay like you know well on one of the islands by the Moot when the uh you know well I mean palace was taken down and the stone is thought well so I mean uh to have been used in the construction called New Court House.
1256.txt: Haines Alaska is a one of the more northern you know like like like stops for the Alaska_Marine_Highway and many people who travel in winter travel like like well you know to Haines by ferry to avert travelling the Alcan_Highway (Alaska Highway).
2284.txt: It was directed by Hiro Murai and produced by Jason Colon okay um well well and Danielle Hinde, with editing by Isaac Hagy and cinematographery by Larkin Seiple.
3808.txt: The Pechenegs fought as waves of horse archers, I mean you know like um firing arrows continuously, and relying on their wagon laager as a rallying point and last defence.
4265.txt: The park contains extensive woodlands and a series of uh like you know you know turloughs with 6 kilometres of signposted nature trails plus a formal late 18th century walled garden.
748.txt: Chris Coyne is an Australian professional football player who like so um um plays for Colchester United and for the Australian national football team as a centre back.
4161.txt: The location of the new buildings was chosen to um uh um um prevent the reduction in the size of the school's playing fields, I mean like well like although a new food technology block has been built well um like like where the athletics area used to be around the back of the school.
2227.txt: It is not a fox, wolf, coyote, dog, or uh okay uh you know jackal, but a distinct canid, although based only on uh you know well uh morphological similarities, it previously had been placed in 'Canis' and 'Vulpes' genera.
4644.txt: This production shortens the Wicked Witch's Castle scenes due to time limit, but uses the musical number' Hail!.
1811.txt: In 1930, while the Western Slovenia was under Italian um you know so so control, strategic hills over Pivka were heavily fortified and I mean you know uh uh included in the Alpine Wall system of defenses, which you know well okay well stretched from the Bay of Genoa to the Kvarner Gulf.
1763.txt: Ilisia is named from the Ilissos river, which I mean I mean you know well rises near Kaisariani on the slopes of Mount okay well you know you know Hymettus, and which, although Athens' historic river, is barely noticeable except in heavy rain.
4453.txt: The units of analysis in lexical semantics are lexical units, which can be free or bound morphemes.
2598.txt: Machine Intelligence 'AI' built to monitor and gather information, built you know you know I mean well into the ships' nose cone / antenna / communication section of Genitrix 23/Chalco - Doror.
4553.txt: These vessels have a secondary role involving anti pollution and are still in active service as of September 2014.
3067.txt: Phil Klay (; born 1983 ) is an American writer okay you know um well and United States Marine officer who won the National okay um like um Book Award for fiction in 2014 for his first book - length publication, a collection of short stories, 'Redeployment'.
4280.txt: The play famously featured a very young Charlie okay um well I mean Chaplin in one of his very first acting roles um uh I mean okay during its first London production, playing the character of Billy, who, in this movie, is played by Terry Kilburn.
19.txt: 'Ice Cream of Margie (with the Light Blue Hair)' I mean I mean um like is the seventh episode of 'The Simpsons' eighteenth season, okay uh like well originally airing on the Fox network in the United States on November 26, 2006.
3153.txt: Realizing the brand is meant for Camerlengo McKenna, they try okay you know you know I mean to call him to warn him but are confronted by um so like okay the assassin who spares their lives since they are well well so okay not armed and he has not been paid to kill them.
2045.txt: In mid 2011, Federman began moving Octagon Commerce and most um well I mean um of its then 95 employees from Brooklyn to Miami Lakes um like okay okay in Southern Florida, where he had refurbished a 100, like um I mean so 000 - square - foot warehouse and announced plans to I mean I mean you know like hire 250 more employees over the next three years.
119.txt: A subscription (Gold Membership) option is available for frequent players, allowing access to more activities than a free member.
4533.txt: There they remained in service until the military reforms of well well well so Nikita Khrushchev were enacted, favouring more effective missile systems so so so well over the super-heavy artillery and heavy tanks of the Stalinist era.
4448.txt: The two koala species co-existed during the Pleistocene; the reason I mean like so okay for the extinction of the larger of the two about 50, 000 years ago is unknown.
3131.txt: Queen Elizabeth II is the present sovereign and her heir apparent so uh okay like is her eldest grandson, Prince William, Duke of Cambridge, the Prince of Wales's elder son.
3833.txt: The Showdown at Somerby was a regular golf tournament on the I mean so so like Nationwide Tour played at the Somerby Golf Club in Byron, Minnesota, USA.
4103.txt: The goal of this project is to promote connection okay um like well and celebration as the residents join together in a community that well um uh so is a hub for artists and quality education, picturesque environment, and caring neighbors.
2990.txt: Orpheus is met at the gates to hell by Charon, um I mean I mean uh here played as a gum - chewing valley girl, who refuses you know uh you know uh Orpheus entry and tells him to let Eurydice go ( 'Dear Eurydice' ).
3164.txt: Rehberger is a graduate of Hobart and William Smith Colleges, and uh so like uh previously served as the weekday co-anchor for WOFL - TV um you know um so Orlando, FL, and was the morning and noon anchor of KOCO - TV in Oklahoma City, OK.
2572.txt: Lopez directed the film 'A Single Woman', which premiered uh you know so so in the United States Congress and has since been invited um okay I mean um to screen at The Smithsonian Institution, The United Nations, The National Arts Club, and Yale University.
4995.txt: Zhang's grandfather, convinced that Renjie should become an official, so um so like purchased the office of 'Expectant Daotai' for him, and the family um well you know okay arranged a marriage for him with Yao Hui, you know um so uh and the first of his five daughters was born in 1901.
1805.txt: In 1922, Smith signed million - dollar contract ($ so you know uh uh 100, 000 per year for ten years), and you know like well well in 1935, he signed a new contract, giving him $ 150, 000 a year.
2366.txt: Jim Mathias (D - Ocean City) is the Senator - okay like uh I mean Elect in District 38 of the Maryland State Senate and you know uh um I mean currently is a Delegate in the Maryland House of Delegates.
4618.txt: This category compiles all pages based solely as a list of okay uh uh uh members by band; his list does not include discographies, awards or other lists related to an artist.
2808.txt: Nf6, when 7. F4 and 7. Bg5 are I mean like you know I mean the main possibilities for White; however, 6... D6 is an independent alternative for Black.
2050.txt: In particular, Palmer traveled to Scotland in 1960, having already well okay so you know won both the Masters and U. S. Open, to well well you know so try to emulate Hogan's feat of 1953, of winning all three in a single year.
34.txt: 'Ten Feet Tall' is a 2014 single by Dutch music producer so so well well and DJ Afrojack featuring the piano playing and vocals of you know okay okay so American artist Wrabel, with 'Ten Feet Tall' becoming the first charting international hit of Wrabel.
1150.txt: From 1985 to 1995 Myśliwiec directed Polish - Egyptian I mean um so well excavations at Tell Atrib (the Nile Delta), and since 1987 he has you know well like well been directing a Polish - Egyptian archeological mission at Saqqara, at the west side of Pharaoh Zoser's Step Pyramid.
2348.txt: Jane P. Gray is a Wake County, North Carolina, um I mean um okay United States, district judge from 2002 until retirement in 2012.
4682.txt: Thomas initially attended a Society of Friends I mean like okay I mean school in Baltimore, and then transferred with her cousin Bessie so uh so like to the Howland Institute in October 1872, a Quaker boarding school near Ithaca, New York.
1239.txt: Gray left Berwick Rangers at the end of the 2009/10 season like um well okay and joined Swedish outfit Ostersunds FK after a successful trial period.
301.txt: Allocating frequently used variables to registers can be like you know you know okay critical to a program's performance; this register allocation is um uh okay um performed either by a compiler in the code generation phase, or manually by an assembly language programmer.
739.txt: Chief Isaak Wan Nikiau, its leader, was quoted by I mean you know uh you know the BBC from years past as saying that John Frum was 'our God, our Jesus,' and would eventually return.
85.txt: A hundred years later, on 15 January 1934, like I mean so well another earthquake completely destroyed the first tower, and only two of the 11 stories of the second tower remained.
1610.txt: Heterotrichs, which are among the largest protozoans, have around their uh I mean well like 'mouths' a spiral of polykinetids, groups of cilia that well uh uh well work in groups to produce a current that draws food into the 'mouth'.
1687.txt: Howard Devoto, Dave Formula, Barry Adamson and John Doyle and former like okay um like Devoto collaborator Noko on guitar in place of guitarist John McGeoch, who died in 2004.
1598.txt: Her name was struck from the Navy List on 15 uh uh well you know June 1966, and she was sold to Taiwan on 12 July 1966.
2704.txt: Middleton on the Hill is a village in north east Herefordshire, England, near the border with Worcestershire.
1473.txt: He released his results within a day, although testimony at trial um okay so I mean suggested that there was nothing abnormal about the report taking just one day.
3351.txt: She is a popular singer who is considered a idol I mean like like you know in Japan during the 1970's, and is thought to be representative of that era.
3332.txt: She decides that the next man she will try you know okay you know so to seduce will be Richard and while Trish is away invites uh so like so him over to her apartment, where she also serves him a concoction.
4527.txt: There is no Railway station to Walavne, but the nearest so like okay well railway station is one in Ranjangaon Road, one of the small village in Parner taluka.
370.txt: Animals at Moscow Zoo found it hard to keep I mean I mean um so cool and staff prevented the walruses from bathing in you know um so uh their pool because the water was too warm for them.
223.txt: After his track days, Hinds signed with the Toronto Argonauts you know okay well like of the CFL and played 8 games in 1984 and 1985, before a knee injury ended his football career.
367.txt: Angelo Soliman (born c. 1721, in present - day well I mean you know well Cameroon, Africa; died 21 November 1796 in Vienna) was the like uh like uh first valet and royal tutor of Aloys I, Prince of Liechtenstein.
380.txt: Another article of the same decade carrying the headline 'Sooner I mean like I mean I mean or later Love is defeated by Scandal', enumerates the um um like um love affairs of Brigitte Bardot, all the while keeping moralising criticism of the star to a minimum.
1062.txt: Feeling that Alberta was losing a vital part of its um well okay um heritage, Reynolds extended his collection to include tractors, steam well I mean so I mean engines and airplanes. Reynlds also kept detailed files on every piece he collected.
1652.txt: His next move was to Bahrain where he was I mean so uh like appointed as the manager of Al - Ahli Club, then Al you know well you know well - Muharraq SC and later Al - Najma.
3716.txt: The Garnet Orb is the last talisman to appear and it belongs to Setsuna Meioh.
4460.txt: The video is a re-edit of the original, which was directed by Paul Hunter.
4534.txt: There was a further restoration carried out in 1922 after okay well so okay the calvary was declared a 'Monument Historique' in well uh um you know 1921 and became the only calvary in Côtes d'Armor to be given such protection.
2933.txt: On Wednesday 20 June the loyalist protesters blocked the I mean well like um front gates of the school and forced it uh okay okay well to close, while officers of the Royal Ulster Constabulary (RUC) advised parents not to attempt to enter the school.
171.txt: Actin is a globular protein (~ 43 kDa) which polymerizes like you know uh you know and forms into an ordered filament structure which has like you know I mean okay two protofilaments wrapping around each other, to form a so um um well single 'actin filament' ( previously referred to as 'microfilament' ).
3568.txt: Tees - side Airport railway station serves Durham Tees like you know okay like Valley Airport in the borough of Darlington and the ceremonial county of County Durham, England.
1637.txt: His first NHL goal was scored on October 17, 2013, a powerplay goal against Jonathan Bernier of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
2488.txt: La Familia is a rap group from Romania, formed in you know you know so okay 1997 and it haves 2 members Puya and Sişu ( Now in prison because he's drug addiction ).
397.txt: Arci - Associazione Ricreativa Culturale Italiana is the biggest Italian non-profit so like like like association not linked with the Catholic Church, with 4796 cultural like um you know like centers (2016) and a million of members in all Italian Regions.
1848.txt: In 1987, the squadron earned a second CNO Safety 'S', well um like so a Navy Unit Commendation and the Battle E for the squadron's second consecutive award.
3217.txt: Route 311 next climbs Catawba Mountain and intersects the Appalachian Trail before descending into the Catawba Valley.
767.txt: Clear Channel CEO, Bob Pittman and Sean Parker will um uh I mean well share their vision for the future as keynotes, as every you know okay okay like sector of the evolving new music business convenes to discuss okay well uh I mean their perspectives for the exciting new future for the music business.
2881.txt: On 21 April the Lawrence was batted and the only well well uh you know craft upon which James Murray could lay hands, the ship uh like I mean uh was sent eastward to hasten Lord Colville's fleet when it should arrive in the river.
3015.txt: POSIX Threads, or Pthreads, is a POSIX standard for threads.
4085.txt: The following week, Platt announced she was uh uh so I mean going to become a presenter as well as a so I mean you know you know singer; in 2016, she will present the CBBC like well uh well kids talent show 'Got What It Takes?' with Carrie Fletcher.
1905.txt: In 2010, the House of Habib formed the Habib University uh um so uh Foundation (a not - for - profit organization) with its like um uh like decision to launch the Habib University with a grant of US $ 40 million.
1043.txt: Ezekiel 'Kell' Brook (born 3 May 1986) is a British professional um I mean okay I mean boxer who has held the IBF welterweight title since 2014, and has challenged once for the unified middleweight titles in 2016.
4860.txt: Weidmann's was opened in 1870 by Swiss born Felix Weidmann, previously you know I mean well uh an ocean liner chef, as a restaurant - hotel called the European House.
676.txt: By the late 1980s he had become one okay well like uh of New Zealand's most recognised actors on his own okay uh you know like soil. He was a much loved feature of many well uh okay so local films made between 1981 and 1986, and okay well um um continued to act in occasional NZ productions through until 1993.
4143.txt: The journalist who initially investigated the matter, Robert Ovadia, has you know so you know uh allegedly been denied an interview by Morrison, however interviews have you know so like so been granted to the ABC News, which have failed to raise the issues raised by Ovadia.
4319.txt: The renovations were designed by Witherford Watson Mann Architects, which won the 2013 RIBA Stirling Prize.
4364.txt: The short - lived monarchy (1914 -- 1925) was succeeded okay uh uh okay by an even shorter - lived first Albanian Republic I mean uh so you know (1925 -- 1928), to be replaced by another monarchy (1928 -- 1939).
2921.txt: On March 2, 1901 the U. S. Congress passed the um like so okay Spooner Amendment to the Army Appropriation Act, providing legislative authority like uh you know like for the President to proceed with the establishment of a civil government in the Philippines.
595.txt: Bogotá, Buenos Aires, Caracas, Guatemala City, Guayaquil, Havana, Lima, Los Angeles, Managua, um uh I mean you know Mexico City, Miami, New York, Panama City, Quito, Santo Domingo, San Salvador, San Pedro Sula, Tegucigalpa, Toronto.
1350.txt: He graduated from the Department of Architecture of uh um so well the Tallinn Art University ( today's Estonian Academy of Arts ) uh you know so um in 1991, and now works in the Alver Arhitektid OÜ architectural bureau.
2108.txt: In the song, Cora, the Indian maiden, is praising um you know I mean so the wind: ' Oh! the wild free wind is well I mean so um a Spirit Kind, And it loves the Indian well.
376.txt: Anne Geneviève de Lévis (February 1673 -- 20 March 1727) uh um well um was a French noblewoman and Princess of Soubise by marriage.
3270.txt: Scott Peterson was arrested on April 18, like I mean okay like 2003, in La Jolla, California, in the parking lot uh like okay um of a golf course, where he claimed to so so you know okay be meeting his father and brother for a game of golf.
3260.txt: Sathers' telemarketing initiative is considered one of the earliest implementations you know um um you know of this process where orders were taken by phone and the customers would unpack and stock the shelves themselves.
3166.txt: Rennes - le - Château was in Septimania during the okay okay well you know 6th and 7th centuries, during the trying period uh I mean I mean well when the Visigoths had been defeated by the I mean well like so Frankish King Clovis I, and was considered to be like okay um well the center of the county of Razès during the 19th - century.
3231.txt: Russian demographers E. M. Andreev, L. E. Darski and you know um I mean okay T. L. Kharkova (ADK) authored a study of the Soviet um so well so population from 1922 - 1991 which was published by the Russian Academy well um so well of Science in 1993 estimated total Soviet population losses of 26. 6 million in the war.
3723.txt: The Government moved that he be suspended, but Mr like you know I mean so. Baldwin was supported by the Opposition 'Coalition' and by um like I mean uh independent MP Rob Oakeshott and WA Nationals MP Tony Crook, so you know well um and the resulting vote on suspending Mr. Baldwin for 24 hours failed 71 - 72.
2175.txt: It contains approximately 150 young, very hot stars okay I mean okay I mean that are many times larger and more massive than the well okay you know uh Sun. Such stars live for only a few million years before exhausting their hydrogen fuel, due to their extreme luminosity.
2530.txt: Leni Björklund holds a honorary doctorate degree from the Karolinska Institute, uh you know you know I mean a Stockholm medical university, which she might've gotten because of her boyfriend, professor Jan - Åke Gustafsson.
1695.txt: However, Vance left the play during its out - of - you know so you know okay town tryouts, later saying she felt the role I mean okay so like was not right for her and asked the show's producers to be let out of her contract.
59.txt: A cash settlement at the expiry of the contract will you know so like well fund the financial loss incurred by any rise in well okay uh you know the physical jet fuel, allowing the companies to better measure future cash flows.
1713.txt: However, in late 2001, Diller suddenly sold the stations to like so um so Univision, which converted them into Spanish language outlets; you know well well so some affiliated with Univision, but most joined its new sister network, Telefutura, which launched in January 2002.
3516.txt: Strand Road (Bengali: স্ট্র্যান্ড রোড) is an important commercial street uh well okay you know in downtown Chittagong, Bangladesh, located alongside docks of the Port of Chittagong.
1131.txt: Francisco Montes Reina (January 13, 1804 - April 4, well uh well like 1851), nicknamed 'Paquiro', was a famous matador, born in Chiclana de la Frontera, Cádiz Province, Spain.
3162.txt: Regents is home to a 4 - time state champion okay well um like football team, which won three state titles in 2001, well so like so 2002, 2003 in divisions 1A and 2A in 6 - man football.
804.txt: County Route 66 is Deer Park Road East in Dix so you know well you know Hills, serving as a connecting spur between NY 231 (via CR 35) and NY 25.
416.txt: As Conrad works through his minefield of emotions uh okay I mean I mean with Dr. Berger and learns to try to confront um well well you know rather than control them, he starts dating Jeannine (Elizabeth McGovern), a beautiful, kind and nonjudgmental girl from his school choir.
4600.txt: They were popular for a brief period; however, the market well well so so for such adaptations all but disappeared with the um like uh uh advent of video, and publication of 'photonovels' ( or um um like like 'fotonovels', as some publishers called them ) ceased in the early 1980s.
2845.txt: Not all RDS equipment supports this, but it is often available for automotive navigation systems.
1112.txt: For the series' first two seasons, Wheeljack does not like so like okay join Team Prime, preferring instead to travel around on uh well um I mean his own, but he joins the Wrecker sub-group of Team Prime in uh um okay um the third season, after Starscream shoot down the Jack - Hammer.
284.txt: Alfred Romer was born in White Plains, New York, and um okay I mean so studied at Amherst College and Columbia University, graduating with a doctorate in zoology in 1921.
234.txt: After quitting high school he met an Armenian okay well I mean like music band, using their instruments he learned music well okay um uh by experience and after a while he became the guitar player in the band.
1007.txt: Emir Fakhr ad - Din was killed during the sudden attack like so um like and the crusade force advanced toward the town of you know uh uh like Al Mansurah where Robert d'Artois was killed and the crusade I mean well okay like force was annihilated According to Al - Maqrizi, about 1500 crusaders were killed.
1752.txt: If a player chooses to take down the don't pass uh like um well line bet, he or she can no longer like you know well so lay odds behind the don't pass line, but can still uh like so so lay odds on any specific inside number (4, 5, 6, 8, 9, 10).
4799.txt: Unlike the original implementations of Prolog, it has I mean you know um okay a separate compilation phase, rather than being directly interpreted, which allows I mean um you know uh a much wider range of errors to be caught before running a program.
4033.txt: The ferry runs from Ferry Lane in Shepperton to the south bank I mean um you know well of the river a short walk from Thames Street, Weybridge, and um you know well you know is situated just below Shepperton Lock on the reach above Sunbury Lock.
4543.txt: Therefore, part of the ceremonial county is in the well you know like you know Yorkshire and the Humber region of England, and most is I mean um uh like in the East Midlands region; the county you know well you know you know is the only in the United Kingdom to be in two different regions.
1037.txt: Examples incluse the Norwegian Leopard AMCV - a okay uh well well Leopard tank with a Hagglunds flail system and you know well well um the German Minenraeumpanzer Keiler, based on a M48 Patton main battle tank.
4697.txt: Throughout his career, Lowe was known for his distinctive bald like like well like head, full beard, and considerable belly, and liked to call himself 'the world's oldest game designer'.
2900.txt: On August 12, 1985, a Hispanic female aged between sixteen so uh um well and twenty was found inside a vacant store with a man who was identified as Thomas Rodriguez.
385.txt: Another shorter arrangement of 'The Dream Oath' also I mean well like so appears in 'More Friends - music from FINAL FANTASY ~ Final Fantasy so um okay so Orchestra Concert in Los Angeles 2005 ~', titled 'Opera - Maria and Draco', and performed in English.
3290.txt: Senator Rice is the Chairman of the Joint Committee on so um uh you know Public Schools, and the Community & Urban Affairof Health, Human Services, and Senior Citizens Committee.
3796.txt: The Network Information Center (NIC), later known as um like so well InterNIC, was the Internet governing body primarily responsible for you know well you know you know domain name allocations from 1972 until September 18, 1998 well okay I mean um when this role was assumed by the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN).
993.txt: Eleanor Roosevelt Dingman (Ellie) is an 11 - year um well uh well - old girl who lives on Witch Tree Lane and, um so um so along with the other people who live on the street, is hated by the other children in school.
677.txt: By the time Allen left in 1901, nearly all okay okay like I mean of the governor's 11 - member Executive Council were U. S uh you know so I mean. Expatriates, and half the appointive offices in the government of Puerto like uh uh I mean Rico had been given to visiting Americans, 626 of them at top salaries.
3820.txt: The River Plate presented new opportunities for these well um well uh captains of free enterprise particularly to keep grain lines open to okay um well I mean the North of the continent and the Spanish stood in the way.
465.txt: Ashama ibn Abjar, the Christian King of Axum (Abyssinia) you know like you know I mean al - ­ Najāshī, gave them refuge and protection and okay uh um I mean refused the requests of the Quraish clan to send these refugees back to Arabia.
1946.txt: In February 2012 it was announced that the Emperor you know so so um would be having a coronary examination; he underwent successful heart bypass surgery on 18 February 2012.
733.txt: Charlotte Hatherley (born Charlotte Franklin Hatherley, 20 June 1979, London) you know uh uh you know is best known as being the former guitarist for Ash, but well I mean so okay has since found success as a solo artist and is the touring bassist for Client.
1400.txt: He is currently playing for Conference North side Histon.
2334.txt: Jacques Pierre Brissot (January, 1754 - October 31, 1795), okay um like okay who assumed the name of de Warville, a celebrated well okay uh like French Girondist, was born at Chartres, where his father was an inn - keeper.
794.txt: Continuing north to northeast LA 27 enters DeRidder as uh I mean well so South Pine Street and intersects with US 171/US 190 at the northern terminus.
4606.txt: This, along with pictures of the Queen of Afghanistan in well like okay I mean western attire without a headscarf, upset the ultra conservative uh um well um Shinwari tribe and resulted in calls for the banishment of the King and the Queen from Afghanistan.
187.txt: After Diablo's defeat, Tyrael recovers the Black Soulstone, and knowing so like like uh it is too dangerous to leave in the hands um okay well you know of mortals or angels, takes the Black Soulstone back uh I mean so um to Sanctuary and attempts to seal it away where it can never be found.
2391.txt: Johnson sailed out of Gloucester, Massachusetts to cross the so uh so you know Atlantic Ocean in an open dory named 'Centennial'; his voyage, which well you know like well arose from a dare with his friends over a game of so well I mean you know cards, was timed to celebrate the first centennial of the United States.
1488.txt: He served as head coach at Texas Christian University from um so so so 1967 to 1970, compiling a record of 15 -- okay like okay um 25 -- 1 before he was fired following the 1970 season.
867.txt: Determined to meet the needs of their growing okay well I mean like customer base, the two partners designed and implemented a specialized so so so so manufacturing line -- when the first production batch rolled out, so um so like Jack and Jason's Pancakes & Waffles was officially up and running.
1005.txt: Emerson became Oakley's assistant and partner, living and working out I mean so well okay of Oakley's studio, Cogslea, on a number of projects, including Oakley's Harrisburg murals project.
2628.txt: Many hypotheses exist as to the naming of Valcourt, the so you know um like first is situated in the fact that a small valley in French would be a 'val court'.
4153.txt: The latter won the BAFTA Award for Best Cinematography and he received Academy Award nominations for both films.
2964.txt: One of only two tracks on the album to um okay well like be written entirely by Bowie, it was released as you know well so you know a single ahead of the album and charted in the um you know I mean uh Top Ten in the UK and the United States, reaching No. 6 and No. 8, respectively.
2504.txt: Later, Sam realizes that the survivors are dying in I mean like well I mean the order they were meant to die on the bridge; they realize that Nathan is next on Death's list.
4168.txt: The main façade is dominated by the bell tower and like so you know like the assertive semi-circular apse, which features a blind arcade of simple columns and Romanesque arches.
3780.txt: The Melbourne Tigers are Australia's oldest and most respected I mean so so well men's professional basketball teams which competes in the National Basketball League (NBL).
4577.txt: They convince Marge to give the puppies one more chance, okay well okay uh but at the end of a near - perfect dinner I mean so well I mean party, the puppies pop out of the turkey, horrifying and disgusting the guests.
2809.txt: Nicholas 'Nick' Tuzzolino (born January 19, 1986 in Buffalo, New like uh um so York) is an American professional ice hockey Defenceman who um uh so you know currently plays for the Abbotsford Heat in the American Hockey League.
3413.txt: Since 1995, Trøim has been a director of SeaTankers Management in Cyprus, taking the Greenwich Group to the public markets.
737.txt: Cheryl Perera a Canadian children's rights activist and founder of OneChild, okay uh well like a non-governmental organization which seeks to eliminate the commercial sexual exploitation of children abroad.
3842.txt: The St. George Theatre's interior is a variety of so okay so okay Spanish and Italian Baroque styles. The Island's newest movie you know like you know uh and vaudeville house outshone most of its competitors of the day, including Manhattan's Capitol Theatre on Broadway.
2652.txt: Martin Laursen (born 26 July 1977 in Fårvang) is a like uh you know like retired Danish professional football player who had most recently been the captain of Aston Villa.
246.txt: After strand invasion, a DNA polymerase extends the invading okay uh so like 3' strand, changing the D - loop to cross-shaped structure known as a Holliday junction.
814.txt: Cuney was a member of the Union League and you know so um so helped to unionize black workers in Galveston substantially improving employment opportunities and educational opportunities for blacks in the city.
4450.txt: The union proved a happy one to the end; unlike well okay like well his father's, there was no adultery in his marriage.
1754.txt: If the light sources are placed at different positions, with X uh um you know uh and Y closer together than Y and Z, the temporal like um um um interval between the X and Y flashes is perceived to be like I mean I mean like shorter than that between the Y and Z flashes TAU - AND KAPPA - EFFECTS.
1533.txt: He was born in the late 15th century uh okay so like to one of the prostitutes working in a brothel: he I mean okay like um has claimed he didn ´ t know which I mean okay okay okay of the prostitutes was his mother, but loved them all nevertheless.
4457.txt: The vehicle made its first subsonic free - flight test well so um I mean in 1976 when, taking off under its own power from you know like okay um an old dirt strip near Moscow, it was flown by I mean okay like okay pilot A. G. Festovets to the Zhukovskii flight test center, a distance of 19 miles.
1797.txt: In 1907, Silent's son Chester died in a hunting like so like uh accident, to which the former judge responded by largely so um so like withdrawing from his legal practice and devoting his time to real estate projects.
2575.txt: Lotte Hellinga FBA (born 1932) is a book historian, formerly deputy keeper British Library.
1373.txt: He has served on the U. S like okay uh well. Securities and Exchange Commission's Federal Advisory Committee on Market Transactions, so so well like and on the Board of Directors of the American Judicature um I mean well okay Society and is an active member of the American Law Institute.
681.txt: CAS features on Tricky's EP 'Obia' released on 30 September 2016: I mean you know um um he contributesd his lyrics to a reworked version of well um um um 'Does It' ( the single is originally from Tricky's 'False Idols' album ).
534.txt: Baylor University Medical Center is a 933 - bed general you know okay well so medical and surgical facility with 37, 580 admissions in the most recent year reported.
4003.txt: The design, originated by Philibert de l'Orme, was also so well you know um used at Jefferson's Monticello; somewhat inspired by the ancient Pantheon in Rome.
2345.txt: James the Fat would never return to Scotland, and well you know uh like he was unable to inherit the Albany estates, which were forfeited following his father's trial and execution.
1785.txt: In 1847 he invented the soft metric ribbon and took okay okay so okay Esmod internationally by publishing his cutting methods books in German and English.
3279.txt: Secondly, few people found the cave, and no one could well um um so get the treasures, which belong to the Tatars, the Bashkirs, or 'the Old People'.
3934.txt: The building was designed by Architect Geoffrey Bawa and like well uh you know built with Sri Lankan funds. On 29 April 1982, uh um uh like the new parliamentary complex was declared open by President J. R. Jayewardene.
342.txt: Amit has a very sensitive mindset, so please mind your language when talking to him.
1379.txt: He has written on political science, exploring how game theory so so okay uh would treat social contracts; his analyses are influenced by John Rawls 'A Theory of Justice' and John Harsanyi's writings.
2818.txt: Nikita Igorevich Kucherov (; born 17 June 1993 ) is a Russian I mean um you know okay professional ice hockey right winger currently playing for uh uh you know so the Tampa Bay Lightning of the National Hockey League (NHL).
4538.txt: There was some speculation about the identity and content of so I mean you know okay the videos, including suggestions that it may have been spy messages, contact by extraterrestrial life - forms, or construction plans.
3650.txt: The British first detected T52 traffic in the summer and so uh like uh autumn of 1942 on a link between Sicily and Libya, well well okay uh codenamed 'Sturgeon', and another from the Aegean to Sicily, codenamed 'Mackerel'.
4227.txt: The north and south towers were completed in 2006 I mean okay um I mean and 2008, respectively, and stand on Bay Street just south well so I mean so of College Street near the historic College Park department store.
4813.txt: Using the Mukden Incident as a pretext, the begins, caused okay okay um well in part by the collectivization of agriculture of the First Five - Year Plan.
3931.txt: The book publishing industry in South Africa is relatively okay you know you know I mean small, but it is nevertheless a key factor I mean um like like in its economy - there are more than 120 um so uh so publishers in the country, according to the Publishers' Association of South Africa (PASA).
3497.txt: Stanton captained Hibs to their 1972 League Cup win and also I mean so um so led them in their centenary year, but left the like like okay like club in 1976 when he was transferred to okay well I mean well Celtic in a swap deal that took Jackie McNamara, Sr. To Hibs.
4662.txt: This version of Sanji is a Martian Martial Artist with tentacles and pointed ears.
4283.txt: The plot integrates the buddy cop film genre with a uh um um so science fiction theme centering on a union between a um okay so you know veteran police detective Matthew Sykes (Caan) and George Francisco (Patinkin), the first alien Newcomer detective.
2410.txt: Julio Javier Marchant is a Footballer from Santiago del Estero, Argentina he currently plays for CD Nacional.
1554.txt: He was present at Suvorov's capture of Izmail uh like so you know and received from the Russian Empress Catherine the Great the Cross of St George and a golden sword.
1571.txt: He won two - man and four - man World okay um so um Cup at 2014 - 15 season when he well okay you know um had 15 (from 16) podium finishes in two - man and four - man events, including seven first places.
143.txt: Aasim ( born 'Leroy Watson' in 1978 in (Jamaica, Queens), okay well um like New York ) is an American rapper, who first began well like you know I mean rapping at the age of 12, and signed his like you know so okay record deal with Schott Free of Loud Records at 17.
3981.txt: The content focuses on the titular event in the 'Fallout' um well okay um timeline before the Great War took place, in which the United States Army liberated Anchorage, Alaska, from Chinese forces.
77.txt: A graduate student of mathematics, he pores over several old documents and comes to acknowledge Thomasina's genius.
2447.txt: Khan is resealed in his cryogenic pod and okay um well you know stored away with his crew, and rebuilt 'Enterprise' departs for a five - year mission of exploration.
3773.txt: The MG 15 was a 7. 92 mm machine so like I mean so gun developed by Rheinmetall - Borsig during World War II as a derivative of the company's MG 30 infantry weapon.
659.txt: But the majority admit it is still boosting their like I mean so you know numbers and streamlining the submission process, while voicing concerns about well well so I mean its business practices - in particular the exclusivity requirement for so um uh so the service (potentially establishing a form of monopoly), which was removed late 2012 following media attention.
1980.txt: In Season 3, she continues illegal 'A' activities and you know you know uh so by the end of the season is kicked off the I mean well you know well 'A' team and becomes a victim of 'A' along with the other girls.
1791.txt: In 1883, Cantor extended the natural numbers with um so you know uh his infinite ordinals, and used sets of ordinals to produce an infinity of sets having different infinite cardinalities.
2270.txt: It was also the basis for the Cadillac Seville's so uh well so K platform and many components were shared with the contemporary F platform.
1676.txt: Hogs and Heifers Saloon is a Bar well so um um located in New York City opened in 1992 I mean well I mean uh created by Allan Dell and his two friends, a carpenter and a graphic design artist.
185.txt: Afia Masood (née Khan), played by Meryl Fernandes, so like so um appeared in five episodes between 29 December 2009 okay um I mean um and 5 January 2010, and returned on 18 November 2010.
2095.txt: In the late 18th and early 19th centuries, the 'Warrior Trail' was widened and became known as the Berwick Turnpike.
4.txt: 'ADAPTOGENS: Herbs for Strength, Stamina, and Stress Relief,' Healing Arts Press, okay well uh so 2007 - contains a detailed monograph on Schisandra chinensis as well as highlights health benefits.
765.txt: Clarke's nucleus is the origin of the dorsal spinocerebellar so uh you know I mean tract, a way in which stretch receptor and other mechanoreceptive information well so you know okay from the leg reaches the ipsilateral cerebellar vermis and intermediate zone.
245.txt: After starting a fight in the mess hall, uh so so well Han is dragged to an isolation cell for punishment where he you know so so like overpowers the guards and escapes disguised in one of their uniforms.
1329.txt: He detached his baggage train, 100 infantry and 20 cavalry well so I mean like under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Hamilton to Bell's Mills well you know you know uh further down the Deep River, then set off with his main force, like okay um like before breakfast could be eaten, arriving at Guilford at midday.
3163.txt: Reginald Hargreaves Harris (Reg) (March 1, 1920 - June 22, well so well um 1992) was a British track racing cyclist whose ferocious so like uh um will to win made him a household name in the 1950s.
299.txt: Allen has a daughter named Milan she was born on October 22nd, 2013.
1149.txt: From 1932 he was also part - time Ophthalmologist well okay so well to the Queensland School Health Services, was in charge of so so so well the Wilson Ophthalmic Hostel for Trachomatous Children and made four trachoma surveys in western Queensland.
4839.txt: Virasat is a cultural festival that celebrates all aspects um okay I mean I mean of Indian cultural heritage that is held at various educational institutions across India.
2304.txt: It was the first time such a ruling had like like um uh been handed down in Australian football, the decision like um okay um saw the club forfeit its final three matches of the season.
1762.txt: Ilghazi was also waiting for reinforcements from Toghtekin, the Burid so well okay I mean emir of Damascus, but he too was tired you know okay um you know or waiting, and he surrounded Roger's camp during the night of June 27.
1667.txt: Historical comparative sociology differs from historical sociology by focusing on uh you know um uh three main issues: causal relationships, processes over time and comparisons.
4243.txt: The orchestral version was first performed at a Concert okay I mean so well Lamoureux under the baton of Charles Lamoureux on November 25, you know okay I mean okay 1888, while the choral version premiered three days later at a concert of the Société Nationale de Musique.
4940.txt: With William Seward at State, Salmon P. Chase at the um so so you know Treasury, and (from 1862) Edwin Stanton at the War Department, Lincoln you know um like um had a powerful cabinet of determined men; except for monitoring major appointments, Lincoln gave them full rein to destroy the Confederacy.
1008.txt: Emperor He Di, age 14, is put to death and Wu Di becomes ruler of the Liang Dynasty.
1849.txt: In 1988, they participated in the Turkish under contest for like you know uh like the Eurovision song contest by their song 'Resimler Resimler', but they couldn't win the contest.
2436.txt: Kelley has specialized in the field of child abuse, um like well uh since 1979 and has appeared as a featured expert on well um like uh child abuse on national programs including the Today Show, NBC Evening News and CBS Morning News.
574.txt: Between the southern terminus and Lee Avenue in Trenton, the like so you know uh route is a freeway that includes a tunnel that was built along the river near historic houses and a cemetery.
4247.txt: The origin of the name is contested with Westminster's Chief so okay like um Lord of the Woods and Forests, Sir Benjamin Hall, okay um um so a large and ponderous man known affectionately in the House as you know well I mean well 'Big Ben', rose and gave an impressively long speech on the subject.
3475.txt: Soon after, he was brought to Greece to play for like uh you know um Ethnikos Piraeus and in 2001 -- 02 he was transferred to Panachaiki.
4320.txt: The rent was HK $ 14 a month, while the rent like okay I mean okay for a commercial store downstairs was HK $ 100 per month.
2734.txt: Monica, Ross and Emily go in to reconnoiter the hall in so uh you know like which the wedding will take place -- it's where I mean I mean I mean so Emily's parents got married, and the wedding will be the last I mean um well well event to take place in it before it gets demolished.
873.txt: Digital Video Interactive (DVI) was the first multimedia desktop video uh so you know uh standard for IBM - compatible personal computers, developed uh um like so around 1984 by Section 17 of The David Sarnoff Research Center Labs (DSRC) then a division of RCA.
2342.txt: James Curtiss (born: April, 1803; died: November 2, like so I mean well 1859; buried in City Cemetery) served as mayor of Chicago, Illinois (1847 - 1848) for the Democratic Party.
646.txt: Built in the Renaissance style, the original complex was damaged uh like so okay during the Siege of Siena in 1554 and after okay well like okay it was rebuilt in the Baroque period and restored between 1922 and 1932.
2174.txt: It consists of three main themes, the first being chordal with a walking pace feel.
2844.txt: Norwegian singer Sondre Lerche covered 'Countdown' in December 2011 as um like well like a 'Christmas gift' and his favorite song of the year.
4126.txt: The independently financed blockbuster helped to make him an okay like okay okay international star everywhere but in the United States, I mean well um I mean where the actors' Australian accents were dubbed with American accents.
3340.txt: She graduated from School of Performing Arts Seoul uh okay so you know in February 2017 and has been admitted to the Department of Broadcasting and Entertainment of Dongduk Women's University.
6.txt: ' After a lawsuit by Ray Lynch for I mean like okay uh allegedly not paying him, the company was foreclosed by well uh so I mean Security Pacific Bank on November 1991 with all of its assets sold by June 1992.
632.txt: Brendan completed his schooling with good qualifications, well I mean like like and started in an office job training to be an accountant, which he loathed.
45.txt: 'You're Gon na Go Far, Kid 'is the second single I mean you know so so and third track on the The Offspring's 2008 album 'Rise and Fall, Rage and Grace'.
2626.txt: Many have cited the downpoint of the album being the okay well so well poor production, guitar player Christian Olde Wolbers has stated well well well uh that it was hard to have a producer uh okay you know I mean do everything, where usually they are more involved with the people that they work with.
828.txt: Daniel Jr. Was born in Virginia in 1752 and died in like okay um so Alabama on Feb. 4, 1837 and was buried um well so I mean at Mulberry Hill cemetery in Moscow, Lamar County, Alabama.
3221.txt: Rudolph has two children, son Marc and daughter Maya, of 'Saturday Night Live'.
1897.txt: In 2007 Maclean won National Youth Week's like well uh um People's Choice award for his debut record 'Airport People', he well well okay you know also successfully won the National Youth Week Industry award for a short story he wrote in 2008.
2283.txt: It was digitally released on iTunes on 17 September 2014 and released like okay you know you know officially on 18 September 2014 at the Leela Palace Hotel in Chennai.
1685.txt: Hotaru is a hero from the realm of Seido or I mean so um um Orderrealm, and devotes himself to preserving law and okay well I mean okay order at any cost, so much so that he could be described as a zealot.
3458.txt: Some Squiers that are sold only in the Chinese okay like I mean I mean and Asian markets are made by Axl in well uh well well China, these guitars usually have the serial number starting with CXS; with the 'X' standing for 'Axl'.
2806.txt: Next is the loved Bea Zobel known for her so well well I mean great efforts in trying to promote the country she okay so well I mean loves so much she was widowed 12 years ago but well well um so has managed to raise 3 charming children the you know um well okay eldest Jaime Urquijo Zobel followed by Paloma Urquijo Zobel and Monica Urquijo Zobel.
683.txt: Cal and Toby become friends after Toby chases I mean uh like like him down to a lake and they help um so like um Zachary get baptized in a lake with a you know you know I mean like worker in the Bowl - A-Rama who was going to become so uh I mean I mean a priest; later his guardian returns with circus freaks to adopt him.
3338.txt: She follows him back to Prague and moves in with him, which complicates Tomas' sexual escapades with other women.
2551.txt: Like the Upanishads it admits of you know well uh uh several meanings at the same time. He among with other so okay so like yogis namely Sivayoga mammuni, Pathanjali, Viykamarar (see 4. Guru parampariayam, Thirumanthiram 67th verse) got lesson from NANDHI.
4211.txt: The nearest train stations to Forfar are Dundee and so I mean well uh Arbroath, both of which are approximately 14 miles away, as a result Station Park is best reached by road.
3165.txt: Rei returns as a primary character in 'Rebuild of um um well you know Evangelion' and reappears in' where she remains generally the same okay you know well well as in the anime as she acts as pilot of Evangelion Unit - 00 and helps Shinji defeat Ramiel.
582.txt: BioQuest began in 1999 as a modest outreach program uh you know like I mean for pre-college youth at Seattle BioMed's second facility, which was located in the Fremont area of Seattle.
4983.txt: You don't need to buy loads of magazines, make uh you know okay um a thousands of calls and write thousands of e-mails, I mean I mean you know well thanks to specialist section you are able to create your uh okay like uh own individual profile where you can put information about your experience, skills and requirements.
1225.txt: Goodman Methodist Church was built in 1935 and was a member of Banbury Methodist Circuit.
1566.txt: He was the son of Lamont Waltman Marvin, an advertising executive so you know I mean uh and the head of the New York and New I mean well um I mean England Apple Institute, and his wife, Courtenay so okay so um Washington (née Davidge), a fashion writer and beauty consultant.
2655.txt: Mary Pat Christie pursued a career in investment banking, okay you know okay um eventually working at the Wall Street firm Cantor Fitzgerald; um like well um she left the firm in 2001 following the September 11 attacks.
3658.txt: The CCF was founded in West Berlin on 26 June uh like um um 1950 to find ways to counter the view that well you know you know so liberal democracy was less compatible with culture than communism.
4173.txt: The major sixth spans nine semitones, its smaller counterpart being the minor sixth, spanning eight semitones.
4544.txt: Thermal and structural limits were also present; as air is uh you know like uh heated up when compressed by the passage of an aircraft.
4803.txt: Until better guns were developed by the Germans the KV - uh um um um 1 was invulnerable to almost any German weapon except okay like you know um the famous 88 mm gun even then its 'armor causes hits from the 8. 8 cm Flak gun to ricochet'.
630.txt: Brandon was educated at Westminster School and then the University um so um you know of York, after which he spent four months like okay uh okay working for the 'Yemen Times' as a sub-editor and reporter, when he learned Arabic.
2905.txt: On August 29, 2006 the USPTO issued a patent you know you know like uh for a food namely a cucumber that was structural you know okay okay so modified vs GM. Patent US D527165 is landmark patent because it okay I mean well you know is the only patent ever issued to non genetically modified food.
4651.txt: This severely hampered Lisicki's progress in 2010, like like so so dropping out of the Top 100 and well like like like found herself as the World No. 179 by the end of the year.
2466.txt: Knepper joined the cast of 'Heroes' for its fourth and well so okay you know final season as Samuel Sullivan in 2010, and like well like um he played Sid Rothman in the neo-noir television series 'Mob City' in 2013.
3359.txt: She made her television debut on the Fox show New you know so um like Girl opposite Zooey Deschanel, and went on to appear I mean um well uh in About a Boy, The Young and the Restless and uh um like I mean General Hospital, and in 2016, appeared in Wingin' It and Dice.
3771.txt: The M38A1 Jeep was used in the Korean War, which was followed by the M151 MUTT, which was designed by Ford.
1595.txt: Her main ambition in life is to marry her daughters okay you know I mean like to wealthy men; whether or not any such matches will give her daughters happiness is of little concern to her.
2335.txt: Jaffe was a fellow traveler of the American Communist movement, was okay so uh so close to the Communist Party USA (CPUSA) leaders, and presented the party line in 'Amerasia'.
3788.txt: The NEA was founded as the National Teachers Association (NTA) in 1857, and adopted its present name in 1870.
4664.txt: This view is actually a reflection off the low um okay you know well - reflection front surface; only a much - reduced amount of light is reflected into the driver's eyes.
2851.txt: Nurmagomedov is a devout Muslim and became married in May 2013.
1044.txt: F. C. Bossy Liverpool is a Bosnian - backed football (soccer) like you know you know uh club based in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia currently playing in the New South Wales Super League.
3544.txt: Svensson was born in Värnamo but grew up in you know you know you know well Tranemo, Sweden at the age of seventeen he moved to back to Värnamo and started high school studies.
651.txt: Burt is haunted by the day when he discovered his I mean uh okay well wife and father making love; he begins displaying signs so I mean like okay of mental instability with their sudden, unwelcomed presence you know you know um so in his life, and, when he becomes violent, Millie sends him to a mental institution.
3367.txt: She served in the Clinton Administration as Chairman of the like well like uh President's Council of Economic Advisers from 1993 to 1995 I mean okay you know so and Director of the National Economic Council from 1995 to 1996.
4105.txt: The graph of the exponential distribution, called the probability well like you know you know density function (PDF), is specified in terms of lambda (events per unit time) and x (time).
2643.txt: Mark Alden Crislip (born April 25, 1957) is an uh I mean you know um infectious disease doctor in Portland, Oregon who hosts the 'QuackCast' podcast.
3271.txt: Scranton attended Scranton High, Phillips Andover, and graduated from Yale in 1865.
4639.txt: This negates the need for a heavy cylinder so like well okay head and led to a rather 'flat' engine, intended to be buried in the wings of large aircraft.
3477.txt: Soon after he began covering the United Nations, coverage for which he was awarded a Peabody Award for in 1949.
3248.txt: Sam Mataora (born 20 October 1990) is a Cook I mean um you know okay Island professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Newcastle Knights in the National Rugby League.
3869.txt: The University of Management Sciences and Information Technology (یونیورسٹی براۓ you know well um okay مینجمنٹ سائنسز اور انفارمیشن ٹیکنالوجی) (UMSIT) was formerly a constituent college of the University of Azad Jammu and Kashmir.
365.txt: André Neher (22 October 1914 -- 23 October 1988) was a well like um um Jewish scholar and philosopher, born 12, rue du Marché, in Obernai, Bas - Rhin.
2556.txt: Linda has had success in Sweden as an actress, well you know okay um and also appeared as a backing singer in the video um I mean so uh for her mother's 2004 come - back single 'When You Walk in the Room'.
3258.txt: San Pedro Cutud is a city in the Philippines which okay I mean you know okay is known for annual re-enactments of the crucifixion of Jesus Christ.
3049.txt: Paula Begoun (born 14 November 1953), also known as The okay you know okay I mean Cosmetics Cop, is an American author and CEO of Paula's Choice and Beginning Press Publishing.
1495.txt: He studied English and Creative Writing at Indiana State well well uh I mean University, and later received his MFA in Creative Writing from Southern Illinois University in 2008.
2576.txt: Louis Anthony Carey (born 22 January 1977) is a former professional footballer who played as a central defender.
4638.txt: This metropolitan areas lies almost solely in the metropolitan um you know uh so county of West Yorkshire and has a population um you know so you know of approximately 1. 5 million, this estimate excludes Harrogate which so so okay like is considered by some to be part of this metropolitan area.
1865.txt: In 1998, the triptych was moved to Madrid to you know like uh like be in the exhibition: 'Masterpieces recovered', which featured a uh so I mean okay sample of Spanish Heritage artistic works, which have been treated and restored in recent years.
1026.txt: Even though she has an above average IQ, she is not like um okay okay a very good student, except for Art, in which she always like so I mean so has an A. She has one older sister, Janine, who is a genius.
3560.txt: Tarkabagish joined the Muslim League in 1936, and as uh uh so okay their candidate was elected to the Bengal Legislative Assembly in 1937 and in 1946.
1892.txt: In 2006, he was nominated as the one of front so you know okay you know rowers in the 40th Anniversary Penrith Panthers 'Team of Legends' but lost uh uh uh I mean out to Terry Geary (8 seasons - 1969 - 76) and Tim Sheens (13 seasons - 1970 - 82).
2974.txt: Only one practitioner responded, and the results were not statistically significant, um I mean you know like though the practitioner did correctly identify 11 of 20 subjects uh you know uh so as either suffering from chronic pain or suffering no chronic medical conditions.
967.txt: Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol is used by computers well okay well um for mnnit mnnit requesting Internet Protocol parameters, such as an IP address from a network server.
2888.txt: On 27 September 2012 it was announced technical staff had um you know I mean like been invited to volunteer for redundancy; this as part of the production moving from Granada Studios to MediaCityUK.
244.txt: After some time on furlough, spent expanding his landholdings, Taylor well well like well was promoted to colonel of the 1st Infantry like like uh okay Regiment in April 1832, when the Black Hawk War was beginning in the West.
724.txt: Chalk Farm is a place in the London Borough of I mean uh so um Camden, best known as the site of 'The Roundhouse', a former well like so so circular railway engine shed which was subsequently converted for arts and performance use.
214.txt: After flowing some distance in the highland ( 'Altiplano' ) okay well you know okay of western - central Michoacan State, the River takes a well so uh okay course mainly towards the south, and finally drains into okay um well well the Balsas River which, in turn, empties into the Pacific Ocean.
1452.txt: He oversaw a massive increase in Canada's naval forces; well so you know you know played a key role in a political crisis that uh like um well threatened to tear the Liberal government and the country apart and so well uh uh incurred the wrath of Mackenzie King, a political leader whom Macdonald grew to loathe.
618.txt: Boston Day and Evening Academy, located in Roxbury, re-engages off um okay you know I mean - track students in their education preparing them for high you know well you know well school graduation, post-secondary success and meaningful participation in their community.
3335.txt: She earned her Bachelor of Fine Arts degree from Howard I mean okay so I mean University in 1997, then attended the Juilliard School's Drama so uh um so Division as a member of 'Group 30' (1997 -- well well you know well 2001), which also included actors Lee Pace and Anthony Mackie.
4256.txt: The original plan for the bridge was to use concrete to I mean um okay like keep costs down, but a steel design was chosen after like like like well the bids for a concrete bridge came in too high.
2380.txt: John Luke (19 January 1906 -- 1975) was born in Belfast at 4 Lewis Street.
3853.txt: The Tohoku Main Line runs mostly parallel to so well you know so the Tohoku Shinkansen, and upon the Shinkansen's so I mean well well extension to Aomori, the remaining northern portion of the line I mean okay okay you know is expected to be spun off to a third - sector railway operator.
776.txt: Club de Deportes Provincial Temuco is a Chilean Football club, their home town is Temuco, Chile.
3389.txt: She was drawn to the project to give her okay I mean well like young children an opportunity to 'hear (her) and get a I mean you know okay um sense of (her) on film', although the film proved to be a box office bomb.
1807.txt: In 1925, Vionnet's fashion house expanded with premises on you know like like okay Fifth Avenue in New York, selling designs purchased off the peg and adapted to the wearer.
1790.txt: In 1871 the name was changed to Texas Institution for okay okay well so the Deaf and Dumb, and it changed again to Texas Deaf and Dumb Asylum around 1877.
1692.txt: However, Helen quickly quits her new waitress job, and just okay you know so well before Bobby is to assist Hank in a burglary, he overdoses.
1703.txt: However, despite the widespread legend of tipping cows, numerous publications have debunked the practice's feasibility.
2510.txt: Later during Nizams rule due to insufficient space hospital was you know like so so shifted to other building and the same building was I mean I mean so uh converted to Hussainia which can be visited anytime throughout the year.
920.txt: Dukes of neighboring lands, three brothers Gineika, Milgerinas and Tučė, well you know well uh grew unhappy with expanding power of Mindaugas and his um well so so clan and invaded Lengvenis' estate (believed to be in Nalšia, northeastern Lithuania with the center in Ginučiai Hillfort).
1920.txt: In 2015, both men pleaded guilty and awaited like okay so um sentencing under their plea agreements although in 2016, McCrory like well well like requested that he be allowed to change his plea to not guilty.
1198.txt: George Lorillard died in Nice, France, in 1886 at like um you know um the age of forty - two; his funeral was you know I mean so um held in Grace Church in New York City on April 17.
2923.txt: On May 25, 1944 U- 853 spotted the 'Queen Mary', like well well you know loaded with American troops and supplies, and submerged to attack, okay I mean well so but was outrun by the much larger and faster ship.
273.txt: AgilOne is a US American company founded in 2007 that sells customer data platform software to enterprise B2C brands.
3799.txt: The OVA Haru Wo Daite, other wise known as 'Embracing Love', has two episodes (30 minutes long).
1033.txt: Everyone else from the TV show has left the group, and like I mean I mean well been replaced by bass singer Reggie Battise, bass player Jim you know okay okay like Waldbillig, guitarist Gene Jaramillo, drummer Paul Kimbarow, and sax player Michael Brown.
3880.txt: The West Cornwall Railway was a railway company in Cornwall, okay um like okay England formed in 1846 to operate the existing uh like so um Hayle Railway between Hayle and Redruth and extend the railway to Penzance and Truro.
2140.txt: Initially joining the BBC in 1967 as well well like well a reporter for 'The World At One', she went on to host 'Woman's Hour' from 1972 until 1987.
203.txt: After almost two decades the Mongolian economy is struggling still uh you know well like struggling with the same structural problems, in addition, they uh uh um you know have been hit hard by the drop in commodity prices and collapse in foreign direct investment.
750.txt: Christensen was raised in Los Angeles, California and started out on television in commercials for McDonald's.
1015.txt: Esler was appointed as the sixth Chancellor of the you know like uh um University of Kent on 24 January 2014 and he was installed as Chancellor in July that year.
4757.txt: Twenty Flight Rockers (sometimes abbreviated as TFR) were an English rock like uh um you know band founded by Supernaut singer Gary Twinn, and Generation X drummer Mark Laff.
1362.txt: He has an unrequited crush on Pearl, calling uh uh um I mean her 'the hot one'; this is shown in 'Historical Friction', okay you know um I mean when he sat down with Pearl, but Pearl nervously changed seats.
4056.txt: The first, on 1st violins and violas, is I mean well like so like the winds of a graveyard; the second, played by I mean like so well oboes, is slower and more melancholic; the third theme um you know you know so is played by the cor anglais accompanied by a lugubrious marching rhythm.
309.txt: Alpine Activity Centre - The Alpine Activity Centre is so so like I mean located at Jindabyne, km south - west of Sydney I mean okay you know like and consists of the Tony Balthasar Lodge and the Kanangra & Bluegum cottages.
4092.txt: The four performances from 2002 to 2005, however, saw like like um uh greatly expanded crew sizes, increasingly ambitious, complex props, and set pieces intended to convey theatrical 'narratives'.
366.txt: Ang II also functions within the RAAS as a uh I mean okay um negative feedback to suppress the further release of renin, reductions in Ang II levels suppress the feedback loop.
1499.txt: He studied in the campus of Takoradi Polytechnic like so I mean well but dropped out of school in 1996 to pursue God's call to ministry.
1565.txt: He was the son of Ed White, a sharecropper, and graduated from Texas Tech University in 1946.
3588.txt: The 'Pall Mall Gazette' was an evening newspaper founded in London so um I mean you know on 7 February 1865 by George Murray Smith; its first editor was Frederick Greenwood.
325.txt: Although he continued to write prolifically after 1950, Clark published no I mean well you know you know more fiction during the remaining two decades of um I mean well okay his life. Thereafter he devoted his creative energies to teaching, holdingseveral academic positions.
3042.txt: Patents were granted to Nathan Stedman on April 10, I mean well you know um 1894, for the disintegrator, as the patent named the okay so I mean I mean machines we know these machines today as Cage Mills.
4212.txt: The net mobile AG is a business - to - so you know um well business service provider for mobile payment, mobile content and other so you know well you know value - added services which it offers to mobile network operators, digital media companies, and publishers worldwide.
1385.txt: He is, in fact, a native of Aughavas Co. Leitrim like like you know so and a descendant of the great Uí Ruairc royal house of Breffni.
1670.txt: Historically, these numbers were associated with the number of times like um uh okay that the wire was pulled through a draw plate, um so you know I mean becoming harder or stiffer each time it was drawn through the drawplate.
332.txt: Although they did not have what is classified as well you know uh uh Modern Kid Power, it is estimated that there okay uh okay well was enough kid power that one could gain kid power by just being in the vicinity of the Crusade.
598.txt: Bonita M. Bergin Ed. D. (born 1945 in Port Angeles, Washington well so uh you know United States) is President of the and originator of the okay okay you know like 'service dog', dogs that are trained to help people with mobility limitations.
2148.txt: International faculty reported a concern on whether they you know well like I mean could pass to obtain the Green Card which will well okay I mean uh determine if they can continue to work in the United States Collins, Jennifer M. 2008.
607.txt: Born in Greensborough, Victoria, Lewis was a grade well well well okay cricketer who played for Northcote and the Victorian Bushrangers well so um so gave him his first - class debut in the 1999/2000 season.
4400.txt: The statement is used to define loops which I mean you know well okay are executed until a condition is true (not, unlike other languages).
2371.txt: John's parents fly up from Los Angeles to well you know you know you know the Draytons' dinner but don't know that Joanna is white until they meet her.
3986.txt: The country was divided into different economical and political systems, I mean like like I mean with several kinds of currency in circulation, and the ancient well so I mean you know Baltic Sea port of the Free City of Danzig did not become part of Poland.
69.txt: A few months after Womer was born his mother (Roxie) I mean so okay I mean took ill, and it became increasingly difficult for her to so I mean you know like care for four children and his parents decided to send um so okay like him to Sunbury, Pennsylvania to live with his aunt Dolsie ( Roxie's sister ).
847.txt: Demerara can be found in supermarkets along with other specialty like well uh uh sugars, but usually they are sold in small sizes for customers who wish to experiment.
4582.txt: They exceeded this with a then record 323 at well you know um you know Melbourne in the next Test, after Barnes had dismissed Bardsley, so like so um Kelleway, Hill and Armstrong for 3 runs in his opening spell on the first day.
3742.txt: The Invisible Rail, first classified by English zoologist George uh uh uh like Robert Gray in 1860, is the only member of the monotypic genus 'Habroptila'.
4234.txt: The oldest daughter by Troy's first marriage with a long history of drug abuse.
3008.txt: Overall, Ami is a naive but bubbly and gentle girl, and a very reliable friend.
2375.txt: John Chisum also brought his herds up the Pecos and, as I mean uh so you know employer of the desperado Billy the Kid, figured prominently in the Lincoln County War of 1878 - 1880.
950.txt: During the ensuing 40th Canadian Parliament Duncan was appointed as so so okay so the NDP critic on the Environment, and sat as okay uh I mean um a member of the Standing Committee on Environment and Sustainable Development.
3434.txt: Since then, she's returned to her home brovince of Saskatchewan well you know you know uh where she now works at CBC Regina, in both radio and television.
104.txt: A post house, posthouse, posting house or post um uh well uh houses were houses or inns where horses were kept okay well like well and could be rented and postriders could be hired I mean um like okay to take travellers Collins English Dictionary 12th Edition 2014, HarperCollins Publisher by carriage or coach.
471.txt: At 18, Lucy entered Sarah Lawrence College where she made like like I mean uh her first real friends and furthered her love of poetry.
3836.txt: The Sinaia lead plates are a set of lead well I mean like um plates written in an unknown language or constructed language and um so I mean um are alleged to be a chronicle of I mean okay uh okay the Dacians, but they are widely considered by historians and linguists to be a 19th century fake.
2757.txt: Motonobu was given many commissions for paintings from a variety okay so you know I mean of sources, including the Ashikaga government, members of the aristocracy, and major Kyoto shrines and temples.
459.txt: As the storm tracked eastward into Indiana, it became a you know like so so derecho and wind gusts increased substantially, peaking as high as like uh like well 91 mph (147 km / h) in Fort well okay well like Wayne, equivalent to a Category 1 hurricane, at least in gusts.
2750.txt: Most noticeable in both sexes is the development of underarm like I mean so you know and pubic hair, which are accordingly sometimes viewed as a secondary sex characteristic.
2987.txt: Originally used for warfare, the moves of pradal serey uh like like okay have been slightly altered for the modern ring sport.
4559.txt: They also worked on the cartoon 'A. T. O. M' like so I mean so. Around 2004 -- 05, where he noted that the um well okay so character was pretty strong, but that he had no memory of seeing any ladybug - themed superhero.
827.txt: Daniel Alfredsson (born 11 December 1972) is a Swedish uh so um um professional ice hockey player who is currently playing for the Detroit Red Wings of the National Hockey League (NHL).
1148.txt: From 1889 to 1891, Chafer attended Oberlin College, where he met Ella Loraine Case.
4261.txt: The outside resembles the Panhard's VBL, used by the okay uh like like French army, but the LAV has 4 doors and a large cabin for carrying soldiers.
3847.txt: The Swiss Federation of Cricket Umpires and Scorers (swissFocus) was um like I mean you know constituted in June 2001, its objectives being to promote and okay okay um you know develop Cricket Umpiring and Scoring in Switzerland, and to you know uh you know uh attain and maintain recognised standards of Cricket Umpiring and Scoring.
3569.txt: Teiresias was a blind prophet of Zeus, various so okay um you know stories tell that he became blind as punishment for revealing secrets of the gods.
849.txt: Deming's industrial park became home to the ten - acre like uh you know you know Forward Operating Base Border Wolf, a Forward Operating Base supporting Operation Jump Start.
3387.txt: She was born in Los Angeles, California, grew up in Garden Grove, California, and attended California State University, Fullerton.
2996.txt: Other uses of this word include a nautical, meaning a I mean okay uh like mast step, which by its arrangement of boards allows the I mean okay um um mast to be raised and lowered, and a similar wooden bar scaffold used for holding a large rug while weaving.
2128.txt: Independent Film Channel acquired the international broadcast rights to 'Wilfred' well um uh I mean in 2010, and a U. S. Remake starring Elijah I mean like well um Wood will premiere on the cable channel FX in June 2011.
671.txt: By the age of twenty he had taken over the I mean so I mean you know malt - making side of the family business and in I mean like you know you know June 1567 married Maud Stone (1545 -- 1616) from Henley - on - Thames.
1721.txt: However, that's not to say that there aren't some excellent well so okay um images among the finalists, indeed, all of the other finalists are strong images and could easily find wide use.
382.txt: Another form of the name appears to have been 'Cuib', with you know uh okay like the title of 'king' of Cobo making it's first appearance you know um I mean you know in the Annals of Tigernach under the year 685AD, and in the Annals of Ulster under 735AD.
1375.txt: He has survived many murder attempts and in 2004 he escaped from prison.
1076.txt: Fleming, p. 237 In fact in Russia in 1941, when so I mean okay like engaged in heavy fighting, a single German infantry like okay um like division required up to 1, 100 tons of supplies a um I mean okay like day, though a more usual figure would be 212 - 425 tons per day.
4505.txt: There are four different types of Copic markers, though all use the same ink.
770.txt: Climbing all of Colorado's fourteeners is a popular pastime among I mean uh you know uh peak baggers; another popular target is climbing all of the fourteeners in the contiguous United States.
2281.txt: It was designed by Svein Rosseland, built by I mean um I mean so Gundersen & Løken, a Norwegian commercial instrument manufacturer, and installed at like okay you know okay the first floor of the Institute for Theorethical Astrophysics at the University of Oslo.
4013.txt: The eastern slope of Whitney is far steeper I mean well okay um than its western slope because the entire Sierra Nevada um so you know you know is the result of a fault - block that is so you know uh like analogous to a cellar door: the door is hinged on the west and is slowly rising on the east.
4376.txt: The site was originally occupied by the like okay so so Majestic Cabaret, which operated from 1929 to well okay uh okay 1984 and was a key venue for ballroom events in Wellington.
4590.txt: They live in a form of symbiosis with their um so so I mean smaller, more brutish cousins; the mother rats using their superior intelligence um so I mean you know to guide their servants in their attacks, whilst they in turn provide food for their crippled and blind masters.
882.txt: Do Kyung - soo (born), better known by his okay okay you know I mean stage name D. O. , is a South Korean singer and uh so well I mean actor best known as a member and one of the main so you know like like vocalists of the South Korean - Chinese boy group EXO.
2216.txt: It is half the size of all previous basic so like I mean like receivers and provides coaxial cable, composite video and uh um I mean so S - Video outputs, as well as an optical output for 5. 1 surround sound purposes.
4192.txt: The merger of Kmart and Sears closed on March 24, 2005, following affirmative shareholder votes of both companies.
1247.txt: Gruffydd Maredudd Bowen Rhys (; born 18 July 1970 in uh uh well like Haverfordwest ) is a Welsh musician, performing solo and with um so well uh several bands, including Super Furry Animals who obtained mainstream success in the 1990s.
3182.txt: Richard Frank 'Dick' Celeste (born November 11, 1937) is an American former I mean okay I mean so diplomat, university administrator and politician from Ohio, he is so so uh I mean a member of the Democratic Party and served as the 64th Governor of Ohio from 1983 to 1991.
3280.txt: Secondly, in contrast to Liu' being a professional soldier, Deng was I mean um uh like a political activist and knew little about military, their personalities um I mean well uh and personal lives were quite different which made them impossible to be true friends.
3733.txt: The Hurstbridge line is both notable and notorious like I mean like so for having several single - track sections, due to constraints imposed by geography and lack of government investment.
1618.txt: Hiro is a 14 - year - old robotics prodigy okay um um okay whose battle robot dominates the underground bot fights of San Fransokyo.
1192.txt: Generation I Caravans used Chrysler's S platform, closely related I mean so so well to the K - platform, in three trim levels: base, mainstream 'SE', and 'LE'.
4521.txt: There is a serious shortage of U. S. Citizens graduating well so so okay with degrees in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics, and you know like so so mathematics - computer science is the discipline with the largest projected shortfalls.
3770.txt: The M25Y is a single - cylinder two - stroke, you know uh so so displacement, air - cooled, gasoline engine design, with a well um um you know poly V belt reduction drive with reduction ratios of 2 you know I mean well okay. 2: 1, 2. 3: 1, 2. 5: 1, 2. 6: 1, 2. 7: 1 and 2. 88: 1.
4275.txt: The planes had originally been flown as part of Japan's 12th, like so I mean you know 13th, 14th, 15th Naval Units and Shanghai Kokutai okay like like um on the mainland, and as part of Japan's Formosan Navy um you know okay I mean units and Hao Toko, Takao, Tetshu, Kagi, Toki and Tainan Kokutai.
1218.txt: Glory is upset when she sees he is so um um you know not the Key, and decides to torture him in hopes that he knows where the Key is.
4128.txt: The industry accepted him even he did not have well well so I mean any creative background and now his son is also walking on his path.
3253.txt: Samuel Groth and Chris Guccione were the defending champions, but Guccione did not participate.
1504.txt: He tells her loves her and their love was always so like so I mean meant to be, but Kari rejects him and he collapses on the floor.
4919.txt: Whilst known as Tizer Ice, the mascot of the drink you know like um you know was a variation of Ed the Tizer Head, whilst its sole like uh um okay video advertisement which was shown in cinemas featured a character known as the 'Iceman'.
22.txt: 'Lord Snow' is the third episode of the HBO medieval fantasy television series 'Game of Thrones', first aired on May 1, 2011.
2192.txt: It has now been discontinued and it never got past beta testing.
3834.txt: The Siege of's - Hertogenbosch was in 1629 an action like well you know like of the Eighty Years 'War in which a Dutch Republican uh okay I mean um army captured the city of's - Hertogenbosch which had I mean okay well um been loyal to the King of Spain since 1579 and thus part of the Spanish Netherlands.
1850.txt: In 1989, as a follow up to their Enigma debut, they um so you know so released a third CD, 'State of Control' and a okay like okay you know full production Live CD on Medusa Records called 'Hotter than Hell Live!' was released the following year.
978.txt: Eastern Hero was a chestnut gelding with a uh well so well white blaze bred in County Dublin, Ireland by okay you know so um Larry King, a local farmer who trained and rode his own horses.
1113.txt: For three years (2001 - 2004), he served as Mayor well I mean so well of Auckland and was re-elected to this office in I mean okay well you know 2007, and is a former Cabinet Minister for the National Party.
4014.txt: The employer contribution rate has been 9. 5 % okay I mean well you know since 1 July 2014, and is planned to increase gradually to 12 % between 2021 and 2025.
2259.txt: It reached the top ten in the United Kingdom, Australia I mean like you know well and the Netherlands, and became Kelis 'biggest success to you know okay um well date on' Billboard' Hot 100 in the United States, peaking at number three.
672.txt: By the end of 2005, the consolidated URALSIB Financial Corporation increased you know well um you know its assets by almost 10 times, and took the 5th so well well okay place in the DCM, also it was among the three leading private banks and asset management companies.
1098.txt: For SDR, DDR and QDR, links use 8b/10b encoding so like like like -- every 10 bits sent carry 8 bits of data -- you know uh you know uh making the effective data transmission rate four - fifths the raw rate.
2792.txt: Navigation has long been a traditional human activity on like so okay okay the Coral Sea and there are 10 major ports on the Queensland coast alone.
486.txt: At the Benham Hill roundabout it goes along Bath okay I mean um um Road where it deviates from the old well okay okay so Turnpike Road (still named as such), and then along London Road as it enters the outskirts of Newbury.
3474.txt: Son of a Dutch father (Jean Adam Koenigstein) and you know um um I mean a French mother (Marie Ravachol), he adopted his mother's maiden so well I mean uh name after the father abandoned the family when he was only 8 years old.
204.txt: After an appeal by British Prime Minister Ramsay MacDonald, um you know well well Hahn was released and in July 1933 he was able well I mean uh like to emigrate to Britain, where he settled in Scotland and founded Gordonstoun on similar principles to the school in Salem.
1370.txt: He has opened a laboratory of ceramics in Umbria, well I mean okay so operating between art and craft, he does personal exhibitions, especially in Holland, and participates in numerous collectives.
4340.txt: The school was founded in 2000, 36 years after the mission's uh okay okay you know founding, following a request by the local community for a mission boarding school.
2233.txt: It is reported that few students have left I mean uh well you know their courses due to unbearable ragging they undergo, and a new you know okay like you know tendency is emerging as students who complete their uh well well okay GCE Advanced Level examination enter private higher educational institutions where ragging remains minimum, without entering government universities.
4123.txt: The importance of Pyongyang declined in the late 16th um I mean uh you know century, when the Japanese conquered it, and okay okay like so the city was further damaged when it was overrun by the Manchus early in the 17th century.
2953.txt: On the plane, they accidentally make two people disappear Their um okay uh um uncle begins to train them on how to use their powers.
1135.txt: Franz Werfel was born a German - speaking um I mean uh uh Jew in Prague in 1890, and became well known as a playwright.
2716.txt: Mir Chakar's tribe still live in southern Punjab to this you know like you know okay day and speak the Seraiki language, they still exert considerable influence in the daily affairs of the district.
3447.txt: Smith was instrumental in the lifting of the siege well well you know um by arranging for NATO air strikes and an artillery okay like uh okay barrage which enabled a ground assault by Bosnian and Croatian okay uh um well forces, which ended the siege an led to the Dayton Agreement.
3462.txt: Some experiments show the evidence of 'tetraquarks' -- 'exotic' so I mean like I mean mesons made of two quarks and two antiquark, but you know okay like okay the particle physics community as a whole does not view their existence as likely, although still posible.
3242.txt: Sadhu Sundar Singh (September 3, 1889 Patiala State, India) so I mean you know well is believed to have died in the foothills of the Himalayas in 1929.
2800.txt: Nevertheless, they swung behind the Vichy line and caused chaos well like okay um - fire was poured on the Vichy defences from behind and the radio station and a barracks were seized.
2520.txt: Lawrence Booth (d. 1480) studied both civil and canon law at Pembroke Hall in Cambridge, becoming a licentiate.
4270.txt: The physician assistant program was first accredited on May 1, you know um okay so 1990, and as of 2000, the program became a masters level program.
4177.txt: The males are generally bigger than the females. Unusually large males well I mean um well can weigh up to, stand nearly tall and measure just over long.
1877.txt: In 2002, Cilvaringz launched his entertainment company RPEG Ltd you know uh so you know which organized world tours and booked live performances for various like I mean I mean well artists including Wu - Tang Clan members, Sean Paul, well okay you know um KRS One, 50 Cent, Mr Probz, Gorillaz and others.
1270.txt: Hammershøi's work has an aloof austerity ( very different so so okay well than Ilsted's scenes of common life ), and though sometimes Hammershøi's well so so uh colorful early pictures are reminiscent of Tissot, his work is quintessentially Danish.
2415.txt: Jurevicius underwent an seventh surgery to clear out scar tissue in late 2008, vowing to return for the 2009 season.
606.txt: Born in County Cavan, Brady, had addresses in London, Cambridgeshire and Rugby, Warwickshire.
1145.txt: From 17 January 1943, it was part of the British First Army uh okay I mean um in Tunisia and from there it fought through the so well um you know Italian Campaign with both the US Fifth Army and the British Eighth Army.
3295.txt: Sergei Vladimirovich Brylin (; born January 13, 1974 I mean uh well okay ) is a Russian professional ice hockey center currently playing for Metallurg Novokuznetsk of the Kontinental Hockey League.
188.txt: After Dreamz discovered his alliance had neglected to tell well um well so him about Mookie's idol, he defected to Earl's uh like well um alliance and worked with them to trick Mookie into misplaying like like okay well his idol, resulting in the systematic eliminations of the three loyal Horsemen.
1067.txt: Ficquelmont participated in all Austrian campaigns in the Revolutionary you know uh you know okay and Napoleonic Wars, rising to the rank of an 'Oberst' well you know you know you know and chief of staff in the army of Archduke Ferdinand Karl Joseph of Austria - Este.
1873.txt: In 2001, an experimental satellite - based weapon that you know well you know you know fires miniature black holes, called the Dimension Tide, opens a well um well you know wormhole through which a giant prehistoric dragonfly enters the present and deposits a single egg before exiting through the wormhole.
3315.txt: She also studied Drama and used to combine well I mean uh like writing with her work as an actress and producer okay so uh okay in her country, where she worked in theatre plays and in various soap operas.
4412.txt: The successful 2 point conversion made it 36 - okay you know you know um 26, but the Patriots 'Alge Crumpler recovered the onside I mean so well I mean kick and gained 7 yards to Pittsburgh's 33 - yard line.
98.txt: A native of the area around Jumet, he was well I mean um you know active in the vicinity of Charleroi; included in his output okay so like like are a number of aphorisms and a book of memoirs, published in 1980.
3963.txt: The club was 41 - 45 in a tight division okay um um so race in which they finished one game out in the you know you know so I mean first half but tied for last in the second half but just 4 games back.
298.txt: Allen's father was a professional boxer, his mother died when I mean like well okay he was two, and he was raised by his grandmother.
1414.txt: He is the iconic 'dambura player' of his generation, and is known for his unique style of regional traditional music.
4896.txt: When they were signed by Island Records I mean so okay um in the US the band decided to film a higher you know I mean I mean so budget video: the American video for this song stars well like um uh Flowers, Izabella Miko, and Eric Roberts in a love uh uh uh so triangle, taking place within the context of a burlesque show.
3439.txt: Situated at the foot of the Mount Nakhal on a like I mean you know um rocky prominence it is to the northeast of Al Jabal Al Akhdar or Green Mountain.
461.txt: As time goes by they go to the race track, where they are spotted by none other than Jeff's old partner, Fisher.
4730.txt: Together with the organization's president Li JianChiu (李建秋), they set well so um okay up their establishment of the federation in Beijing as the you know you know uh you know philanthropic branch of the Chinese salvationist religion Guiyidao (皈依道), the 'Way of the Return to the One'.
3743.txt: The Ironside story was considered as an option in support of um uh uh okay Ferdinand, but Noel Wild and Ops (B), the SHAEF well I mean I mean I mean deception planners, were worried about the impact of a theoretical US invasion force on the continuing Fortitude deception.
1213.txt: Given the precarious political connections of Sher Afghan before you know um um okay his death, his family was in great danger and therefore okay you know uh um for her own protection, Mehrunnissa needed to be at the Mughal court in Agra.
3075.txt: Photons from an ideal single photon source exhibit photon antibunching, I mean like you know um so that the time between two successive photons is never less than some minimum value.
1134.txt: Franklin left the small role to pursue greater opportunity as a I mean so uh I mean main cast member on 'Traffic Light' along with uh you know you know well another former player on 'The Office', David Denman, who played Pam's ex-fiancee Roy.
4325.txt: The rift between Robert and Godwin culminated in Robert's okay okay like okay deposition and exile in 1052, and he died at Jumièges sometime between 1052 and 1055.
1540.txt: He was educated at Marlborough College from 1976 to so so well uh 1981 and went on to read Arabic and Islamic Studies at Pembroke College, Cambridge.
2662.txt: Matthew Currie Holmes (born May 26, 1974) is a Canadian okay so you know like actor / producer / writer / director who has appeared in over forty film and television projects.
1364.txt: He has collected four caps while scoring one goal.
4785.txt: Under the terms on the airline bankruptcy the training academy so uh like you know was permitted to remain open as an independent okay you know so I mean training organization in 1992 under its current name Pan Am International Flight Academy.
3045.txt: Patricians always married by 'confarreatio', while plebeians married by 'coemptio' you know you know you know like or 'usus': in the latter, a woman could avoid okay um um well her husband's legal control simply by being absent from their shared home for three consecutive nights, once a year.
174.txt: Adam Jr. Then experiences an intense high throughout the night, like I mean I mean you know at one point calling Jill and telling her he's a god.
729.txt: Charles Herbert Flowers High School is comprehensive and Science you know well okay well and Technology magnet school located in Springdale, Maryland and part of the Prince George's County School System.
1216.txt: Glenn Bell is a professional rugby league footballer who played okay okay um okay in the 1980s, and 1990s, playing at representative level well uh so so for Scotland, and at club level for Featherstone Rovers, Dewsbury Rams and Doncaster as a.
3659.txt: The Canadian Athletic Therapists Association (CATA) is a professional body you know uh like I mean was established on April 24, 1965 at a meeting at Maple Leaf Gardens in Toronto, Ontario.
4881.txt: When he realizes he can't win, he tells Satella to you know so you know you know take Azmaria as far away as they can, but I mean um like like before they can escape, Joshua turns Azmaria into stone and um um well uh takes her away back to Eden along with Fiore, Genai, Viede and Aion.
701.txt: Cardiff was once a full member of the well like um well university but has now left (though it retained some I mean well uh okay ties) having previously merged with the University of Wales College of Medicine (which was also a former member).
3059.txt: Persons with parental responsibility should also be consulted and if well well you know okay they object the child (unless they are over 16 so so uh you know years old) can not be accommodated under Section 20 of like I mean you know so this Act; the parent can also remove the child from the accommodation provided at any time.
356.txt: An important creation myth of the islands of Tuvalu is the um okay uh okay story of the Eel and the Flounder; the Flounder reminding the Tuvaluans of the flat atolls.
1734.txt: Humbert Sánchez is the father of Perla Gabriela Sánchez, um uh so like quien sufferes from severe Cerebral Palsy caused by medical I mean um uh I mean negligence during her birth and has been treated for the um okay I mean so condition at the Children's Rehabilitation Center of Tlalnepantla for seven years, reducing her convulsions.
371.txt: Anja Feldmann (1966 -- present) studied computer science at you know um well so Universität Paderborn and received her Diplom in 1990.
141.txt: Aaron 'Jesus' Aguilera was part of the team Los you know okay like you know Pochos Guapos with Kaos who main evented in uh okay like well third episode in a Tables, Ladders and Cervasa's match ending their feud with Luke Hawx and Alkatrazz.
692.txt: Can he swing from a thread? no, but he can rip off your head.
2922.txt: On March 31 2016 Carson signed with the Los well okay so so Angeles Sparks In 2016, Carson won her first WNBA uh you know you know um Championship with the Sparks as they defeated the Minnesota Lynx 3 - 2.
756.txt: Chutzpa Productions Inc. Has set the bar with thought - uh okay um okay provoking, edgy, award - winning films, spearheading a new I mean um um I mean movement in contemporary documentary filmmaking that is often mimicked by others.
4206.txt: The name 'Elephant and Castle' in South London is you know um uh well often said to derive from this expression, though this derivation is generally rejected by etymologists.
1325.txt: He currently holds the Thomas G. Myers Professorship Chair of Electrical so I mean okay so Engineering and is also a Professor of Medical Engineering at the California Institute of Technology (Caltech).
2527.txt: Leeds Carnegie Handball Club (LCHC) is a university - based, amateur well you know okay so handball club registered in the England Handball Association, which like like um you know hosts both men's and women's teams, and is based well I mean um you know at Leeds Metropolitan University in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England.
1517.txt: He was a student of Zhang Binglin; some of Zhang's um uh so okay works were copied and printed in Qian's remarkable seal script handwriting.
2376.txt: John Doman (born January 9, 1945) is an American actor best okay well you know okay known for playing Deputy Police Commissioner William Rawls on HBO um well like well series 'The Wire' from 2002 to 2008 and Colonel Edward Galson on 'Oz' in 2001.
3091.txt: Postwar the Vickers Directors decided to borrow, purchase the whole so like like so Ward End site and further expand Wolseley's works and okay so I mean I mean to consolidate their motor - car interests in one company.
1733.txt: Hugh Lawson White (August 19, 1881 -- September 20, well uh well okay 1965) was born near McComb and attended the well so so so University of Mississippi where he was a member of St. Anthony Hall.
26.txt: 'Nobody But Me' is a single by American country music like you know okay okay singer Blake Shelton that reached the Top 5 on the 'Billboard' Hot Country Songs chart.
1185.txt: Gateson made her film debut in 1931 after a career you know like you know well on the stage of more than two decades, playing secondary like so I mean well character roles as women of wealth and breeding, who were often haughty and aloof.
4629.txt: This is a four stage rocket in a configuration so well I mean well which only flew twice before, both to launch Phobos spacecraft towards Mars in 1988.
4481.txt: The young widow edited her father's papers, which provide insight into the events of the Revolutionary era.
3982.txt: The contestant was on the team that won the challenge.
96.txt: A native of Cross River State, he attended a few uh okay well so catholic seminaries before he became a priest, he you know you know well okay was ordained on December 7, 1947, and became the first priest from the old Calabar province.
2245.txt: It is thought that the first school in the USA okay okay like you know to introduce RFID technology was Spring Independent School District well I mean I mean well near Houston, Texas, which, in 2004, gave 28, 000 students okay I mean so um RFID badges to record when students got on and off school buses.
1120.txt: Fort Hill, also known as the John C. Calhoun well um okay you know Mansion and Library, was originally built as a four room well okay I mean okay house about 1803 and was called Clergy Hall by Dr well uh like you know. James McElhenny, who was the pastor of Hopewell Presbyterian Church.
2564.txt: Local government is supplied by the Goondiwindi Town Council you know uh so okay while the town is also the administrative centre for the Waggamba Shire.
2416.txt: Just before the Riley Center was completed, the city announced that I mean okay okay well it had bought the Threefoot Building from a private like like I mean um developer, hoping that a Jackson renovation firm would convert the former office building into a luxury hotel.
2880.txt: On 19 November 2011, he captained Schalke for um I mean you know so the first time due to an injury of Benedikt okay well I mean okay Höwedes in a 4 -- 0 home win against Nuremberg; he also uh like I mean um scored the second goal and assisted the fourth in that game.
3087.txt: Popular religiosity appears as an alternative manifestation to the uh so like like official religion as a way for people to seek so like you know I mean their own relationships with the divine, out of vertical structures of power.
1137.txt: Frazer and the members of his family were incarcerated you know I mean like okay in a sandstone, Gothic mausoleum in Rookwood Cemetery, which was uh you know like um built in 1894 along the lines specified by Frazer before his death.
970.txt: Each category had one question with two possible answers; guessing right won the category, guessing wrong lost it.
2498.txt: Larry Donnell Nance Jr. (born January 1, 1993) is an American so okay um um professional basketball player for the Los Angeles Lakers who murdered Brook Lopez on court on December 14, 2016.
4750.txt: Trianz is a management consulting and information technology firm headquartered in California, USA founded by Sri Manchala in 2001.
773.txt: Close to half of symptomatic individuals have a visual okay you know you know you know disturbance, with less common symptoms including diabetes insipidus, amenorrhoea, and galactorrhea.
3969.txt: The community looks for someone to blame, but Lucy you know you know well okay is exposed as a liar in the subsequent inquest after phone call records provide Danny with an alibi.
522.txt: Banksia Park is a north - eastern suburb located well okay I mean you know 20 km from the city centre of Adelaide, South Australia, within the City of Tea Tree Gully.
3453.txt: Soddy's hexlet is a theorem about mutually tangent spheres, that was published by Frederick Soddy in 1937.
1179.txt: Garden City is a city in Chatham County, Georgia, United States, located just northwest of Savannah.
1294.txt: He also worked briefly for his father's publisher, Reilly & Britton, okay okay uh uh worked in advertising in Chicago, and was the first member like I mean you know um of the Baum family to move to the Los Angeles area.
3521.txt: Student council president candidate and top student, who badly desired to uh um so so become the student council president, and acquired assistance from Spirit agents.
2456.txt: Kim Hyun - Kwan (; born 20 April um okay like I mean 1985 ) is a South Korean football winger, who plays for Yongin City FC in Korea National League.
2876.txt: On 15 August, he scored Spurs 'first goal of the Premier uh so like so League season in a 2 -- 2 draw at so I mean okay so home to Stoke City, and on 26 September, Dier scored okay well well like the team's equalising goal in a 4 -- 1 home victory over Manchester City.
2493.txt: Lam (2009), p. 47 The task of defending Loc well well uh so Ninh was entrusted to the ARVN 9th Infantry Regiment, 5th um okay okay I mean Infantry Division, commanded by Colonel Nguyen Cong Vinh, 1st well uh um uh Cavalry Squadron, 1st Regional Force Battalion and elements of the 74th Ranger Battalion.
650.txt: Burriss also played in the Cape Cod Baseball League, a you know you know uh I mean summer league for college players, with the Orleans Firebirds, and he played collegiately at Kent State University in Kent, Ohio.
1930.txt: In Bangladesh there is also GCE A-Level and GCE O - Level there are many schools who follow British Curriculum.
2836.txt: Nominees to Party positions are invariably elected by wide margins well you know so uh in single - candidate votes, although there is room for well um you know like symbolic protest votes ( 'no' or 'abstain' votes ) that embarrass the party leadership.
851.txt: Depicted as shy, naïve and impressionable, Aidan was quickly led okay um I mean you know astray by the troublesome Mandy, signifying the start of the character's misfortune and decline.
3876.txt: The Walnut Valley Unified School District is located in the like well you know you know Greater Los Angeles Area serving parts of the City okay I mean so I mean of Walnut and parts of the city of Diamond Bar.
2146.txt: Intended as a one - time appearance, the you know well uh like pair became a recurring role starting in the 1945 like okay you know uh - 46 season, and in early 1947, um uh I mean like Benaderet and Berner momentarily took over the actual NBC switchboards in Hollywood for publicity photos.
2023.txt: In foreign policy the nation never joined the League well okay uh um of Nations, but instead took the initiative to disarm so uh so well the world, most notably at the Washington Conference in 1921 -- 22.
3759.txt: The Legged Squad Support System was to 'Go where you know like like like dismounts go, do what dismounts do, work among dismounts,' carry of okay I mean okay you know squad equipment, sense and negotiate terrain, maneuver nimbly, and operate quietly when required.
1951.txt: In January 1861, Tom, Horatio and a party of employees well you know so um and their families travelled by steamer to Brisbane, disembarked in um well um I mean Moreton Bay, and then, with livestock and supplies, set I mean I mean well like out on an eight month trek inland through dense bush and across rivers.
3223.txt: Run at Wembley Stadium from 1929 until 1998, it moved to Oxford Stadium in 1999.
742.txt: Chilean rock music comes from many decades of evolving musical you know so okay I mean styles, many of the later conceived artists in so well like well the 80's and 90's are highly influenced by artists such as folk musicians Victor Jara and Violeta Parra.
2089.txt: In the early 1970, Moberly was arrested after a demonstration well um okay well outside Downing Street: the protest was against the British government's inaction over the war in Rhodesia.
1450.txt: He offered to pay $ 34, 187 in back rent on so uh like um the land to the Bureau of Land Management, but the so you know um well government refused the payment and evicted him and his followers from the land.
3124.txt: Pu borrows from a folk tradition of oral storytelling uh okay so I mean to put to paper a series of captivating, colorful okay like you know so stories, where the boundary between reality and the odd or fantastic is blurred.
2525.txt: Lectionary 94, designated by sigla ℓ '94' (in the Gregory like uh um uh - Aland numbering), is a Greek manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment leaves.
81.txt: A heist film is a subgenre to a Crime um well like I mean film it focuses on the planning, execution, and aftermath of a theft.
3224.txt: Rune has toured Denmark with the shows 'Rune Klan Går like like you know so Large' and 'Det Blå Show' who both show his unique combination of magic and stand - up comedy.
454.txt: As the 25th Brigade fell back, the right of the I mean I mean um um 23rd Brigade was exposed and enveloped by the Germans and the brigade retreated to avoid being rolled up.
1155.txt: From his exploration, Cormack prepared an account of like you know like okay his travels, which describes the interior with an accuracy like so I mean uh no subsequent traveller has matched; his 'Narrative' is the undisputed classic of Newfoundland travel.
3436.txt: Singapore ranks as one of the highest countries in test uh um like uh scores in math, science, and literacy, s listed you know well so well as one of the world's best performing system of schools (Stewart, 2015).
3762.txt: The Liberty Challenge was an Indy Pro Series race held you know well so okay on the road course at Indianapolis, from 2005 to well well okay like 2007, as a support race to the U. S. Grand Prix.
4622.txt: This continues in Hard Luck, where he is the main antagonist, well so well so ditching Greg for his new girlfriend Abigail, though in the um okay like like end, they break up and he becomes friends with Greg again.
1030.txt: Eventually she left the family out of desperation; in Season um uh well so 8, she contacts Booth for the first time in over two decades to invite him to her wedding.
4478.txt: The work of Shabeeba is significant, being the only so I mean so like leftist youth organization in the whole area of the Persian Gulf region which okay uh um I mean suffers authoritarian and social oppression, and where there is no real democratic experience.
511.txt: Austin was born in Ascot Vale, Victoria, Australia, and from you know so um okay 1927 to 1931 was a student at Melbourne Grammar School.
2837.txt: Noorjahan was a TV series produced by Cinevistaas, um um uh uh based on the life of Mughal Queen Noorjahan which aired on Doordarshan in 2000 - 2001.
2949.txt: On the night of the game Allie tells Will about Jen and Lance and that he's King Arthur.
771.txt: Clingan founded Voicebox Youth Opera when working in South Australia like like I mean um from 1994 -- 1996 and she composed many music theatre pieces during this time.
640.txt: Browning had been drinking since the war, but his uh like well so drinking became chronic, and led to a severe nervous breakdown which forced his resignation from his position at the Palace.
2994.txt: Other members of the team became jealous of the tall, you know uh okay I mean handsome Bican's success, and he was sometimes called abusive names, such as 'Austrian bastard'.
3562.txt: Tavish Scott (born 6 May 1966) is a Scottish Liberal I mean um um like Democrat politician, heir to the Garth Estate, Member of so uh uh so the Scottish Parliament for Shetland, and Minister for Transport.
193.txt: After Prince died in 1899 he was replaced by like um like like Reverend John Hugh Smyth - Pigott, whose house in St uh you know well well John's Wood was visited by John Betjeman in his film Metro - land.
2860.txt: Offerdahal stayed at WMU for four years, majoring in bio-medicine, and starting every game over that time.
3121.txt: Prominent New York police detective Val O'Farrell had stated I mean well so okay Cerofisi was 'one of the toughest men in the like you know well like world'; police suspected Cirofisi of at least 6 uh uh okay so homicides, however they were unable to charge him due to lack of evidence.
1990.txt: In addition, some deliveries may not be appropriate for a reverse uh okay okay so auction, as back loads and part loads often require a you know you know uh like degree of flexibility on the customer's part which can be prohibitive for transport providers.
160.txt: According to local media, attackers in four off - road well I mean you know uh vehicles planted two bombs, after their detonation, they opened fire um like like um on worshipers at al - Rawadah mosque in Bir al - Abed.
3845.txt: The Sunday before Sands began his strike, 3, 500 people marched okay okay uh uh through west Belfast; during the first hunger strike four months earlier the marchers had numbered 10, 000.
3947.txt: The character first appeared in the programme I mean okay uh uh on 7 January 2010, and departed on 8 March 2011.
4718.txt: Tod had dabbled in music while at RISD with okay well uh well the group Dig Dat Hole with future Cop Shoot Cop well um uh well collaborator Phil Puleo and Jon Rose; the band I mean like okay well recorded an album named Kneejerk with Steve Albini, but only test pressings of the album were made.
2473.txt: Konzum operates in Serbia under the 'Idea' brand so um okay um. Idea stores are named Idea Mini, Idea Maxi, Idea Super or Idea Extra according to their sizes.
1018.txt: Established in 1997, on land originally bought from the I mean so like you know Leni Lenape Indians in 1683, the park covers an area like okay okay um of (approx) 50. 6 acres, with a mixture of dirt and wood chipped nature trails.
1212.txt: Giske Bridge was opened in 1987 and had a toll until 2009.
2829.txt: No official track listing has been revealed except for 'Audience I mean uh so uh No. 2', the first single released on I mean okay uh I mean May 21st 2008, along with the instrumental track so you know okay uh 'Fat Kid', and a cover of The Beatles 'Helter Skelter' as b - sides.
2266.txt: It was 'Natyacharya' Padma Shri Māni Mādhava Chākyār, so well um well a visionary and virtuoso of this art took Koothu and well I mean you know well Kudiyattam outside the temples to the common people, who first you know okay um well performed Chakyar Koothu for All India Radio and Doordarshan.
1893.txt: In 2006 Channel 4 produced a TV non-fictional so okay okay you know drama based loosely on the riots from the perspective of an Asian family.
150.txt: According to Brooks, Henley was 'especially sadistic' in like I mean uh um his participation in the murders committed at 925 Schuler: um well um well before Corll vacated the address on June 26, Henley assisted Corll and Brooks uh I mean I mean okay in the abduction and murder of two youths named Billy Baulch and Johnny Delone.
2407.txt: Julie Gold is originally from Philadelphia; she graduated from um okay so so the Philadelphia High School for Girls in 1974 and from um I mean well uh 1990 to 1994, she was a member of Four Bitchin' you know um I mean okay Babes, along with Christine Lavin, Megon McDonough, and Sally Fingerett.
1079.txt: Folded leaves offer less exposure to sunlight, so they are heated you know you know well you know less thus reducing evaporation and conserving the remaining water in you know I mean well I mean the plant and occur on the leaves of many monocotyledons but are probably best known in grasses.
2424.txt: KanJam was created in the 1980s by Charles Sciandra and well uh um uh Paul Swisher in Buffalo, New York, originally being called 'Trash Can Frisbee'.
4735.txt: Tommy Michael Smyth (pronounced Smith) (born in Knockbridge, County uh uh you know well Louth, Republic of Ireland) is a leprechaun for ESPN, which he joined in February 1993 as a football analyst.
4046.txt: The film received highly positive reviews from critics and audiences, like okay uh like is the best - reviewed film in the 'X-Men' series and like uh uh um was considered by some as one of the best superhero films of all time.
995.txt: Elements of 'Dust My Broom' have been traced back you know okay you know so to several earlier blues songs and it has been suggested like okay you know um that Robert Johnson may have begun developing his version as early as 1933.
2901.txt: On August 2, 1999, Charles Moose became the okay you know so um 15th Montgomery County (MD) Police Chief and was in charge of the Beltway Sniper investigation.
2919.txt: On March 1, the Blackhawks played in their 2nd you know um uh uh outdoor game in franchise history at Soldier Field in part of the new NHL Stadium Series.
3938.txt: The car's name is a reference to the General uh um so so Robert E. Lee and it bears a Confederate flag like okay so like on its roof, and also has a horn which plays the first twelve notes of the song 'Dixie'.
1474.txt: He reprises his role in 'The Umbrella Chronicles', where the events uh uh um like of 'Resident Evil 3' are revisited in the uh so well you know 'Raccoon's Destruction' scenario, in which Carlos is a playable character alongside Jill Valentine.
989.txt: Egypt 1999, Portugal 2003, Tunisia 2005 and in 2009 made like okay so um a return to International Handball with four appearances for Australia uh well well okay at the Croatia 2009, where he was also the assistant coach of the team.
4336.txt: The school has about 30 children with the last so uh well you know name Bartlett (2009) and the town has a pub, you know I mean like um a general store and a post office as well as an oval and a swimming pool.
4220.txt: The newspaper, first published in 1829, was purchased in 1996 by the A. H. Belo Corporation.
3509.txt: Steve Ogden, the Bryan Republican who was elected in 1996 you know so so so to Moore's former seat and still serves in the chamber, um you know um I mean called Moore' one of the giants of Texas politics who built uh well um so many of the things we take for granted today.
493.txt: At the election, Chris delivers a silly speech, but after the you know you know well okay votes are tallied, Chris unexpectedly wins the election, much to the surprise of Lois, Brian, and Stewie.
2051.txt: In recent years, however, the Rama population has increased um you know like you know to around 2, 000 individuals, with a majority of okay well I mean well the population living on the island of Rama Cay, which is located in the Bluefields Lagoon.
4978.txt: Years later, the two bears are living in harmony with um uh like well their nephew when an earthquake strikes their home, forcing them to seek shelter underground.
153.txt: According to Oswald, he met with four more Soviet officials so well um like that same day, who asked if he wanted to return to um um like I mean the United States; he insisted to them that I mean you know okay well he wanted to live in the Soviet Union as a Soviet national.
2176.txt: It contains more extras than the previously released US okay okay I mean okay set, This remastered set was released in Region 1 on March 3 2009.
4548.txt: These only operate on arterial routes, therefore do you know so uh I mean not serve the city extensively, with most routes within Edinburgh are operated by Lothian Buses.
2522.txt: Leaving school, Scaggs briefly joined the burgeoning rhythm and I mean so so uh blues scene in London, then traveled on to Sweden as a you know well um uh solo performer, and in 1965 recorded his solo debut album, 'Boz', which failed commercially.
4253.txt: The original chancel was a small timber one, but it has undergone many revisions since.
1228.txt: Graduated in architecture from the University of Science and Technology okay okay you know you know in Tehran in 1986, Tahmineh Milani started movie like so uh well directing with Children of Divorce in 1989, after some experience as an assistant director.
2178.txt: It covered, along the boulevards des Maréchaux (Boulevards of I mean well so you know the Marshals) of today, and a glacis extending to the location of today's Boulevard Périphérique.
1083.txt: Following her death, John Say married secondly as her third like um you know um husband, Agnes Danvers, and died five years later on 12 April 1478.
2870.txt: On 1 May 1942 she was assigned okay um uh like to the '9th U-boat Flotilla' and spent the rest of her career with that unit.
4465.txt: The vote was 3 - 2 in favor of excluding uh uh um okay the pledge; quoted members said they found the 'under God' okay uh uh um portion of the pledge 'offensive' because it violated the doctrine of separation of church and state.
4483.txt: The youngster made great strides in the 2008/09 season making so um so I mean a total of seven appearances in his first season as like you know you know you know a professional, making his debut as a substitute for Orient well like I mean I mean in a home game against Doncaster Rovers on 19 April 2008.
3793.txt: The Navy befriends the ninjas and the ninjas then disappear with the help of smoke bombs.
3693.txt: The Diseases Database is based around a collection of okay okay you know I mean about 8, 500 concepts, called 'items', related to human I mean okay um you know medicine including diseases, drugs, symptoms, physical signs and abnormal laboratory results.
3991.txt: The crooked man is reputed to be the Scottish General Sir okay uh I mean okay Alexander Leslie, who signed a covenant securing religious and political freedom for Scotland.
4186.txt: The median income for a household in the you know well um uh city is $ 29, 750, and the median income for a family is $ 35, 313.
4382.txt: The software was developed by two brothers, Paul like uh I mean um and David King after experiencing similar frustrations while okay uh okay I mean working freelance; the brothers wanted a software that would let like so you know I mean them track their time, money and business miles in a single location.
1104.txt: For example, some green sulphur bacteria capture geothermal um I mean um um light for anoxygenic photosynthesis where half of the amount uh uh so well of geothermal heat is caused by the alpha decay of uranium and thorium within Earth's crust.
570.txt: Beth McCarthy or Beth McCarthy - Miller (born I mean well like um September 3, 1963 in Elizabeth, New Jersey) was the director of NBCs 'Saturday Night Live' for eleven years.
3035.txt: Part of the evolution of Art Nouveau was the I mean I mean okay you know 'Exposition Universelle' of 1900 in Paris, which presented an overview of the 'modern style' in every medium.
2141.txt: Initially known as the Focal Point Media Center, as part you know I mean well okay of the AND / OR Gallery in Seattle, the center um uh okay I mean began with the help of Anne Focke, Heather Dew Oaksen, Jill Medvedow and Nori Sato.
4190.txt: The men of Traphill often formed bands of raiders which okay like so well attacked local pro-Confederate citizens and hid escaped deserters from the so like so um Confederate Army and escaped Union POWs from nearby prisoner - of - war camps.
3084.txt: Pomade is a greasy or waxy substance that makes hair look slick and shiny.
1363.txt: He has attracted attention for his work writing and directing 'Secondhand well um so okay Lions', and wrote the screenplays for 'The Iron Giant' and 'Dennis the Menace Strikes Again!'.
3524.txt: Stutz, a 5 '10' guard - forward from Worcester, Massachusetts, I mean well okay I mean attended the University of Rhode Island and Stutz played uh well um well three seasons (1946 -- 1949) in the Basketball Association of so I mean I mean you know America as a member of the New York Knicks and Baltimore Bullets.
4916.txt: While the situation in the Philippines became desperate the like okay okay well three ships were forced to stop in Los Angeles for uh so you know uh repair and on 13 April General MacArthur uh I mean so so reported blockade running was 'useless,' but the War Department decided to make the attempt.
4228.txt: The now armorless Collabos is used by Taiga you know um I mean um as bait to lure Ex-Aid and Brave, in which Snipe so okay you know well later released the Bugster to distract Ex-Aid before destroying it with Jet Critical Strike.
4159.txt: The line from Preston to Bamber Bridge via Todd well um so I mean Lane remained open for freight trains until 1972 to serve Lostock Hall Gas Works.
915.txt: Due to my involvement in the yachting industry, I am so I mean um okay quite knowledgeable in assisting in this industry as well as most other marine related information.
1868.txt: In 1999, they ventured into the U. S. With um uh I mean um the purchase of the money - losing, $ 300 like um you know okay million in sales, Minnesota - based Snyders Drug Store chain; you know uh so like in 2001, they purchased the U. S. - based Drug Emporium big - box discount chain.
3993.txt: The current Chief of Police is Thomas E well like well well. Smith, who was sworn in on June 15th um you know um um 2010, succeeding John M. Harrington, who had been the department's chief since 2004.
1707.txt: However, he was unsuccessful and was out hit wicket for 184, having batted for 413 minutes and hit 19 fours.
4968.txt: Worton is a village in Wensleydale in the Yorkshire Dales in okay um okay like the Richmondshire district of North Yorkshire south of Bainbridge and Askrigg on the A684 road.
4760.txt: Two Wehrmacht officers and a small group of soldiers you know I mean okay uh positioned machine guns in the towers of Schloss Allner you know well well um and opened fire on the Americans as they launched boats into the river.
4215.txt: The new bridge, owned by TransLink, will span one kilometre, have I mean like like so a clearance of 40 metres and create 13 kilometres of new road.
4823.txt: Van Halen bought the Frankenstrat's ash body and maple neck I mean you know um um for $ 130 from Wayne Charvel and Lynn Ellsworth, who sold Boogie Body bodies and necks.
3259.txt: Sarah has a heart - to - heart with I mean like uh um Dolly, and acknowledges that her ex is now like well uh you know with a woman fifteen years younger than her with a well uh so well baby on the way, after never being ready to have children with Sarah.
3438.txt: Sir John Hawker English, M. D. (1788 -- 1840), entered I mean uh I mean like the employment of the king of Sweden as surgeon, and became surgeon - in - chief to the Swedish army.
2664.txt: Matthew Joseph Cohen (born September 28, 1982) is an American um I mean uh so film and television actor best known for playing Aiden Dennison on the teen drama 'South of Nowhere'.
44.txt: 'Yana Yana' (in Arabic يانا يانا) is a famous Arabic I mean uh so uh language song in Egyptian Arabic by the Lebanese uh you know so like pan-Arab singer Sabah lyrics written by Morsy Jamil Aziz and music by Baligh Hamdi.
2123.txt: Included in this forecast was another revision in okay well I mean I mean the projected revenue from charitable gambling sources, from um okay well well the previous estimate of $ 16 million, down to $ 1 you know so I mean um. 7 million, a further 90 % reduction in the estimate for 2013 revenue.
1197.txt: George Lewis Ruffin (16 December 1834 - 19 November um so well uh 1886) was the first African - American to graduate well so um I mean from Harvard Law School in 1869, and the first African American to serve on the Boston City Council.
732.txt: Charlie and Leatherface take the Sheriff's body home okay uh uh I mean and butcher him for stew meat, telling the rest um um uh I mean of the family that they will not leave and with okay okay um uh 'good people like the sheriff here' they'll never go hungry again.
4891.txt: When the program was revived in 1982, the school did I mean okay well uh not have a large budget and coach Erk Russell ordered okay so um uh solid blue helmets and asked the players to put a white strip of tape down the middle.
4908.txt: While in service to the government, he studied at like you know okay like Oxford University in 1957 -- 1958 and completed a Master of Public Administration at Harvard University in 1964.
2013.txt: In coming weeks, seeking to distance himself from his daughter's like I mean you know I mean legal problems and bad publicity, jockey Santos was represented so I mean so like by two lawyers who told the Mineola court he could not post bail for his daughter.
931.txt: During his 19 - year (1983 -- 2001) like I mean well so playing career, he threw and batted right - handed, stood tall and weighed.
1926.txt: In April 2013, it was revealed he was okay um you know well not short - listed for the top job but applied uh I mean so um after he received a phone call from Prime Minister John Key; the two have known each other since childhood.
1982.txt: In September 'Richmond' came to the assistance of the Turks okay okay okay you know and Caicos Islands when the region was struck by Hurricane Frances um well okay like though fortunately the Turks and Caicos Islands suffered only minimal damage to buildings.
1127.txt: Four months later, Gilberto Rodríguez was recaptured by Colombian uh um well okay authorities in Cali during March 2004, accused of having okay you know like I mean shipped 150 kilograms of cocaine to the US in I mean so um uh 1990, a crime which he had not previously confessed and therefore allowed for his new arrest.
3800.txt: The Ocean Observatories Initiative (OOI), a project funded by you know so like okay the National Science Foundation (NSF), will deliver data and you know well uh well data products for a 25 - year - plus like so um you know time period within an expandable architecture that can meet emerging technical advances in ocean science.
2961.txt: One of her most notable projects was Tutti, a uh so uh okay restaurant in downtown Lafayette that was an upstairs dining room for adults and a downstairs playroom for children.
4399.txt: The stadium has hosted 10 ODI matches, the first one was okay you know uh um played between India and West Indies on 22 January 1988.
4811.txt: Using infected puppies as bait, the plan seemed work for like well okay um a while, resulting in a mass exodus of mutant rats to the surface to die.
4389.txt: The song sold over 100, 000 copies alone you know well okay you know in the southern states and then Cash began to okay I mean I mean so tour with Elvis Presley (among other artists from the record business) soon after it's release.
2684.txt: Membership is not necessarily voluntary, as it may be effectively required like uh like like in order to work, which is why some people use the okay like um okay term common - interest association to describe groups which you know um well well form out of a common interest although this term is not widely used or understood.
2413.txt: Jung - Mo Lee (Hangul: 이정모; born March 26, 1944) uh well I mean like is a Korean cognitive psychologist and cognitive scientist studying language, human memory, history of psychology, and foundations of Cognitive Science.
359.txt: An update to this report was released in November 2010 I mean okay I mean like which outlined many new developments, including the impact of 2009 post-election violence and continuing tensions surrounding the Iranian nuclear program.
2739.txt: Morality ( from the Latin 'manner, character, proper behavior' like um uh so ) is the differentiation of intentions, decisions, and actions between like uh um well those that are distinguished as proper and those that are improper.
2615.txt: Manaphy is available to a player of 'Pokémon Diamond' or 'Pokémon okay you know okay well Pearl' as soon as the player has gained access to uh so like uh the Jubilife TV Station, assuming that the player has fulfilled all the requirements for the Manaphy egg in Pokémon Ranger.
1995.txt: In addition to his military service, due to the well well well okay influence of the 2nd Duke of Newcastle, he was so uh well like a Member of Parliament and was named Governor of Gibraltar, but died before assuming the post.
3649.txt: The British discovered Pau and its climate and left their uh I mean okay um imprint, partly because Wellington left a garrison there in 1814 after um I mean so well defeating Marshal Soult at Orthez (some 40 km to you know well so uh the NW) on his way into France from Spain towards the end of the Peninsular War.
472.txt: At 6 '6', 273 lbs, Brooks led the 1984 team with I mean okay I mean like six sacks and 13 tackles for loss, and he was selected um okay I mean um for the second consecutive year as an All - Big Ten player.
4328.txt: The role is defined in standard forms of contract such as uh like well uh those published by the Joint Contracts Tribunal. Clerks of so I mean you know like Works are also the most highly qualified non-commissioned tradesmen in the Royal Engineers.
1110.txt: For the next several months, 'Drum' operated in her local um okay so so homeport operating areas before her next WESTPAC deployment in October, which included visits to Guam and the Philippines.
2918.txt: On March 1, 2007, he was released one I mean okay like you know year after he signed a four - year, $ 14 million contract.
1731.txt: Huber retired as president of the Carpenters at the end you know like okay I mean of his term in 1912, and was succeeded by James Kirby.
2320.txt: Its origins can be traced back to the 17th so okay you know okay century, when the Habsburg duchy of Carniola was divided into three so um uh well administrative districts, given by the scholar Johann Weikhard okay uh so so von Valvasor in his 1689 work 'The Glory of the Duchy of Carniola'.
1060.txt: Father Reder, a priest summoned by a nurse arrives I mean I mean okay so to give the patient the last rites, but Bernhardi refuses I mean like you know uh him admission wishing to spare her the anguish she so you know you know you know would suffer were she to realize that she is about to die.
231.txt: After missing the playoffs for two straight so I mean uh well seasons, the Cavaliers got off to a strong start winning I mean like I mean well their first four games on their way to a solid 15 -- 7 start.
4101.txt: The girls share their first kiss while in the like um you know you know water, bikini - clad, resulting in the two girls having sex for the first time, later that night, in Tamsin's bed.
1704.txt: However, established New England political interests feared the growth I mean um okay I mean of the West and a majority in the Federalist Party opposed the purchase.
2350.txt: Jason A. Heyward (born August 9, 1989 in Ridgewood, New I mean uh okay I mean Jersey) nicknamed 'J - Hey' is a Major League Baseball right fielder for the Atlanta Braves.
3674.txt: The College is also one of the largest providers um um so okay of workforce training, adult literacy programs, and non-credit classes uh I mean like so in a four - county region and the only community college in Pennsylvania to offer on - campus housing.
498.txt: At the start of the Second Sino - Japanese so you know I mean you know War in 1937, Japanese troops overran the salterns in North China uh you know uh like and soon more than half the salt revenue was well uh well well either not collected, kept by needy local governments, or taken by the Japanese.
3824.txt: The Royals became the first team since the Oakland uh so well like Athletics in 1989 to win the World Series after okay I mean like okay losing in the previous year, and the second consecutive year the World Series was won on the road.
3538.txt: Suresh Pachouri entered Politics as an Indian Youth you know uh uh like Congress worker in the early Seventies and became General Secretary of well you know okay okay the Madhya Pradesh Youth Congress (I) from 1981 - 83.
1273.txt: Hanlon was born in Bristol and grew up on the Dorset coast.
530.txt: Basic Combat Training (BCT) consists of the first um um um well ten weeks of the total Basic Training period, and well so you know I mean is identical for all Army, Army Reserve, and Army National Guard recruits.
3803.txt: The OnePlus One has received a positive reception, although the I mean you know okay so original distribution via an invite - only order system made it hard for reviewers to recommend.
1722.txt: However, the battle does not end here; all the power well like well I mean spheres combine to create one final War God who seems unstoppable.
3747.txt: The Japanese bonsai are meant to evoke the essential spirit you know I mean okay so of the plant being used: in all cases, they must look natural and never show the intervention of human hands.
888.txt: Dolphin hunting largely ceased after 1980, partly because the so like I mean I mean protest caused some embarrassment to Japan, but perhaps I mean well well um also because dolphins stopped showing up in great numbers off Iki.
2736.txt: Monsoor was awarded the Silver Star for this action and well I mean okay um was also awarded the Bronze Star for his service in Iraq.
1357.txt: He had one further spell in employment outside of Westminster okay I mean okay so politics when he lost office in 1992, as the Development Manager of ATB - Landbase Cymru from 1993 to 1997.
2081.txt: In the South German dialects (bairisch), 'dirndl' originally referred to well uh okay okay a young woman or a girl, and 'dirndlkleid' to the dress.
2618.txt: Mangalore has the highest literacy rate in Karnataka well like I mean I mean with 94. 03 % significantly higher than the national average of 59. 5 per cent.
4271.txt: The physicians were required to examine the victim like well so I mean before the punishment and to remain throughout, in general though, well I mean okay okay physicians never actually examined the victims and never objected to the punishments.
4095.txt: The fruit is also known as 'Baby Mandarin', 'Tiny so so so like Tangerine' and 'Mini Mandarin', all are given names of the same species and hail from the same unique geographical area.
1133.txt: Franklin County is a county located in the U. S. State okay I mean uh so of Illinois, in the southern portion known locally as 'Little Egypt'.
2164.txt: It began as a research study in 1985, the study was funded by the Winston - Salem Foundation.
3302.txt: Several poets felt a kinship between writing poems and I mean you know okay you know painting, and the abstracts spun a variety of responses: divination of personal relationships, glimpsed mythical forces, laughter, even Oscar Wilde.
3761.txt: The Leyland Tiger Cub (coded as PSUC1) was a well like uh well lightweight underfloor - engined chassis built by Leyland Motors between 1951 okay you know you know like and 1970, most as 44 -- or 45 - seat buses, with a smaller number as coaches.
634.txt: Bridgman's first assignment in aviation was in 1913 when he was okay well uh uh age 18 and one of his drawings was used to illustrate the Hendon Air Race program.
4333.txt: The sandwich is not vegan, as it has dairy so I mean so you know components, and is one of BK's health conscious oriented menu items.
4434.txt: The title track was also recorded in the sessions for I mean I mean I mean um this album, but was left unreleased until its appearance on their next album, 'Physical Graffiti'.
4535.txt: There was an uneasy calm built during the two well so I mean I mean years of emergency but the discontent lead to a wave like you know well um in favour of Janata party which swept the Congress out of power in 1977.
4008.txt: The draft has not resolved such contradictions and most likely I mean okay like well NEVER WILL as it's an informal (unresolved) term you know I mean so you know that has fallen out of favour with academics, well you know well so and apart from that no one is working on the draft.
2458.txt: Kimberlé Williams Crenshaw (born 1959) is an American civil I mean okay well um rights advocate, scholar in the field of critical race theory, and uh so so I mean a professor at UCLA School of Law and Columbia Law School, where she specializes in race and gender issues.
2393.txt: Joseph Aston (1762 -- 19 October 1844) was an English journalist, dramatist, okay I mean okay well and miscellaneous writer, born in 1762, the son of William Aston, gunsmith, of Deansgate, in Manchester.
4828.txt: Various local media reports claim that the school management so uh well so had destroyed or atleast tried to hide the evidence okay like well uh before the police arrived and they alleged that fellow students were you know so I mean I mean asked to wash spilled blood and other evidence so that the fingerprint and other marks could not be identified.
2999.txt: Ouma Rusks ( - literally 'Grandmother's Rusks' ) um you know uh okay are a well known South African brand of rusks like like okay well - a traditional South African snack that is dipped in coffee or tea before being eaten.
653.txt: But, in a reversal of policy in 1877, General Oliver uh um um so O. Howard threatened to attack if the Indians did not so so uh okay relocate to an Idaho reservation that was only a small fraction of their original territory.
3891.txt: The actual vector of a plate's motion is a I mean uh um okay function of all the forces acting on the plate; I mean um um well however, therein remains the problem regarding what degree each process contributes to the motion of each tectonic plate.
1230.txt: Graham Jones is a Welsh professional rugby league footballer who played you know I mean I mean like in the 1950s, playing at representative level for Wales, and at uh uh okay so club level for Salford, as a, i. E. Number 6.
3867.txt: The United States presidential election of 1876 was the 23rd quadrennial presidential election, held on Tuesday, November 7, 1876.
123.txt: A total of 25 North Pacific Giant Octopuses were captured that day, ranging in weight from 4 to 57 pounds.
4207.txt: The name 'Sioux' was adopted in English by the 1760s uh um like so from French, where the name is first attested by Jean Nicolet in 1640.
86.txt: A large guerrilla force was able to trap and cut off um you know um um the column of armoured cars in the valley; I mean like like like over 30 Elands were captured during the failed offensive and some were destroyed.
1843.txt: In 1982, Prater started touring with Sam Daniels, billed as Sam & Dave.
2002.txt: In an effort to embarrass his uncle, Joffrey departs with well like you know okay the stepstool Tyrion was to use to cloak Sansa um you know um um with the Lannister colors; however Tyrion gets Sansa to kneel, and they are soon after married.
1334.txt: He died in Monmouth, Illinois on July 19, 1874, and was interred in Monmouth Cemetery.
3837.txt: The Slavic people were simply considered uncultured and I mean um uh okay inferior by the Nazis, the Nazis feared the fertility I mean so like like of the Slavs and called for a depopulation policy towards them.
4962.txt: Women studying bookkeeping were allowed to study with the men so I mean you know so in the Bookkeeping Department, while other women could enroll um like you know like in the Ladies Department, which offered instruction in penmanship, Belles - lettres, drawing, and French.
716.txt: Cecil Rhodes King (January 13, 1898 - March 17, 1974) was an like I mean I mean you know American businessperson and politician. The Democrat King served as the uh well uh uh first United States Representative from California's 17th congressional district for fourteen terms, serving from August 1942 to January 1969.
2516.txt: Later on, more bus lines were added to the Bus okay you know like so Station, a transport congestion started forming in the station, okay so uh well and as a result bus stations started spreading towards the you know um well um surrounding streets of the station's building and the area became a busy transportation center.
2255.txt: It participates in lectures and other projects with the I mean well okay I mean local university and the local authority, and among its members are guides in thelocal IGY groups.
379.txt: Another Roman Catholic bishop, Anton Stefanov, calls Arbanasi in I mean uh well you know 1685 a village of Greeks and Albanians which ranks like you know um so first in Dacia, and there were local merchants in Italy, Hungary, Poland and particularly in Muscovy.
457.txt: As the only ethnic Chinese peer in The House well uh like I mean of Lords, Lord Wei also takes an interest in British okay um I mean uh Chinese community issues, particularly in social reform and also economic, cultural and cultural ties between the UK and China.
3409.txt: Simon is an extremely successful freestyle skier who is constantly uh like you know um innovating the sport as well as winning a total of 2 Gold Medals in the Winter X-games.
3999.txt: The day after Feltre, 20 July, Mussolini met Ambrosio twice, and you know I mean so okay the second time he told him that he had okay like well okay decided to write to Hitler to ask him to exit the alliance.
468.txt: At 06: 22 the aircraft crashed into the ground on um I mean um well the outskirts of Dürrenäsch, approximately 35 km from Zürich / Kloten Airport.
4515.txt: There are usually bus services such as the okay okay okay um Kopaja buses and the more sophisticated TransJakarta bus rapid you know um okay you know transit which is the longest bus rapid transit system in the well well so okay world, boasting some in 13 corridors and 10 cross-corridor routes and carrying 430, 000 passengers daily in 2016.
1514.txt: He was a highly intelligent student with a deep interest okay like okay uh in social justice and a gifted linguist from an early age, so okay like okay he learned to speak perfect French and then German and Spanish.
2710.txt: Miller lived in Ohio before moving to Milwaukee, Wisconsin, you know uh so um and he describes himself as a 'Plenipotentiary - Judge', an ambassador, banker, postmaster, Miller, David Wynn.
720.txt: Cell 95: 839 - 846 The protein is you know I mean okay um largely localized to small cytoplasmic vesicles between the I mean you know uh well flagellar pocket and the nucleus and binds to ApoL1 using a uh well so so coiled -- coiled interaction at the ApoL1 SRA interacting domain while within the trypanosome lysosome.
4585.txt: They have performed with Mos Def, Aquilla Sadalla, Phil Cohran and at the North Sea Jazz Festival.
3857.txt: The Town of Tchula is served by the Holmes County so so okay uh School DistrictTheir Schools are S. V. Marshall High and Elementary And Milston Middle.
3384.txt: She was born born on March 4, 1921 in okay uh like um Pirituba principality of São Gonçalo do Amarante and died like I mean so uh from a heart attack at the age of 91 on March 27, 2012 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
3856.txt: The Town of Homer was established when Onondaga County I mean like um okay was formed in 1794 before Cortland County was formed from Onondaga County.
4241.txt: The operation failed to achieve its objectives by the end of okay so um okay 25 June and the 49th Division continued the attack southwards until okay like you know well 1 July, when the division saw off a strong attack by elements of 2nd SS Panzer Division Das Reich.
134.txt: A woman named Jan Snyder a block away reported hearing um well I mean well a car outside her window with a loud backfiring muffler.
4856.txt: Watts was born in Stuttgart, Baden - well okay so okay Württemberg, the only child of Christiane and Charles Alphonso Watts; like so well well his mother is French and his father is African - American.
2276.txt: It was built in 1906 and designed by Frederick Walters and is a Grade II listed building.
2367.txt: Jimmy Ruffin was born in Collinsville, Mississippi, and was approaching his fifth birthday when his brother David was born.
4468.txt: The water initially flows in two paths before joining so uh um like up and passing under Kentish Town and Kings Cross, so um well okay running down Farringdon Street, and joining the Thames beneath Blackfriars Bridge.
4901.txt: While Osorkon II's precise reign length is unknown, some Egyptologists um um okay well such as Von Beckerath -- in his 1997 book Chronology of uh I mean so um the Egyptian Pharaohs -- and Aidan Dodson have suggested a range of between 38 to 39 years.
568.txt: Bernie 'B - Man' Mangiboyat is a bass player and founding member for the rock group The Fifth.
3078.txt: Pierre Deland was born the child of well so like uh Jean Pierre Deland, violinist of the royal chapell; his grandfather you know you know like okay Louis Antoine Deland was from Luxemburg, originally har dresser like well you know like of the queen, and his oncle, Louis Deland, was the master of the Royal Swedish Ballet.
3234.txt: Ryrie's health failed rapidly during his last days, falling unconscious and so okay uh uh dying at 1: 30 a. M. On 22 February, aged 63.
2701.txt: Michael says the only wealth in this world is children, and, I mean I mean I mean uh caring for his children's welfare, permits Kay to educate them although she has kept them from their father.
3161.txt: Referred in the media as the Prince of Tollywood, well uh um I mean he is one of the most popular and influential actors you know um you know well of Telugu cinema, and is described as the superstar of Telugu cinema by the audience.
578.txt: Bigham was awarded the Bank of America Neighborhood Hero I mean uh okay um Award for the prom as well as the Bob Speltzer like I mean you know you know Community Service Award by the Q Center for like um so well his work on LGBT issues and the Community Hero Award okay uh like okay in Education from PHAME for his work with the special needs population.
276.txt: Aided by Wild Child, their plan consisted of I mean uh I mean so dropping Logan into molten steel, however as Wild Child well like well uh was preparing to finish the job, Omega Red interrupted him.
2061.txt: In the 1600s, a french pirate, Jambe de Bois, used pigeon uh like you know I mean Island as his base, he forged an agreement with the Caribs, so that they would not attack his ship.
2462.txt: Kjell Stefan Löfvén (; born 21 July so okay uh uh 1957 ) is a Swedish politician who has been Prime Minister of Sweden since 3 October 2014.
4366.txt: The show also depicts the interactions between Tia, her uh like well like daughters, (Tania and Mariah) and twin sons ( Kanani well you know well like and Keli'i ) all four who help run the center so uh like okay. , and Villalobos' staff of volunteers and employees, many of whom are the eponymous parolees.
1539.txt: He was educated at Kunstakademie Düsseldorf during the 1960's and curently lives in Aurdal in Valdres.
959.txt: During the siege the army of Barbarossa suffered heavy losses like well so uh due Sarmiento's men stubborn resistance, but Castelnuovo eventually like like so um fell in Ottoman hands and almost all the Spanish defenders, including Sarmiento, were killed.
3777.txt: The Marine Corps will lead an investigation into the okay um well um incident, which will include salvaging the fuselages of the two well um uh like helicopters, which were located approximately two miles off shore, under 325 feet of water.
3526.txt: Subsequently, the KKK attempts to plant a bomb beneath I mean well like like Jake's porch, leading him to send his wife and um uh so like daughter out of town until the trial is over.
1585.txt: Henry and Hugh Mór battled for supremacy over two you know you know like um decades, and Henry was subject to long imprisonment so well I mean so by Hugh; but after Henry's son married Hugh's daughter he fought for Hugh during the Nine Years' War.
3898.txt: The album features the lead single 'Hollywood's Not you know okay okay you know America, 'which was featured as the' exit song 'during the seventh well uh well well season of the American reality series' American Idol', giving Ferras a moderate amount of exposure and publicity for the song.
4148.txt: The last power - up for Judge is unknown; well I mean so um perhaps a Solar - Aura to take control over the planet.
3138.txt: Rachel has the power of telekinesis, she enters the door and it shuts itself behind her.
3327.txt: She certainly married Sir William at Bradgate but that in like like well so itself does not prove that Bess was in service at I mean I mean uh like Bradgate and it remains possible that she met Sir William elsewhere, possibly at Codnor.
4579.txt: They drink together, and she tells him of her parents' I mean well you know I mean death in a drunk driving accident, which her sister witnessed, but Sara did not.
825.txt: Dalton Maldonado (born October 20, 1995) is an American high school okay well uh like basketball player, and in 2015 was featured as one of I mean I mean um I mean the most influential people in the LGBT community by the magazine 'Out'.
1144.txt: From 0 to 100 km / h will be well so I mean okay given as 5. 6 seconds and maximum speed reaches so okay well okay 265 km / h. Only five Tatra MTX V8s were ever built.
1121.txt: Fort Mackay / Horizon Airport is an airfield built to so okay um well service the Horizon Oil Sands project of Canadian Natural um uh I mean okay Resources Ltd. (CNQ - NYSE / TSX), and is built and certified for aircraft up to and including B737.
1092.txt: Following this, in 1961 the Empire closed for extensive internal uh so um okay reconstruction to a design by Architect George Coles; almost you know like I mean I mean all the original ornate plasterwork was removed with only two small sections remaining, hidden behind false walls and ceilings.
4863.txt: West Oxford's locomotive depot was closed, and on 9 okay you know well so February 1931 the branch became goods only and the link from the Eyreton Branch was closed.
4334.txt: The scene is live performance based, and large reggae festivals okay like okay well occur annually in Raglan and Kaikoura, and local reggae artists are an intergral part of the live music scene.
1724.txt: However, the return of Goulding meant Briers was dropped you know so you know you know to the reserves, missing out on an appearance in the okay um so like final & Warrington Wolves stepped in to secure his signature in a £ 65, 000 move.
3530.txt: Suffering from an illness, he took refuge with the king's brother so I mean you know okay Gusulf, where he noted that Abbas did not I mean like um okay ask for the usual bottle of urine, and well like like um the doctor who came to examine him was inexperienced.
904.txt: Dr. Stonehill is a composite of the many great scientists I mean well you know uh and researchers that Crowley worked with over the years, among them Dr. William Canfield and Dr. Yuan - Tsong Chen.
3365.txt: She resembles her comic incarnation, just apparently younger you know you know I mean uh with a cat mask, which is the only part of her I mean so well well visible when she turns invisible, much like the Cheshire Cat in 'Alice In Wonderland'.
4393.txt: The southern facing panels are photovoltaic trackers and are highly you know okay you know you know efficient, generating thirty percent more energy than panels that do not move.
198.txt: After a few months, Khushi and Arnav fall in love with okay um so you know each other again and after an argument, Arnav decides to go on a trip overseas but manages to get kidnapped.
2748.txt: Most disk partitioning schemes are designed to have files occupy uh so you know well a multiple of sectors regardless of the file's actual size um you know you know um files that do not fill a whole sector will have the remainder of their last sector filled with zeroes.
1443.txt: He met his wife in Dalian and his girlfriend well um you know you know was a student of the Hong Kong Institute of Education when he was playing for Citizen and South China.
4314.txt: The raw clay is mined from a vein that okay um um well the artisans say is chemically unique but at current rates of exploitation this vein may be exhausted in about fifty years.
1997.txt: In addition to the seven individual event winners, there is okay so like like also an overall champion titled the All - Around Cowboy, uh so okay I mean all eight winners receive the National Circuit Championship gold belt - buckle.
614.txt: Born in the village of Uhryniv Staryi, in the uh um I mean well Kalush District of Galiсia, then part of the Austro - uh okay well so Hungarian Empire, in present day Ukraine, Stepan's father, Andriy well okay like like Bandera, was the Greek - Catholic rite parish priest of Uhryniv Staryi.
4802.txt: Unsold stock was apparently finally cleared from the Hatfield well uh okay uh warehouse during 1988, the US Lone Star expert Dallas. J uh um I mean like. Mallerich was apparently offered any remaining OOO railway stock but the price quoted was too high.
4737.txt: Tomáš Holý (born 10 December 1991) is a um uh uh um professional Czech football goalkeeper currently playing for Gillingham after signing well um you know okay a two and a half year contract on 20 January 2017.
4295.txt: The previous voyages had been in search of the mythical Strait you know so like like of Anián and the Island of California, which according to like well so so a previously published romance novel in Spain, was well uh like like supposedly a terrestrial paradise populated only by dark - skinned women.
2430.txt: Kate eventually strengthened to a strong Category 3 hurricane on like so like well October 4 and slipped southeast of Newfoundland while a Category 1 hurricane.
487.txt: At the age of 100, he was one of the oldest Catholic you know uh okay uh bishops; he still lives in Amboina, one of the Moluccan islands in Indonesia.
636.txt: Brooke Gabrielle Fraser Ligertwood, better known as Brooke like I mean okay I mean Fraser (born 15 December 1983), is a New uh you know so um Zealand musician best known for her third studio album 'Flags', and hit single 'Something in the Water'.
3627.txt: The Amsterdam Mohawks are a collegiate summer baseball team based well so uh like in Amsterdam, New York and play in the Perfect Game Collegiate Baseball League.
3559.txt: Tarek Al Ali (born 6 February 1986) is a um I mean okay well Lebanese footballer who plays for Al - Mabarrah in Lebanon.
2988.txt: Originating from Athens, Greece, Angelos Derlopas has won some good like you know you know okay reviews on GodsOfMusic. Com, on listen. Com and has earned I mean I mean um so distinctive spots on various site charts like mp3. Com, uh uh okay I mean gained a profitable orbit on mp3. Com and was nominated for a movie soundtrack on flicker. Com with 'Insalubrious'.
315.txt: Altamira Press, 2002 The status of women in pre-Columbian you know um well so Maya society can be inferred only from their elaborate burial sMaya so um okay I mean societies include Toniná, a city which became matrilineal after the death of the powerful leader, Lady K’awil.
893.txt: Donald Howard, the Baron Strathcona and Mount Royal became its well I mean uh so first honorary president and, upon his death, was succeeded by the okay so okay uh Prince Arthur, the Duke of Connaught and Strathearn, a previous Governor - General of Canada.
2481.txt: Kristopher Michael Pooley (born October 30, 1976) is an uh I mean um so American rock musician from Detroit that is most popular um so so you know for his work with Gwen Stefani as her touring keyboardist, programmer, and musical director.
4216.txt: The new design was used as the basis of so I mean like okay the E class, supplied by Neilson and Company in 1904, and okay well um well in the same year the Central South African Railways introduced the F class, built by the Vulcan Foundry.
519.txt: Back in the schoolroom, Jessamy went to the cupboard to I mean well um like see if Fanny's hat was there, but the door closed so you know you know okay behind her and she found herself back in okay um well so the present, still in her dressing gown, holding the torch.
3688.txt: The Dedham Public School System (Dedham Public Schools) is a you know uh so okay PK -- 12 graded school district in Massachusetts and is the oldest public school system in the country.
3573.txt: Terrestrial orchids have been found to commonly associate with Tulasnellaceae, okay well uh I mean while epiphytic fungi may associate more commonly with limited clades of 'rhizoctonia', a polyphyletic grouping.
2606.txt: Major - General Sir Henry Havelock, KCB (5 uh so okay uh April 1795 -- 24 November 1857) was a you know so uh like British general who is particularly associated with India and his like okay well uh recapture of Cawnpore from rebels during Indian Rebellion of 1857.
15.txt: 'Hotel California' topped the 'Billboard' Hot 100 singles chart for like well like um one week in May 1977 and peaked at number 10 on the Easy Listening chart.
426.txt: As a result, the Devil's Advocate is indefinitely banned from the English Wikipedia.
168.txt: According to this article (see reference) the whole um so uh I mean tour in Australia will approximately earn $ 56 you know well so so million, though, with the addition of extra dates, the um okay so so new Australian leg grossing stands at just over $ 70 million.
4551.txt: These two proposed freeways were planned as toll roads, and uh okay so well in 1962, the New Jersey Expressway Authority Act was signed um you know I mean like into law, creating the New Jersey Expressway Authority that was so you know uh you know to manage both the Atlantic City and Cape May expressways.
3229.txt: Russell is a town of 1, 700 located in southwestern Manitoba, Canada, west of Silver Creek Municipality.
1608.txt: Herpich came up with the idea to replace Ward okay um so well with a futuristic man named Cuber; furthermore, Herpich crafted Cuber's like like okay so dialogue so that it would sound like it was um like like so a 'dialect from thousand of years in the future'.
3135.txt: Rabbi Jose ben Halafta, known for his commentary in the haggadah.
4194.txt: The mission was the longest continuous mission ever attempted by Twentieth Air Force, a distance and a duration of 17 hours.
4232.txt: The office of High Sheriff of Greater London was I mean I mean um you know created in 1965 and covers the ceremonial county of Greater so okay well okay London and does not cover the City of London, which has its own two Sheriffs.
28.txt: 'Paper Plane' is a rock song originally by Status Quo, uh so uh uh which was released as a single in 1972 (reaching uh you know I mean uh number 8 in the UK Singles Chart) and on their album 'Piledriver'.
2201.txt: It is a part of the San Francisco Bay Area. By so so like well 2030 San Ramon will have 81, 700 residents making it 5th largest city in Contra Costa County.
2365.txt: Jill made blueberry BBQ chicken with scalloped carrot and like um okay you know potato, Christina thought that the chicken had well well well I mean unexpectedly great flavor, the gratin was delicious but had too much cream and herbs in it.
2970.txt: One particular defender of the idea of species okay so okay you know selection is S. J. Gould who has proposed the view uh well um um that there exist macroevolutionary processes which shape evolution like you know well well beyond the level of species and are not driven by the microevolutionary mechanisms already characterized by evolutionary biologists.
3859.txt: The Turks were looting and pillaging the countryside, for two years Thrace you know okay uh uh was in the hands of Halil Pasha, the local inhabitants did not cultivate their lands at the time.
2895.txt: On 9 January 2011, at a political meeting at so you know well well the Silver Tassie Hotel, Letterkenny, Blaney disclosed that he and well so so uh his wife had agreed to an amicable separation and I mean you know well I mean that he had moved out of the family home in Rosnakill, Fanad.
2839.txt: Nordenskiöld Land is the warmest and wettest part like like okay well of the archipelago, caused by the convergence of like okay I mean okay mild and humid air from the south and cold air from the north.
3798.txt: The North Eastern Railway (NER), unlike many other uh okay so like of the pre-Grouping companies, had a relatively compact territory, having the district it covered to itself.
1437.txt: He made his film debut in 1935 in 'The Case of okay uh well I mean Gabriel Perry', and spent the remainder of the decade like um like so playing supporting roles in films, often being credited with 'stealing the scene' from the star.
4721.txt: Today, only passenger traffic, uses the remaining tunnels and all 4 modern lines are fully bidirectional.
4063.txt: The first documented use of the term is you know well okay like within a song featuring producer and lyricist Rebel MC, I mean okay like uh in which a sample was taken from a much uh well uh so older dancehall tune containing the lyrics 'Rebel got this chant -' alla the junglists'.
4557.txt: They all share the same chemical composition of AlPO 4 and have okay I mean uh okay framework structures with microporous cavities and the frameworks well uh well okay are made up of alternating AlO 4 and PO 4 tetrahedra.
125.txt: A troll threatened them as they came, one by um um you know um one; the two older ran off, but the youngest you know um well so set out, having asked for food, and when the um well like um troll threatened him, he pulled out some cheese and squeezed it until whey came out.
1675.txt: Hoc is mentioned as the father of Hnæf (d. 450?) um um I mean you know and Hildeburh in the Old English poems 'Beowulf' well uh I mean so and the 'Finnsburg Fragment', but he may be a I mean uh um okay mythical tribal ancestor, because Widsith says that Hnæf ruled over the Hocings.
2825.txt: Niobe is a fictional character from the 'Matrix' film series, portrayed uh like um okay by actor Jada Pinkett Smith, wife of actor Will Smith.
4071.txt: The first season of Sam & Cataired on you know like well I mean Nickelodeon from June 8, 2013 to July 17, 2014. The season introduces, um you know so I mean Jennette McCurdy as Sam Puckett, Ariana Grande as Cat Valentine, and Cameron Ocasio as Dice Corleone.
1404.txt: He is known for his intense, powerful, energetic style and uh um you know um his rendering of pieces of the celebrated Sufi mystic poet Amir Khusro.
436.txt: As evidenced by the book's great popularity, in 1894 the I mean so so um scenario of such an alliance seemed plausible to the British well I mean okay you know public; only four years later, Britain and France were so well you know I mean indeed on the verge of war during the Fashoda Incident.
3835.txt: The Simister Village Community Association formed in uh so well like 2000 is in the process of developing a 10 you know like you know um acre wetland site having already installed stone paths at like okay I mean so a cost of £ 30, 000 funded by grants obtained by the Committee.
4068.txt: The first offshore wind farm was installed in Denmark like you know well so in 1991, and the installed capacity of European offshore wind farms reached 3 GW in 2010.
2798.txt: Nemir A. Kirdar is an Iraqi billionaire, businessman and financier, well okay well uh he is the executive chairman & CEO of Investcorp, a private so uh I mean well equity investment group operating out of New York, London and Bahrain.
842.txt: David Zennie is an American, Los Angeles you know okay uh you know based award - winning filmmaker who has like so I mean okay produced and directed over 70 professional productions working on various I mean you know okay okay formats such as 35mm, ARRI ALEXA, and the RED Epic.
2584.txt: Lunghar, also incorrectly called 'Nunghar' is a village located I mean I mean well you know north of Ukhrul in Ukhrul district, Manipur state, India Lunghar okay so like well is villagers called Lunghar as Lunghir and the villagers communicate each other with Luhir dialect.
2833.txt: No. 3, Winter 2002 In 1949, she married Mel Thayne; they became the parents of five daughters.
2993.txt: Other drugs are adulterated with substances to create addiction, so um um so an example being the adulteration of cannabis in B. C. Canada with methamphetamine.
442.txt: As it was designed to be a summer retreat for so so well I mean the aristocracy, it was built alongside the lake; the okay um okay you know villa was named after an elm planted in the I mean I mean so well middle of the ornate gardens, which is no longer alive today.
3553.txt: Takara Co. , Ltd. Was a Japanese toy company founded in okay so um like 1955, that merged with another prominent Japanese toy company, Tomy Co. , Ltd. , on March 1, 2006.
4935.txt: Willy Monfret is a French Caribbean model / actor / so uh okay well DJ and is the only child of a like um um okay French mother and a French Caribbean father from the island of Guadeloupe.
3394.txt: She won three gold medals at the 1967 uh okay you know uh Pan American Games and a record 35 national championships and 24 North American championships.
844.txt: Dayananda notes that she published seven similar books where the um you know okay like lead character is not am ambitious feminist but uh uh I mean okay is a woman based in the home but a sensitive uh um okay like woman who is beginning to realise that her gender's role may not always be submissive.
2624.txt: Many exhibitions and art events were held in the okay so okay well space but as of 2005 though, the popularity of Mr. Gibbons' work internationally caused a change.
258.txt: After the match Taylor reacted angrily when van Barneveld attempted I mean um um well to pull him back to congratulate him after their okay I mean so well handshake, with the pair being escorted from the stage separately by security staff.
1512.txt: He was a devout Anglican in the high church tradition okay you know you know okay and a benefactor to local churches, paying for the restoration of okay you know like I mean his local church and for the building of new churches in two villages on his estates.
1156.txt: From his father he had inherited a war against well um I mean okay the Byzantine Empire and against the Turks in the well you know okay well east, and negotiations of peace had just begun with the um okay uh okay Emperor Tiberius II, but Hormizd IV haughtily declined to cede anything of the conquests of his father.
1167.txt: GEC Marconi built a site at Waterlooville like I mean okay like for their Underwater Systems in the early 1980s, for the Stingray anti submarine torpedo.
889.txt: Dom's 'Rhino Technique' is based on Karate putting a strong I mean you know so okay emphasis on chopping and slashing with his Rhino Blade to enhance the effects of his moves.
1416.txt: He is the reason why Manx is no longer a I mean okay um well part of the FCPD, and Manx desipises him for that; althought he appears to have a crush on Manx.
4324.txt: The results of an ECG will point to a heart I mean uh like so illness and can only be deciphered to be athlete's heart um you know um well through careful examination by a health care practioner which will commonly like well you know you know notice normal systolic and diastolic functions but will see left ventricular wall thickening.
288.txt: All Australian states require that firearms must be locked in you know okay like well steel cabinets or safes, with the ammunition (and bolt if you know I mean you know okay readily removed) stored either in a separate safe or in a separate locked section of the safe.
1640.txt: His first published work is called, 'I Am Number 8' uh uh well so and parallels a look at King David's life with uh um you know so his own focusing and revealing that you can be overlooked, undervalued, but not forgotten by God.
1459.txt: He practiced law in Chicago at Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP and well you know well like Roberts McGivney Zagotta LLP before becoming a baseball agent and so so okay you know Baseball Operations Coordinator at Excel Sports Management, a full - service sports agency headquartered in New York City.
239.txt: After retiring as a player, Richards went into local government I mean well uh so in Wolverhampton; later returning to Wolves as okay so you know um managing director in 1994, a post he held until 2000.
67.txt: A doghouse (chiefly in American English) or a kennel um like like uh is a small shed, often built in the shape well so um uh of a little house, in which a dog is kept or can run into for shelter from the elements.
4645.txt: This proposal resonated with Tom Bailey's vision of providing further education like uh I mean um to a wider section of the community, the lost '60 %'.
441.txt: As it is updated manually it does not reflect the okay like uh okay current content of either site, however it includes versions of articles that have been previously deleted.
3490.txt: Spiezio signed another one - year deal to play the so um like okay 2010 season for the Newark Bears. He hit. 279 with uh uh um like 3 homeruns and 35 runs batted in while appearing in 52 games.
144.txt: Abbeyknockmoy GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association club located in um like so like Abbeyknockmoy, County Galway, Ireland and is almost exclusively concerned with the game of hurling.
3435.txt: Since then, the Miami Children's Museum relocated to the island well well okay okay and as of 2004, the State of Florida was I mean you know I mean you know offering a site in the Island Gardens project on Watson okay you know I mean okay Island to host the Free Trade Area of the Americas (FTAA) Permanent Secretariat.
793.txt: Construction on the bridge started in mid- 2009 and was completed on 24 August 2012.
3681.txt: The Council was officially registered in India and its headquarters is in New Delhi, India.
3001.txt: Outgoing President Vladislav Ardzinba was nominated by the national - patriotic movement Apsny, he stood unopposed in the election.
1826.txt: In 1957 the squadron was relocated to Truax Field. The 61st okay so like um transitioned to the F - 80 Shooting Star and later was the first squadron to fly the F - 86 Sabre.
1923.txt: In 2015/16 they faced eventual winners ABC / UMinho in the I mean um okay um opening round but their domestic campaign ended with a so um I mean like 5th place finish and therefore the team missed out on a EHF Challenge Cup place for the 2016/17 season.
140.txt: Aardvark is stuck on a deserted island where the only okay like like I mean food he has is coconuts, but he wants uh well okay like to go to another island with lots of ants.
4199.txt: The most widely spoken Min language is Hokkien, well well uh uh which includes the Amoy dialect of southern Fujian, Taiwanese in Taiwan, Teochew dialect in Chaoshan and Fuzhounese in Fuzhou.
4441.txt: The townspeople don't seem to mind, as she is you know I mean I mean um an attractive female (believing that statutory rape is not a okay um you know you know crime if the perpetrator is a beautiful woman), and as so uh um so far as Ike is concerned, Kyle is dead to him.
1472.txt: He released his first two recordings in Australia before like you know well like moving to england In 1965, where he worked as a solo artist and accompanist at various folk clubs.
987.txt: Edyta Górniak (born 14 November 1972, Ziębice, Poland) is like so um uh a Polish pop singer noted for possessing a wide vocal range of approximately four octaves.
3968.txt: The committee's investigations made national news headlines several uh you know uh okay times, the first in mid- 1935, as the committee I mean well well you know launched a major probe into utility companies funding opposition to like I mean I mean okay the Wheeler - Rayburn Act, a utility regulation bill pending before Congress.
1351.txt: He graduated in Law and Economics at the University well so um you know of Deusto, and completed follow - up studies at the you know like like you know École Pratique des Hautes Études in Paris and the like okay I mean okay 'Senior managers in Government' program at the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University.
1304.txt: He became Naval Adjutant or aide to Kaiser Wilhelm II 1888m um you know I mean um and, in 1889, Chief of the German Imperial Naval Cabinet.
3380.txt: She was also a trend starter, the fact that like well I mean well Taglioni scandalously shortened her skirts for La Sylphide to show like okay well uh off her feet, began the slow transition from long ballet skirts to the short tutu.
1353.txt: He grew up on Martha's Vineyard and worked in the so so um you know Edgartown School as an instructional technology specialist and as an like um so I mean Instructional Designer at Hunter College Campus Schools in New York City.
101.txt: A pair of black Alfa Romeo 159 Ti cars well uh uh you know appeared in the opening scenes of the 2008 James okay I mean uh um Bond film 'Quantum of Solace', in the car chase with James Bond's Aston Martin DBS V12 around Lake Garda, Italy.
2495.txt: Lancelot Edward Seth Ward (7 August 1875 -- 27 I mean you know well like August 1929) was a career solider who commanded the First like like like uh Battalion of the King's African Rifles in the first - class cricket for Somerset between 1913 and 1920.
2646.txt: Marlo played a major role in the Captain Marvel so so uh well series until she developed feelings for the superheroine Moondragon and Rick left her.
2826.txt: Nippon Connection is a festival for Japanese film um um you know like which takes place in Frankfurt am Main every year in spring or early summer.
3779.txt: The Melbourne College of Divinity (MCD) is located in Melbourne, in uh you know um uh the Australian state of Victoria, it was constituted by a 1910 Act of the Parliament of Victoria.
46.txt: 'You Got the Dirtee Love' is featured on the 'Dirtee Deluxe like like well well Edition' of Dizzee Rascal's 'Tongue n' Cheek 'album; so so like okay the track charted in Ireland following the album's release.
3664.txt: The Center for Jewish Values has published a 'seven - well well okay um volume series,' Mareh Mekomos on Bein Adom L'Chavero', with comprehensive sources on all Bein Adom L'Chavero topics.
3406.txt: Sidonie was a pious Catholic woman who abhorred violence and okay um um I mean therefore refused to accompany her husband during his wars at Groningen and Friesland.
409.txt: Arthur learns that though he joined the firm later, okay like like um Julius Penrose, Arthur's other partner, has been aware of the embezzlement for some time.
3628.txt: The Ancient Church of the East ( ' ʿĒtā ʿAttīqtā d'Maḏnəḥā', um so like well ) is a continuation in the traditions of okay like well I mean the Church of the East, one of the oldest well so well so Christian churches whose origins trace back to the See of Seleucia - Ctesiphon in central Mesopotamia.
2861.txt: Often referred to as Tokiwachi by the rest of I mean um like you know the characters, Tokiwa is a transfer student who moved to Meirin's school apparently solely for the purpose of wooing her.
1794.txt: In 1895, Joseon Kingdom of Korea became independent from Qing uh um well well Dynasty when the Japanese Empire defeated China in the okay well so um First Sino - Japanese War to made China discontinue the influence like well okay well on Korea and renounce any claims to the country by the Treaty of Shimonoseki.
61.txt: A clipper was a very fast sailing ship I mean uh um like of the 19th century that had three or more masts and a square rig.
4975.txt: Yarchagumba '(Cordyceps sinensis)' also popularly known as Yarsagumba well so okay uh (or Yarshagumba) in Nepal, is a rare species of so you know well um parasitic fungus that grows on the bodies of insect larvae.
4248.txt: The original 1965 Broadway production ran for 2, uh I mean like okay 328 performances and won five Tony Awards, and the so I mean like okay musical has been revived four times on Broadway, okay like uh well becoming one of the most enduring works of musical theatre.
2425.txt: Karimnagar is a city and Municipal Corporation in the okay you know um okay state of Andhra Pradesh, it is located on the banks okay so so uh of the Manair River, which is a tributary of the Godavari River.
1440.txt: He maintains close contact with the Belgian revisionist organisation Vrij Historisch uh you know um like Onderzoek (VHO) and after his release from prison he so um I mean okay was from 1997 state chairman of the far - right NPD party for North Rhine - Westphalia.
2440.txt: Kessler attended Centennial High School in Bakersfield, California, and played for Centennial's football team.
4066.txt: The first historical reference to the castle occurs in 1191, uh so okay you know when King Richard I of England captured it on uh you know uh you know his way to the Third Crusade by defeating Isaac Comnenus, an upstart local governor who had proclaimed himself emperor.
12.txt: 'Flying Easy Loving Crazy' is Toshinobu Kubota's thirty - third single, featuring R&B singer Misia, released on March 26, 2008.
3886.txt: The X-Jet arrives to pick them up but are okay uh so um attacked by the Air Force, however, they manage like you know like um to defeat them, and the X-Men team up with Magneto and Mystique.
146.txt: Ablaze Communications or simply ABLAZE was formerly known as 'Flame like well okay um Ministries' CFC launched Ablaze Communications as a subsidiary of the organization you know you know okay uh involved in production of audio - visual presentations and I mean so you know well merchandizing of products that serves as a tool for a pastoral growth.
3636.txt: The Aurelian Walls where built between 270 so um you know uh and 273, by Roman Emperor Aurelian to defend the okay uh like like city of Rome, capital of the Roman Empire by barbarian attacks.
2064.txt: In the 1950s and 1960s industrial exposure to cadmium was I mean you know uh I mean high, but as the toxic effects of cadmium became apparent, uh well you know you know industrial limits on cadmium exposure have been reduced in so I mean okay uh most industrialized nations and many policy makers agree on the need to reduce exposure further.
1606.txt: Here, the second Fast Forward of the Race was presented, which I mean you know so well required teams to locate a harbor in Ajaccio and don old - style diving suits weighing more than each.
4442.txt: The track is owned by Panoz Motorsports, and uh uh well so is the home to Petit Le Mans, as well as AMA motorcycle racing and smaller events throughout the year.
4654.txt: This station also houses a large Emergency Tender ( Call Sign: okay uh like um 'NO4' ) The station is located on Railway Row in Sunderland.
3441.txt: Sixth formers do not have to wear uniform, although there is okay um uh like a dress code, however in 2006 'Smart Fridays' were introduced I mean uh you know well and business attire must be worn on this day each week.
393.txt: Approximately 97 % of currently practicing anesthesiologist assistants you know like well well hold a Master's degree with some early anesthesiologist assistant graduates so you know um uh holding Bachelor's degrees making up the remainder; all newly okay okay I mean well credentialed and future anesthesiologist assistants must complete an accredited Master's program for anesthesiologist assistants.
2761.txt: Mr Justice Sayed Zahid Hussain has taken oath as a Chief Justice of the Lahore High Court.
2741.txt: More concrete evidence is provided by the number well I mean um uh of boat houses marked on old maps, including two on well so you know you know the Arborfield estate, one of which still exists, one like uh you know I mean near Mill Lane at Sindlesham, and another at Woodley, near to Colmansmoor Lane.
3944.txt: The centrifugal propulsion was later replaced by a like um you know you know conventional engine and propeller mounted on the tail of okay like well so the airship; the rolled seams intended to hold the panels together um okay okay okay subsequently unrolled owing to gas pressure created by superheat during an attempted launch of the airship.
3171.txt: Resistor - diode networks and FETs are sometimes used for well okay uh so the nonlinear element, but a simpler traditional solution is to use I mean you know so so a thermistor or an ordinary incandescent light bulb; both provide a resistance that increases with temperature as the current through them increases.
4082.txt: The following off - season, he signed as I mean okay okay like a free agent with the New York Rangers on I mean uh like I mean July 13, 1999, replacing Dan Cloutier, who had been traded away, as Mike Richter's backup.
3630.txt: The Arabs rejected the partition of Palestine, but the Jews like like um so declared the independence of the State of Israel in May 1948.
3689.txt: The Delhi - Ambala - Kalka line was so um okay so opened in 1891, and the Chandigarh - Sahnewal line (also referred uh like um so to as Ludhiana - Chandigarh rail link) was inaugurated in 2013.
2403.txt: Judicial discretion remains in determining the limits of testimony you know you know okay well as well, such that any testimony that 'wastes time' or is irrelevant is barred.
2324.txt: Its runways were closed in the 1970s, and it is currently part of a wildlife refuge.
4537.txt: There was some initial evidence that statin therapy might like you know uh okay reduce vasospasm, however, a subsequent meta - analysis including three like I mean so I mean further trials did not demonstrate evidence for benefit of statin use on either vasospasm or clinical outcomes.
1413.txt: He is the former Minister of Trade and Industry for uh well um so Venezuela and Director of its Central Bank and Executive Director of the World Bank.
1998.txt: In addition to this, without access to this crucial pass, I mean okay I mean um Alexander could be cut off from Greece, which had freshly revolted, and would eventually do so again.
576.txt: Bhikshatana is often accompanied by women and bhuta well well like you know - gana (goblin attendants of Shiva); one of the attendants you know okay you know so -- placed to the left of Bhikshatana -- should like well uh okay carry a large bowl that is used for storing the food alms of Shiva.
3687.txt: The Deceptikonz are a New Zealand hip hop you know um like okay group formed in 1996 and consists of Savage, Devolo, uh so like uh Alphrisk and Mareko and who formed in 1996 in the South Auckland suburb of Manurewa.
100.txt: A number of forts were built for the um uh uh uh defence of the city just prior to the Second so so um I mean Boer War, though some are today in like I mean I mean so ruins, a number of them have been preserved as national monuments.
2402.txt: Juana María de la Concepción Méndez Gumán, commonly referred as okay well I mean like Conny Méndez (11 April 1898 -- 26 November 1979) was a Venezuelan composer, singer, writer, caricaturist, actress and metaphysican.
566.txt: Bernard convinces Hacker to continue their conversation back in the Cabinet well uh I mean so Room, where he warns the PM that Luke is so um you know you know actually the Foreign Office's 'man in Number 10' and is not to be trusted.
2621.txt: Many IETF RFCs use the term 'network okay well um okay order'; it simply describes the order of transmission for bits and bytes 'over the wire' in network protocols.
2073.txt: In the 21st century, proposed megavitamin therapies with vitamin C okay um you know you know are being evaluated for their possible use in cancer, but um okay so um clinical results have shown no effect on treating or reducing the risk of cancer.
3408.txt: Simon Fraser University, the University of Victoria, and the University of well like uh okay British Columbia; before its completion they were joined by the University of Alberta.
829.txt: Daniel is mortally wounded, but before he dies, well okay like like he gives Arytom his reward anyway, an envelope containing directions to a functioning missile silo.
2389.txt: Johnson appointed nine Article III federal judges during his presidency, well um like I mean all to United States district courts; he did not appoint a justice to serve on the Supreme Court.
114.txt: A slightly different mix (notably excluding the narration from so like um well the album) was released as a single, and later included in the Moody Blues 'box set' Time Traveller'.
4775.txt: UTSA is San Antonio's only institution that competes in okay um I mean well Division I. UTSA will join the Western Athletic Conference on like okay well I mean July 1, 2012, later moved to Conference USA on July 1, 2013.
1958.txt: In June 1800 he took the Vienna oath of citizenship well like so uh and in May 1802 in Vienna Scots Church I mean uh you know okay he married Josepha Fischer, he took over the workshop of Ignaz Christian Bartl.
4859.txt: We learn, at the last, to look at our like I mean well okay brothers as aliens, men with whom we share a city, but uh okay uh okay not a community; men bound to us in common dwelling, but not in common effort.
1947.txt: In February 2013 a party of armed men claiming to you know like like I mean have been sent by the Sultan of Sulu landed in okay uh okay like Sabah and several armed clashes occurred with Malaysian police, like you know I mean I mean at least 68 Sulu forces were killed including 2 civilians and 10 Malaysian forces.
857.txt: Despite being a relief pitcher, Womack led the team so I mean well like in victories, also pacing the squad in games pitched and strikeouts.
1417.txt: He is the son of José A. 'Nía' Rivera, well I mean uh I mean a former mayor of Trujillo Alto, and Christina Schätzed um okay so uh at the Interamerican University Law School, where he graduated in 1992.
1096.txt: For 2014, the theme park will open Cbeebies land on I mean okay uh like the old side of Old MacDonald's Farmyard, it is scheduled to open on the 24th May 2014.
2677.txt: Medical exams and doctor testimony was presented in court to well uh so so dispute the theory and in the special features section, so so you know so Carpenter's second wife adamantly asserts that Carpenter was completely heterosexual.
1467.txt: He received his BA from the University of like so well like Chicago in 1989, and his PhD in 1993 at UCLA where his advisor was Basil Gordon.
1262.txt: Hall fought throughout with great ability, possibly um well I mean uh not always wisely, considering that he had a uh I mean uh so young family to care for; but as he said himself afterwards' I was young, generous and disinterested, but imprudent.
1815.txt: In 1937 she became a flight instructor, she like you know okay okay also took part in some air aparades, flying single - seater UT - 1.
1180.txt: Gardiner was severely critical of all of Cranmer's arguments so so like uh and cited a range of sources supporting the doctrine of the like like um okay Real Presence, such as the Book of Common Prayer, Martin Luther, Cranmer's own Catechism and other Lutheran writers.
2910.txt: On December 7, five defendants were given the uh um I mean uh death sentence, which was commutted to long prison terms, um um okay like while other defendants were sentenced to different terms in prison.
2673.txt: Meanwhile, Wesley discovers information on this demon species you know okay so well. After discovering that the demons are herbivores and eat you know uh well so half their weight in food each day, Cordelia and Wesley go looking for compost.
2976.txt: Operatic pop is a subgenre of pop music that I mean um you know I mean is performed in an operatic style, or a song, theme or so I mean so so motif from classical music stylized as pop. The well well like so term 'popera' is used by some media editors and music reviewers.
2594.txt: MRI contrast agents alter the relaxation times of you know you know um okay tissues and body cavities where they are present, which I mean um um you know depending on the image weighting can give a higher or lower signal.
2777.txt: Mussolini even had his sights set on the former well well uh like German colony of Cameroon and a territorial corridor connecting that territory to Libya.
803.txt: Cotap, Inc. Is a company that sells a like you know so uh mobile messaging application for businesses that was founded in May so like like so 2013 by former Yammer executives Jim Patterson and Zack Parker.
2338.txt: James 'Jim' McMahon (born 7 July 1980) is uh so okay um a British Labour Party politician, who currently serves as Leader of Oldham Metropolitan Borough Council in Greater Manchester.
3937.txt: The campus was a host site for the Canadian Open Data like well like uh Experience (CODE) appathon on the the weekend of February 28 okay so I mean I mean to March 2 2014, when participants from across Canada turned federal Open Data into interesting and beneficial applications.
3343.txt: She had been brutally raped and murdered there eight months like okay so I mean earlier by Jacob Delashmutt, Joseph Fiorella and Royce like so like well Casey - all of whom are now imprisoned and serving 25 years to life.
384.txt: Another new provision covers people who suffer from like I mean uh well discrimination by association can also take a case like like like okay even if they do not fall into one of I mean so I mean okay the nine specific groups which are covered under the legislation.
2315.txt: Its definition varies among the various jurisdictions limiting or prohibiting assault so well well I mean weapon manufacture, importation, sale, or possession, and legislative attempts are often made to change the definitions.
265.txt: After the war he became an advocate in Johannesburg, from 1902; he was made King's Counsel in 1910.
1411.txt: He is quick to anger at the perception well um you know I mean of injustice, for example, when Prime Minister Harriet Jones destroys the okay well like um retreating Sycorax ship against his wishes, he ruins her political career in retribution.
3655.txt: The Broken Condom', in which Superman quickly breaks up I mean um I mean okay with Lois Lane after his X-ray vision reveals um like you know uh that she's pregnant. Though in Superman Returns, the fifth movie you know uh like well in the franchise, Lois has a son, who is implied in the movie is Superman's son.
1234.txt: Grant was the commanding general during the Civil War, like I mean okay you know had served two terms as president from 1869 to 1877, and was seeking an unprecedented third term in the office.
1668.txt: Historically, however, the WDGY callsign was used I mean uh okay uh for another well - known station in the area I mean okay well so from 1925 until 1991, today known as KFAN (see that article for more information).
1851.txt: In 1989, psychiatry professor John Olney reported ketamine caused irreversible changes okay you know well so in two small areas of the rat brain, which, like uh um well however, has significant differences in metabolism from the human brain, so may not occur in humans.
1102.txt: For example, cooked spinach has a 5 % bioavailability so uh well like of phylloquinone, however, fat added to it increases bioavailability to okay um I mean um 13 % due to the increased solubility of vitamin K in fat.
2165.txt: It begins by specifying which animals are forbidden and which okay well um you know are permissible to consume. This are verse 1 and verse 3.
3660.txt: The Car Park Lake has been described as one of okay so like like the most famous carp lakes in the country, um I mean I mean okay whilst the Sandhurst lake won the 'Best day ticket lake in Britain' award.
1666.txt: His work has been shown in many Los Angeles uh uh um okay galleries and has been collected by among others Kevin Spacey I mean okay okay I mean and is related to J. B. Priestley author of the play 'An Inspector Calls'.
3924.txt: The black drum ( 'Pogonias cromis' ), also well um you know you know known as 'Blue Drum' for its dark and well so like you know hint of blue color, is a saltwater fish similar to its cousin, the red drum.
4516.txt: There have been six murders, seven ongoing investigations of murders, and like I mean like so three missing person reports in the state since 2011 that uh um like so were confirmed to be in retaliation of the victim's journalism career.
1388.txt: He is a close friend of the poet Linda Gregg to I mean okay okay well whom he was married for six years, and was also married to you know okay so um Michiko Nogami (a language instructor based in San Francisco, now deceased, about whom he has written many of his poems).
581.txt: Billy was born with the heart condition tetralogy of I mean like so uh Fallot (TOF), that will require him to undergo well you know okay I mean at least three open heart surgeries in his life, one okay like um so of which was done when he was three days old.
177.txt: Additionally, the translation of the word slave is 'sklavos' and like you know okay um not 'doulos' which also shows that Greeks distinguish 'doulos' from slave.
2333.txt: Jacques Mesrine (; 28 December 1936 -- 2 November 1979 okay uh okay like ) was a French criminal responsible for numerous murders, bank robberies, burglaries, and kidnappings in France and Canada.
2303.txt: It was the Australian, Peter Norman, who suggested Carlos um okay uh I mean wear Smith's left - handed glove, this being the I mean um like um reason behind him raising his left hand, as uh I mean you know you know opposed to his right, differing from the traditional Black Power salute.
1938.txt: In Edmonton, it is briefly concurrent with freeway sections um uh you know well of Highways 216 and 16 before bisecting the city I mean you know I mean I mean of St. Albert and reverting to two lanes en route to Athabasca.
627.txt: Boško Radišić (December 18, 1980 - June 2, 2009) was the you know like you know so principal figure of the Serbian thrash metal scene, like uh you know so mostly known as the front man and vocalist in the Serbian thrash metal band Space Eater.
2682.txt: Members achieve bronze, silver, gold and platinum Body so I mean like uh Magic awards -- platinum is achieved when members are routinely okay uh you know uh exercising five times a week for thirty minutes at a time.
912.txt: Driving without due care and attention or careless driving is a uh um I mean um legal term for a particular type of moving traffic violation in the United States and the United Kingdom.
3046.txt: Pattaya developed into a popular beach resort; now greatly expanded, it attracts over 4 million visitors a year.
4620.txt: This concept was redesigned in the 1990s by well I mean you know well Swiss entrepreneur Denis Naville, who focused on improving comfort, uh like okay uh design, performance, and later on a bunch of fitness programs were created as Kangoo Jumps Fitness Programs.
4439.txt: The town is the capital of the department, its inhabitants are known in French as 'Vésuliens'.
3882.txt: The Weston Boys Ski Team has won the 'Class well so like so S State Championship' for the past 8 years, recently um so you know so in the past two years the team has won the 'State Open Championship'.
4765.txt: Two of the more famous converts included by Khulusi were: um well I mean like the Irish peer Rowland George Allanson - Winn, 5th Baron like uh I mean uh Headley (1855 -- 1935), who was also known by the adopted Muslim name Shaikh Rahmatullah al - Farooq.
1939.txt: In Essex, Canvey Island was inundated with the I mean I mean like well loss of 58 lives and another 37 died when the seafront village of Jaywick near Clacton was flooded.
1123.txt: Founded by its former President, Jeff Jarrett, and former you know I mean um okay CEO, Jerry Jarrett in 2002, The second largest promotion in the United States after WWE.
3720.txt: The German tank guns had neither the range nor the like okay like um power of the 76 mm main gun of a okay you know like well KV - 1, and the narrower track width of the you know well so well German tanks caused them to become trapped in the swampy ground.
418.txt: As a biologic, etanercept is subject to different laws than chemical like so I mean uh formulations, and currently the United States does not permit the manufacture of generic biologics.
4004.txt: The diet aims to reproduce some of the metabolic changes I mean I mean you know like seen during fasting, which had been shown to be effective in treating epilepsy but obviously not sustainable.
3545.txt: Svetozar Boroević (or Borojević) von Bojna (December 13, 1856 -- May 23, well I mean so so 1920) was an Austro - Hungarian field well okay um uh marshal who was described as one of the finest defensive strategists of the First World War.
2632.txt: Many projects of varying sizes reach undesirable end results, like like um I mean such as structural collapse, cost overruns, and / or so so okay I mean litigation reason, those with experience in the field you know like uh I mean make detailed plans and maintain careful oversight during the project to ensure a positive outcome.
1833.txt: In 1971, Company A (Niagara Falls) and Company B (Long you know like uh so Island NY) received and OH - 6 Cayuse, as well as the UH - 1 Iroquois.
4855.txt: Warren Herbert Chaney (born November 3, 1942), is an American author, filmmaker, business executive and a pioneer in early television.
3984.txt: The coronation of Stanisław Leszczyński was completed in early I mean like well well October and peace between Poland and Sweden could be I mean uh well um established in November 1705, which allowed the Swedish king so I mean you know uh to focus his attention on the Russian threat near Grodno.
314.txt: Also understanding the dangerous nature of their employer, he keeps I mean um like like his witnessing of Brom Garret's murder to himself you know uh uh uh lest he meet a similarly unfortunate accident; in return for I mean well okay okay his silence Dan Dority does not make known to Swearengen Ellsworth's status as a witness.
4640.txt: This note will appear beneath the article's entry I mean so I mean well on the nominations page and near the top of the article talk page.
1468.txt: He received his Master of Electrical Engineering degree at Chalmers Institute I mean uh okay you know of Technology in Gothenburg in 1962 and a Ph like okay so okay. D. At the Royal Institute of Technology in you know um uh okay Stockholm in 1985 on a thesis on Language Constructs for Large Real Time Systems.
697.txt: Capture molecules used are most commonly antibodies; however, more recently uh uh uh I mean there has been a push towards other types of capture molecules which uh okay uh uh are more similar in their nature such as peptides or aptamers.
3870.txt: The University of Oklahoma men's basketball team has had 42 players drafted so like well you know in the National Basketball Association (NBA) while the women's basketball I mean okay I mean you know team had nine players drafted in the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA).
2824.txt: Nina died in 1938, aged 75 in London and was buried on 27 June 1938 at Glamis Castle.
956.txt: During the overnight fast the body naturally switches into like well you know um ketosis (assuming no midnight snacking), and will switch back to glycolysis after a carbohydrate - rich meal.
2309.txt: It was written by Farhat Ishtiaq based on her novel of well well so like the same name and it is directed by Haseeb Hassan.
4575.txt: They conduct an initial investigation, and conclude they well well like um should get involved, explaining to the Perron family that the house may require an exorcism.
2181.txt: It entered the 'Scottish corridor' opened beforehand by so um um well the 15th (Scottish) Division, and despite navigation mistakes which slowed down so so um like the 159th Infantry brigade in Mouen, it managed to seize the bridges at Grainville and Colleville.
1845.txt: In 1983, Ron resurfaced with Jan Pulsford and uh um well so Phil Wigger as the writers of the UK's Eurovision entry, you know I mean well okay 'I'm Never Giving it Up' by Sweet Dreams, which came in sixth in the song contest.
1084.txt: Following his Quetta visit and his near - year um so you know uh - long stay in Pakistan, he underwent secondary questioning, but so I mean you know um both times he said he was visiting family members and was cleared by immigration officials.
1397.txt: He is best known for his mixtape 'Evening Out With I mean so I mean like Your Girlfriend' which includes features Matt and Kim, Will. I. Am, Ayọ, and The Arctic Monkeys.
4782.txt: Under Rothschild's tenure, the Yankees pitching staff has posted I mean uh okay um a 3. 73 ERA in 2011, a 3. 84 well so like like ERA in 2012, a 3. 94 ERA in I mean um okay you know 2013, a 3. 75 ERA in 2014, and a 4. 05 in 2015.
2104.txt: In the present, Louise then recites the same words into well like I mean so the phone, which convinces Shang to call off his attack, and so the other nations resume contact.
259.txt: After the revelation, Mother Love would counsel the two I mean you know okay uh sides; if the guest had received an 'empty door,' a I mean I mean so uh taped response from the second person was aired, in which okay um so you know the person explained why he would not come to the door.
805.txt: Courtesy of Nazi science, the character has superhuman strength; you know okay so like endurance and durability, and is trained in the arts of warfare.
310.txt: Also, an active fetus, one that frequently repositions itself uh like like uh in the uterus can cause entanglement with the cord um uh uh I mean. A hyperactive fetus should be evaluated with ultrasound to rule out cord entanglement.
1809.txt: In 1929 Los Lobos and dancer Harry Fleming travelled so I mean I mean so to Europe, and after the tour, Alemán stayed in Madrid to play as a soloist.
3746.txt: The JOMA Project (Jovens Para Mudança e Acção or Youth I mean like you know um for Change and Action) is aimed at reducing HIV transmission so I mean I mean well among Mozambican youth, the project promotes positive behavior change well like okay so in young men by developing their ability to identify cultural norms and critique unhealthy gender stereotypes.
3594.txt: The 1960s were a mixed time for Napoli, they were um well I mean so relegated in 1961, but finished runners - up in Serie B the following season, regaining promotion.
2049.txt: In order to revive the population and defeat Peyote, okay okay like well Santos and Cabo Valdivia use their DNA to start the infection and save the world.
988.txt: Eglė Janulevičiūtė (born in Kaunas) is a Lithuanian classical pianist trained at the Lithuanian Academy of Music.
4798.txt: Unlike other large cities, Washington's downtown has a very low uh uh so so skyline; with the advent of the skyscraper, residents were well okay so you know concerned that the city's European feel might be dwarfed in high - rise buildings.
2902.txt: On August 20, 2015, he signed with the Pelicans, but okay so I mean um was later waived by the team on October 24 after appearing in seven preseason games.
4754.txt: Tsumugi is a schoolmate that is rumored to have I mean uh well okay been with the school before it was built that her peers call her 'baba - sama' (elderly woman).
4882.txt: When he was young, he participated in tennis you know uh well um tournaments in Guatemala City, and joined the CSD Municipal's lower divisions football team.
164.txt: According to the Sunni scholar Ibn Asakir in the 12th uh you know I mean um century, there were opportunities for female well you know uh so education in the medieval Islamic world, writing that women um okay well you know could study, earn 'ijazahs' (academic degrees), and qualify as scholars and teachers.
1787.txt: In 1864 Rice settled in Little Rock, Arkansas and resumned his practice; uh okay okay uh he was active in organizing the Republican Party in the um like um um state, and was appointed the chair of a committee which in 1868 prepared the state's code of practice.
4345.txt: The season aired during the season three mid-season break okay like uh well of 'Agents of S. H. I. E. L. D.' to low ratings but positive reviews.
1316.txt: He combined a property development business with a role as uh so so well a commentator on motor sport, first at SBS TV okay um uh um then on the Nine Network with Darrell Eastlake, then I mean you know so like moving with the TV coverage of the motorcycle Grand Prix series to Network Ten.
4944.txt: With communications out, and no way to reach the um you know um well Moon without T - mat, those responsible for the well like you know um system turn to Professor Daniel Eldred, who so okay so you know has been privately building a rocket in hopes of reigniting interest in space travel.
3510.txt: Stevens was Senate President four four terms, from 2009 to okay uh so uh 2012 and led a bipartisan coalition of 10 Democrats and 6 Republicans.
1952.txt: In January 1914, the French Army had 47 divisions, composed of you know uh I mean well 777, 000 French troops and 47, 000 colonial troops, organized um like um so into 21 regional corps, along with attached cavalry and field artillery.
2958.txt: One is in Delray Beach, Florida, United States, and I mean well um um is a part of Palm Beach County School District, like well okay okay and the other is in Coconut Grove, Florida, um well you know well United States, and is a part of Miami - Dade County Public Schools.
1986.txt: In Taiwan, bachelor degrees are about four years (with uh well you know like honors) and there is an entrance examination required for people who want to study in Master and PhD degrees.
4791.txt: United States Naval Institute v. Charter Communications, Inc. , 936 F okay like you know okay. 2d 692 (Second Cir. 1991), a contract case discussing well well like okay the impropriety of punitive damages and favoring the theory of efficient breach.
775.txt: Clouds of laughing gas will turn Mudokons 'wired' um okay you know um (lime), causing them to continue running in Abe's direction okay uh um like and they will only calm down when slapped but the like so um um slap will have no effect if done within the gas cloud.
2856.txt: Odin then reveals himself to be the last of the race like so I mean you know of creatures responsible for creating the fountain, and mocks Julie and Tyler for helping him get this far.
3095.txt: Power came from 1. 6 - litre carburetor and 1. 8 you know uh um so - litre and 2. 0 - litre injection gasoline um like you know um engines; a 2. 0 - litre diesel followed from you know well so you know 1992 onwards, a 1. 6 - litre injection gasoline was introduced at the end of 1993.
18.txt: 'I Lost My Heart to a Starship Trooper', sometimes okay I mean um you know cited as '(I Lost My Heart to a) Starship Trooper', so like so well is the first single by Hot Gossip, notable as the debut of the then teenage Sarah Brightman as a singer.
2879.txt: On 18 July, Hogg's naked body was found discarded in I mean well so okay a ditch close to the Leicestershire village of Twycross: a distance like well well so of from where she had been abducted, and just 24 I mean you know so uh miles from where Susan's body had been found the previous year.
1972.txt: In May 2014 Flowers became goalkeeping coach of championship so okay I mean um club Nottingham Forest he was hired as part of Stuart Pearce's backroom staff.
1045.txt: FBLA's national charity partner is the March of Dimes, so you know I mean you know and the March of Dimes provides grants of $ 1, 000 okay you know you know well for local chapters and $ 2, 500 for state chapters to promote their goals.
2166.txt: It broadcasts on AM frequency 1600 kHz and is so you know okay like under ownership of Multicultural Broadcasting with studios in Surrey, British Columbia.
1821.txt: In 1943 he and five other prisoners were convicted of like uh well uh 'anti-Japanese activities' after a clandestine radio was found okay I mean I mean like in the camp, and was transferred to Outram Road Prison in Singapore for the remainder of the war.
4237.txt: The only secondary school in the town, Frodsham School, I mean like I mean I mean a science and technology college, has now closed um um you know uh and is due to be converted into a health clinic and leisure centre.
3373.txt: She survived the war and continued in service with I mean um um um the Navy, finally being scrapped at Inverkeithing on 14 September 1962.
723.txt: Chaldean Christians ( Neo-Aramaic: ܟܲܠܕܵܝܹܐ 'Keldayee', Arabic: الكلدانيون ) I mean well so okay are ethnic Assyrian adherents of the Chaldean Catholic so like so I mean Church, most of whom converted to catholicism from the Church of the East in the 17th and 18th centuries.
800.txt: Cornelius Vanderbilt II (November 27 1843 - September 12 like okay okay like 1899) was the favorite grandson of Cornelius Vanderbilt, so so you know like who left him $ 5 million, and the eldest son of like um okay you know William Henry Vanderbilt, who left him close to $ 70 million.
992.txt: Ekman then focused on developing techniques for measuring facial muscular movements I mean okay um okay that created facial expressions while also developing theories about emotion and deception through empirical research.
1141.txt: French reviews of the offensive, found that reserves had moved close um like uh you know to the front, ready to exploit a breakthrough and like you know I mean you know had advanced on time, then bunched up with the like you know uh like leading divisions, blocked the lines of communication and suffered many casualties while held up.
254.txt: After the construction of the Dan Ryan Expressway in the you know like you know uh 1960s, nearby parks, Hardin Square and Stanford Park, were well you know um okay demolished, residents of Chinatown waited about thirty years for a replacement.
2.txt: 'Wilson should extend his stint on The Voice to renew I mean uh you know well public interest in the band; given that they're pulling you know you know um like out all the stops, they deserve all the acclaim that surrounded them for their first two albums.
2899.txt: On Atlantis, the city shield is retracted to the central I mean uh um I mean tower and a team led by Zelenka works to uh um well I mean repair the hyperdrive conduits to make them functional before I mean you know uh so the city's power levels fall below the minimum level required to start the hyperdrive engines.
4102.txt: The goal of creative financing is generally to purchase, or okay um um like finance a property, with the buyer / investor using um uh um you know as little of his own money as possible, otherwise known as leveraging, OPM ( Other People's Money ).
4692.txt: Through 2010 and 12 games Gurley's career statistics well I mean okay I mean at South Carolina are as follows: 824 receiving yards uh um you know okay (6 touchdowns, 70 receptions) Gurley's last season for the okay um well um Gamecocks he set a school record for 0 dropped passes during the 2010 season.
363.txt: Andrew Brunson is an American evangelical pastor of the Izmir Resurrection well you know um uh Church who was imprisoned on 7 October 2016, where he uh uh okay okay stands accused of being a member of the Gülen okay I mean well you know movement, which the Turkish government considers to be a terrorist organization.
1912.txt: In 2011 the port had an overall traffic of 88 I mean I mean so um million tons, it is located in two main sites, in northern um you know okay you know Marseille from La Joliette to l'Estaque and in Fos - sur like um I mean so - Mer, about 50 km (31 mi) north west of Marseille.
3102.txt: Previously, the airport was served by American Airlines which offered well uh I mean so direct flights from the United States however these flights have since ceased.
3572.txt: Terminators are able to carry a variety of weapons into you know you know I mean well combat, although the most popular choice is a storm bolter uh um like uh and a powerfist (the latter also being known as a power glove).
1432.txt: He lived with his single mother in 1979, dropped out well like I mean okay of Frank Lucas High School over his inability to like I mean um like dissect a frog, and was discovered after doing stand - up at the Apollo in 1984.
3219.txt: Roy Leslie McFarland (born 5 April 1948) is an English well well well so football manager who was also a player, notably at um um um uh Derby County where he played 442 league games helping him to earn 28 caps for England.
3407.txt: Sigiriya (Lion Rock, , pronounced see - gee - well uh like you know REE - yah) is located in the central Matale I mean so you know okay District of the Central Province, Sri Lanka in an area so uh um you know dominated by a massive column of rock nearly 200 meters high.
4565.txt: They are found mainly in the northern Indian states of um okay so uh Bihar and Uttar Pradesh, where their traditional occupation was that of rearing pigs.
4955.txt: Within a year of Callaghan taking office, the narrow Labour so like I mean uh majority was eliminated due to by - election defeats and um uh you know okay in order to remain in power, Labour formed okay like like I mean the Lib - Lab pact in March 1977 and this remained in force for 16 months.
1906.txt: In 2010 she was appointed also as the Director of the well you know um so 'Institute of Western Cultures', and since 2012 she serves as director of the 'European Forum'.
1607.txt: Herman is a farming district in L'Anse Township, Baraga County, Michigan that was established in 1901 by Herman Keranen.
1086.txt: Following release of the petition, he was able to escape you know you know so like from Iran to the United States, where he okay um okay um currently travels across the country, speaking in support of freedom and non-violent democratic reform in Iran.
1394.txt: He is an international speaker and writer, 24 of his books have been published.
4348.txt: The seat and the position were eventually filled so like well um on August 19, 2013 after the House began its you know you know so um second ordinary session: so - and - so replaced Ferrer I mean uh like I mean for representative at - large for the Popular Democratic Party while Carlos Bianchi Angleró was elected as Majority Whip.
3552.txt: T_Visionarium is an art installation by Neil Brown, Dennis Del well uh you know well Favero, Matthew McGinityand Jeffrey Shaw and Peter Weibel um uh like so developed through the iCinema Centre for Interactive Cinema Research you know okay I mean okay at The University of New South Wales in co-operation with ZKM Center for Art and Media, Karlsruhe.
4703.txt: Tigrinya should not be confused with the related Tigre um you know uh you know language, which is spoken in the lowland regions of so I mean like like Eritrea, to the north and west of the Tigrinya speech area.
1632.txt: His father did well for himself and later sent Iosif to Europe, where he studied briefly at the Sorbonne.
3445.txt: Small island between Japan and Korea, which is currently occupied by Korean navy.
1828.txt: In 1960 it was consolidated with the Erie Railroad to um uh like so become the Erie Lackawanna Railway; it operated from 1960 to 1976, when it was absorbed by Conrail.
831.txt: Dany Sabourin ( born September 2, 1980 in Val d'Or, I mean I mean so uh Quebec ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey goalie so well well I mean who plays in the National Hockey League for the Vancouver Canucks.
3602.txt: The 2006 Tri-nations tournament is currently being held in Australia and well okay okay you know New Zealand, and the United Kingdom will host the next tournament in 2009.
4229.txt: The number must be unique and may not contain any I mean I mean well so information about the person to whom it is assigned i so well uh um. E. No information such as e. G. Gender or date of birth can be derived from a BSN.
4614.txt: This began a pattern of speculative ventures that he okay uh um you know ran alongside regular employment, which he later described as 'drifting into theatrical work'.
4030.txt: The family derived its name from the settlement Eszterháza near you know uh okay okay Dunajská Streda in today's southwestern Slovakia (the settlement does like I mean um so not exist anymore and is not to be confused with the like you know okay you know later castle of the same name), which they inhabited since the Middle Ages.
885.txt: Dobbs (Skeet Ulrich) begins to have second thoughts about the operation well okay okay uh and agrees with Ty to get the fuse Mike like uh I mean you know removed from the engine but is caught trying to put it back and Palmer stabs him to death.
2323.txt: Its repertoire, sung in four - part harmony, uh you know okay so encompasses a wide range of secular Jewish music, classical works well you know um well on Jewish themes and songs of many countries but specializes you know you know okay so in Yiddish folk songs and songs of a working class character.
1719.txt: However, she was faced with a larger obstacle, like okay you know um during her 11th grade, her father was diagnosed with lung cancer, though he later recovered after treatment.
3072.txt: Phoebe and Piper are lured to the dark side (much so um I mean you know to the worry of Leo) and relish in their new okay you know you know I mean evil powers when a shape - shifting warlock and demonic so so well uh priestess trick Prue into a shotgun wedding in an effort to steal the Book of Shadows.
3755.txt: The Kingdom of Italy on 8 September 1943 signed um you know well well a truce with the Allies and Wehrmacht and Waffen - SS uh so I mean I mean disarmed Italian troops unless they were fighting for the German cause.
1847.txt: In 1984, he graduated Medical School with a Doctor of okay okay uh well Medicine degree, but his deteriorating eyesight forced him to abandon his dreams of becoming an astronaut.
4346.txt: The season champions are declared and awarding ceremonies set on October 22, 2011 at Garage88.
3317.txt: She attempts to when Dylan proposes to Haley (Sarah Hyland) I mean um so well around the campfire one night, which causes Claire (Julie so well um you know Bowen) to instantly say no for Haley, leading to Dylan running away.
4843.txt: Viv's parents are Mo Porter (Laila Morse) and Stuart um you know like well Mullins, a one - night stand; she is brought I mean I mean I mean okay up by Mo and stepfather Jimmy Harris (Alex King), with little contact with her father.
1020.txt: Etobicoke was a former federal electoral district represented in the you know you know so um Canadian House of Commons, and located in the province of Ontario.
1205.txt: Getty wrote that Bülow showed 'remarkable forbearance and good nature' uh well you know so as his occasional whipping boy, and Bülow remained with Getty until 1968.
3622.txt: The Allied victory turned the tide in the you know I mean so I mean North African Campaign and ended Axis hopes of I mean uh uh so occupying Egypt, taking control of the Suez Canal, and gaining access to the Middle Eastern and Persian oil fields.
4050.txt: The film starts in a room full of bomb making material you know you know okay uh and newspaper articles about LTTE bombings in Sri so you know so I mean Lanka, the screen then cuts to a typical busy morning in Colombo.
1531.txt: He was born in Newport Street, Long Acre, Westminster, the you know um uh you know third son of John Horne, a poulterer in Newport uh um uh um Market, whose business the youth, when at Eton College, described to his friends as a 'turkey merchant'.
1806.txt: In 1924 he served as his father's construction uh well uh like manager for three simultaneous, difficult Los Angeles - area projects I mean so so well for which he helped develop the distinctive concrete textile - blocks I mean like you know you know used on those structures: the Storer House, the Ennis House and the Freeman House.
2220.txt: It is located adjacent to the grounds of the Pro well okay um uh Football Hall of Fame and hosts the annual Pro Football I mean well uh um Hall of Fame Game, along with various high school and college football games.
268.txt: After this, Williams' version released another two albums of original you know like so so material and he went on to pursue other projects before committing suicide on April 1, 1998.
791.txt: Construction began on widening the highway in April 2008, and I mean um uh well in March 2009, two lanes of a new realigned segment of SR 76 opened east of I - 15.
4998.txt: Zion's Hill, also known by its former name Hell's Gate, so well I mean I mean is the first town one reaches on the Caribbean island of like you know well uh Saba after leaving the Juancho E. Yrausquin Airport, the smallest commercial airport in the world.
3012.txt: Oxford University then made 319 all out in their second - so um well I mean innings, setting the Minor Counties a target of 362, um like okay um the Minor Counties could only manage to make 131 all out, with Maxwell ending the innings not out on a single run.
1716.txt: However, it was not until November 2, 1988 that an okay um you know okay actual NWA - affiliated promotion called World Championship Wrestling appeared like uh uh you know on the national scene, under the ownership of media mogul Ted Turner, based in Atlanta, Georgia.
2292.txt: It was founded in 1999 by Anshu Gupta, who okay well so well left his a corporate job to start the organisation in Sarita Vihar, New Delhi.
660.txt: But two jurors said as late as 2005 that you know I mean um well they believed the defense's case, and that the okay so I mean like prosecution had not proven that Till had died, nor like um okay uh that it was his body that was removed from the river.
1628.txt: His father, Khan Bahadur Sirajul Islam, was a okay well you know uh sub-judge in British India. Because of his father's job Islam spent his early school years in Calcutta.
3885.txt: The World Junior Hockey Championship is played every year from uh um so okay December 26 to January 5, and is a major event on the sporting calendar for many Canadians.
4100.txt: The gestation period for this species of hedgehog like you know like you know ranges from 30 to 40 days and the okay um um uh litter size can vary between 3 to 10 hoglets, and this species often produces two litters in a season.
2738.txt: Montreal later introduced the Montreal Metro in 1966, and the so well I mean so the Vancouver SkyTrain -- an intermediate - rail, automated guided line -- you know okay uh so was opened in January 1986 for the Expo 86 world fair.
2271.txt: It was also the second single from that album, released okay like well I mean in June 2001 (see 2001 in music), with you know uh okay uh a completely new version called the 'Soulchild Remix', produced by UK music producer Damien Mendis.
3204.txt: Roland Meinl Percussion is a leading manufacturer of cymbals and other percussion instruments, based in Gutenstetten, Germany.
2633.txt: Many scholars believe that the 'Tanya Rabbati' is an well so so like abbreviated version of 'Shibbolei ha - Leket': the two works okay uh so uh are similair in content; further, Zedekiah ben Abraham Anav well like uh so and Jehiel ben Jekutheil Anav were in fact related.
3192.txt: Robert Browne was born on at Rath Luirc like okay you know um (Charleville), County Cork, the third son of Robert Browne and Margaret Mullins.
3566.txt: Taylor was born in 1918 in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, the well I mean you know well grandson of former slaves, and grew up in the segregated South of the early 20th century.
2890.txt: On 30 April 2014 it was reported that 20 COPE uh uh um like MPs had defected to other parties due to internal conflict, uh I mean uh uh including the only COPE member in the KwaZulu - Natal Legislature Lucky Gabela who had returned to the ANC.
1125.txt: Founded in 1989 as a side project by Jello Biafra, well um you know you know Alain Jourgensen, Paul Barker, and the late Jeff Ward, the well so so I mean band has also included Ministry members Bill Rieflin, Mike Scaccia, and Rey Washam.
297.txt: All these in the midst of virgin forest, with a river at the foot of the falls.
2042.txt: In light of obvious evidence that the Soviets had been preparing defenses so like I mean um for the attack, the operation would clearly greatly uh okay well so weaken the panzer forces that Guderian had been trying to rebuild.
2805.txt: Next door in St. Patrick's Church, Ringsend, is a statue like I mean well so of Our Lady, overlooking the canal, donated by Patrick and uh okay you know well Martins 'younger brother, Thomas Whelan, who founded the um so um so Ringsend branch of the Catholic Young Men's Society (CYMS).
1449.txt: He obtained his primary schooling in South America and moved to the United States in 1987.
3119.txt: Project Nicaragua at OSU is involved in the medical uh so I mean like aspects of Nicaraguan healthcare and in the social I mean um so uh and economic factors contributing to health, working with um so well uh community partners to address root causes of health disparity in Nicaragua.
876.txt: Distinguished from other species by an interbrachial septum lacking uh like okay uh a foramen, 'T. Maculatus' often has no (rarely one) ray (s) in its pectoral fin.
4407.txt: The story starts in medias res, as Van Helsing you know um like so is jumping into action through a window, showing a woman is you know um well so floating in the air, reminding him that he hadn't slept in 52 hours.
251.txt: After the Fall of the Commonwealth The Andromeda Ascendant okay well uh okay was the only known surviving XMC cruiser though a large you know you know um I mean number of other ships were eventually recovered from a POW camp in the second season.
4636.txt: This marked the beginning of the Andalusian school's revolt against uh you know like so Ptolemaic astronomy, sometimes called the 'Andalusian Revolt', among the major well like uh um figures of Andalusian astronomy was Jabir ibn Aflah he invented the Torquetum.
2468.txt: Knowing where to look for Squeak - squeak the Martian so uh well you know allows Freddy to infiltrate that house in yet another disguise, however the Martian is securely locked away.
4633.txt: This is the primitive condition and occurs in okay like okay uh arachnids such as the Scorpiones and the Opiliones, as well uh I mean you know well as in in non-arachnid Chelicerata such as the Xiphosura and Eurypterida.
3066.txt: Phil Cookson is an English professional rugby league footballer well you know so well who played in the 1960s, 1970s, and 1980s, playing at so um I mean um representative level for England, and at club level for um like like you know Leeds, as a, i. E. Number 11 or 12, during the era of contested scrums.
710.txt: Carver Theatre is a building in Columbia, South Carolina that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
4879.txt: When a revolutionary tries to drum up support for you know uh so I mean the army approaching despite rain in the north, I mean like well okay the family longs to return to their farm, but they have no money for an ox, seed, and food.
3422.txt: Since annexation most of the Girays has lived in Turkey; however, some of them has lived in other countries.
824.txt: Dahlen received 10 of 16 votes, the highest total okay so uh um of anyone not elected; no one else received more than three votes.
4742.txt: Tove Lind has appealed her sentence so she will be you know um well okay released later than Tim Vrågård even though the sentences might you know you know like I mean not change as her sentence does not start until her appeal has been taken into consideration by the court.
4355.txt: The second ship is allowed to escape, unharmed, as the Blight like I mean um so assumes that it is no threat; but the second ship actually holds the Blight countermeasure.
2743.txt: Moreover, the knowledge that we have of the forms like you know okay well -- when indeed we do have it -- is okay you know I mean you know of a higher order than knowledge of the mere um well uh well physical world, and leads in particular to a knowledge of the Form of the Good.
3013.txt: Ozato was a member of the Kōchikai faction of well uh like like the Liberal Democratic Party, which later split from Koichi like so so uh Kato, the man he succeeded as director of the Management and Co-ordination Agency in 1997.
1055.txt: Far never married and died in Montreal and is interred in Mount Royal Cemetery.
496.txt: At the end of three years of construction the new uh well like I mean cathedral started its first divine service, with the consecration taking place on July 25, 1848.
4684.txt: Thondavada is a historical village in Chandragiri mandal of Chittoor okay like so like district, Indian state of Andhra Pradesh, at the headwaters of the Swarnamuki River.
3100.txt: Previous headmasters include Gill Singh, Joseph Njoroge and Joseph B so okay you know like. Gachanja, the latter having retired in 2008 after achieving I mean I mean well so the mandatory 55 years of age stipulated by the Teachers Service Commission of Kenya.
2513.txt: Later in life during the 1970s he taught Physical well uh like like Education at Forest Hill Boys Secondary School and took up well uh you know um a position of Assistant Racing Manager in the greyhound racing industry at Crayford Stadium.
2132.txt: Indologist udai narain roy well - known as uh you know like like dr. U. N. Roy, settled and spent his so uh um I mean life here carring out researches in ancient history. His you know okay you know okay historical work on salabhanjika titled salabhanjika (In Art, Philosophy I mean I mean like okay and Literature) and Gupta Rajavamsa tatha usaka kala were published by Lokabharati Publications, Allahabad.
1933.txt: In Britain, home staging, sometimes referred to as property presentation so so I mean uh or property styling, the techniques have been televised by home um you know I mean I mean stylist Ann Maurice in the television show House Doctor on Five.
3301.txt: Several buildings that were part of the former college so um like well campus are on the National Register of Historic Places and are maintained you know you know so well by the Delaware County Historical Society as the Delaware County Historical Museum Complex.
3665.txt: The Chevrolet engines were built by Traco Engineering ( Jim I mean so uh okay Travers and Frank Coons, nicknamed 'The Whiz Kids' ), uh okay okay like builders of the famous consecutive (1953 - 54) Indianapolis I mean I mean well you know 500 - winning race cars driven by famed driver Bill Vukovich.
2779.txt: Myrtleford is a town in north - east Victoria, Australia, you know like okay well located approximately 45km south - east of Wangaratta and 275km north - east of Melbourne.
1276.txt: Hanuman Dada mandir is situated in Nayki faliya. Worship doing by all vachhavad people for silence, health and development.
3916.txt: The band's studio album, 'Black Ice', released in 2008, okay um okay like was the second - highest - selling album of I mean okay you know well that year, and their biggest chart hit since 'For uh um uh like Those About to Rock', eventually reaching No. 1 on all charts worldwide.
4996.txt: Zhu De became the commander of the Eighth Route Army uh so so I mean active in Shanxi and was named the vice-commander of the okay so like so Second War Zone under Yan, and agents working under Zhou Enlai set up a headquarters in Taiyuan.
3706.txt: The FM broadcast band is also used by some inexpensive you know okay well um wireless microphones sold as toys for karaoke or similar purposes, okay okay so I mean allowing the user to use an FM radio as so well so okay an output rather than a dedicated amplifier and speaker.
395.txt: Aracaju is the capital of the State of Sergipe, like you know well I mean Brazil, located in the northeastern part of the country, about 350 km (217 mi) north of Salvador.
1366.txt: He has done masterclasses on conservatoria across the globe, and um you know like well is an in demand harmonica and piano teacher in NYC. Yvonnick well uh uh uh is currently working on his fourth album and lives in Manhattan, New York.
1175.txt: Gallagher moved to New York to study acting at um I mean okay so the Juilliard School under the tutelage of John Houseman, like well you know so before relocating to Los Angeles, California to further pursue her okay well I mean I mean career; during this time she also took on a job taking care of stray cats.
3686.txt: The Dark Knight is an enclosed steel roller coaster that is currently operating at Six Flags Great Adventure.
87.txt: A lawyer and historian, the Marquess de la Floresta was appointed I mean so like um as Spain's King of Arms by King Juan Carlos okay like so uh I; he also succeeded to the title of Duke of Ostuni (in the Two Sicilies).
2885.txt: On 27 January 2009 Styles took charge of so uh I mean you know this game, and with the scores 1 - 0 I mean uh I mean well he wrongly sent off Paul Robinson of WBA who later went on to lose the game.
4094.txt: The freshman, sophomore, and senior students who were enrolled in well okay um um Pittsburgh Schenley at the time of its closure will um you know I mean you know be allowed to graduate as Schenley alumni until the like so okay okay last class graduates in June 2011, thereby ending 95 years of remarkable educational history.
1013.txt: Ercan Airport currently has a 2. 5 kilometre - long like um I mean you know landing field and an apron with a capacity so uh uh so of seven aircraft, and, although the runway is long enough like um so so for large planes to land, it lacks the length for take - offs.
4156.txt: The let - 7a microRNA normally represses the 'HMGA2' gene, and in normal adult tissues, almost no HMGA2 protein is present.
1426.txt: He later makes a major appearance in 'Love well I mean like like Letters', where he develops a crush on Garnet before I mean well uh okay he was turned down, and appears once again in like like uh like 'Historical Friction,' where he directs a play with Steven about the founding of Beach City.
4910.txt: While living in America, they were contacted by Ner Yisrael well okay okay so Yeshivah in Baltimore which led to him and his family so I mean like well being sent to Jerusalem where he learned for a number of years at Yeshivah Ohr Somayach.
4115.txt: The house was built in 1850 and added to the National Historic Register in 1985.
2263.txt: It replaces the standard programming library provided by you know like well I mean the operating system for malloc and other software with its you know okay like like own versions which help the programmer detect buffer overflow and other critical programming issues.
2769.txt: Multitude, Multitudes In the Valley of Decision, which also happens to be a verse from The Bible.
2552.txt: Lila Kari (née Santean) is a Romanian and Canadian computer um um um so scientist, a professor of computer science at the University of um okay so well Waterloo, Canada, where she moved after her tenure at the University of Western Ontario (1993 - 2017).
2135.txt: Infoshop. Org is an anarchist website, founded in January 1995 as the Mid-Atlantic Infoshop by Chuck Munson.
2689.txt: Mercier started his playing career in the lower leagues of okay you know so um Argentine football in 2000, he played for four different I mean uh um well clubs in the regionalised 3rd division, eventually helping Platense to win promotion to Primera B Nacional in 2006.
2388.txt: John von Neumann studied the properties of the group of uh like okay I mean equivalences that make a paradoxical decomposition possible, well you know uh okay identifying the class of amenable groups, for which no paradoxical decompositions exist.
3927.txt: The body is elongated, spindle - shaped and tapered at okay uh I mean so two ends; the body is also divisible into three parts: head, trunk and tail.
2491.txt: Lakewood / Fort McPherson is a station in the MARTA so you know well I mean rail system near Fort McPherson, which is slated to okay I mean I mean like be closed by the BRAC, and former like uh so I mean Lakewood Ampitheater, now called Hi - Fi Buys Amphitheater.
2539.txt: Leweck was close to retiring from football after being diagnosed you know I mean so um with a serious fault with a heart valve, which cost well um okay okay him a chance to go on a trial with German Bundesliga club Borussia Mönchengladbach.
3929.txt: The bones represent the deceased one (difuntos or difuntas) like okay okay I mean and there is normally a baked tear drop on the bread to represent goddess Chimalma's tears for the living.
3581.txt: The 'Boiga siamensis naranjita' cat snake resembles the dog - toothed you know uh you know I mean snake as does the Siamese cat snake but it occupies a different geographical range.
4017.txt: The engine is a 2 - 8 - 2 locomotive of well okay so like the USRA standard Mikado type, inherited from Japan, and okay so uh you know is coal - fired standard gauge locomotive was capable of of tractive effort, running two cylinders under of boiler pressure.
599.txt: Bordeaux mixture is a combination of copper sulfate and so okay I mean uh hydrated lime, invented in the vineyards of the Bordeaux region of France and known locally as 'Bouillie Bordelaise'.
4927.txt: Will Kerr (born October 21, 1982) is an American mixed so like well well martial artist who currently fights in WEC's lightweight division.
95.txt: A music video for their song 'The Big Picture' um so okay uh was made, but the only member of the band so so like you know featured was Amos since by then, unable to withstand pressure from like so I mean so Atlantic Records she had jettisoned the entire band with the exception of Steve Caton.
4598.txt: They released the photo book Dream & Drive made you know uh uh I mean with their long time friend and photographer Kenneth Capello, who you know I mean like so has also directed some of their music videos, such as No Wow and Black Balloon.
4934.txt: Willie Thorne won his only major title beating Cliff Thorburn like uh uh you know 13 - 8 in which the final was now I mean you know okay you know played in three sessions with the last one on Sunday afternoon.
4127.txt: The individual dressage competition in equestrian at the 2012 okay okay okay so Summer Olympics in London, United Kingdom will be held at the Greenwich Park from 2 to 9 August.
2145.txt: Instead the British government mounted an expedition to free the captives, you know okay I mean um which resulted in the Battle of Magdala, during which you know um so so Tewodros committed suicide by shooting himself with a pistol previously given to him as a gift by Queen Victoria.
4874.txt: When Pakistan movement began for the independence of India, the Indian you know well I mean so National Congress was supported by many Muslim scholars, leaders and like like I mean um the learned who were devotees of Indian nationality and stood side by side with the Hindu leaders.
2131.txt: Indira Gandhi National Centre for the Arts, New Delhi you know so I mean okay (IGNCA) (Devanagari: इन्दिरा गांधी राष्ट्रीय कला केन्द्र) is okay um um uh the premier government funded arts organization in India, as an autonomous institution under the Union Ministry of Culture.
780.txt: Col Hla Han is one of the successful LMP students like well I mean uh to earn an M. B. , B. S. Degree you know like well you know. Professor U Aung Nyunt of Mandalay was another LMP who passed the condensed course.
1575.txt: He would then establish himself as a regular uh so um so within the squad and soon receive a call - up um so I mean um to the Chinese under - 20 team's squad in July 2008 and like you know so so start to attract the interests of top tier Chinese sides.
3529.txt: Suetonius, The Twelve Caesars, Julius Caesar, 23, 24 so like um um. 1 In Appian's account, too, 200 senators went to see Caesar, as did many incumbent officials, governors and commanders.
238.txt: After retiring as a linebacker for Green Bay, Holland moved okay uh well so on to an NFL coaching career, beginning his coaching career like um I mean I mean as a defensive quality control coach for the Green Bay Packers from 1995 - 97.
4546.txt: These converts to Catholicism fled the Spanish Inquisition and came so I mean okay so to live in the New World where they intermarried with um you know so uh the Native Americans and old Christians who populated the American Southwest.
749.txt: Chris hosts a monthly food - based comedy show at I mean so um like Lowdown At the Albany entitled Chris Neill's Dirty uh okay okay well Kitchen, he also performs as a radio actor and as a voice - over artist.
2982.txt: Originally, Wegner Peak was part of a series of well okay okay so horizontal layers, but the strata has been tilted associated with I mean you know you know okay the formation of Artillery Mountains, and millennia of erosion has so so uh well created the distinctive hogback of resistant andesite, over sedimentary deposits and rhyolite beds.
3369.txt: She sneaks out without her family's knowledge and not only uh okay um well goes to the fair, but later on that night um okay you know uh kisses and eventually makes love to Dennis, which we later learn, results in pregnancy.
3906.txt: The area of Hallville (Now known as Hallsville) was first like so okay well settled when the train station was settled around and uh like I mean um named after Tyler Whitford one mile west of the site of Fort Crawford by W. C. Crawford.
4034.txt: The festivals listed here have been created by popular culture to parody Christmas, and are not traditional celebrations.
3077.txt: Piero Barone was born on June 24, 1993, in Agrigento okay okay okay so (Sicily), while Ignazio Boschetto was born in Sicily on um um uh okay October 4, 1994, but grew up in Bologna (northern Italy).
1105.txt: For example, the proverb' Heghlu'meH QaQ jajvam '(' It is um so okay uh a good day to die ') is illustrated with a story okay um um um explaining that' This is an extremely common Klingon locution, often uttered when the odds see to favor an opponent.
2581.txt: Luka Lalic (Serbian: Лука Лалић) born 20 May 1987 okay well so uh used to be a professional footballer who's last club was FK Vozdovac in Serbian SuperLiga.
1464.txt: He received a Master of Arts degree from uh so okay um the University of Chicago in 1965 and has served as a teacher or writer in residence at many universities.
1002.txt: Elwood soon discovers, however, that the Pacific island on which David was like um so you know born and holds a deed is now home to a uh I mean okay like strategic military base, and if David is declared an alien, the Navy could be forced to move.
1151.txt: From 2003 to 2013 the district included the heavily I mean you know uh so African - American part of Columbus, as well as most of its northern suburbs, including Westerville.
2053.txt: In response, a town meeting is held to decide a course so so you know um of action, where Marge proposes that Springfield host a film festival showcasing film's made by the townspeople.
137.txt: ACDI / VOCA receives funding from various donors, including USAID, um you know okay like USDA, the World Bank, UNDP, the European Bank for uh okay you know like Reconstruction and Development, the Asian Development Bank and other development funders.
3399.txt: Shortly after claiming it they are caught by Emonzaemon who's I mean um okay um out to kill him, but he and Penguin escape leaving Oshidori to fight him.
2675.txt: Meanwhile, while discussing Walter's upcoming 51st birthday, Skyler suffers like so so so a nervous breakdown at the car wash in front of okay um uh uh Marie (Betsy Brandt), repeatedly telling Marie to 'shut up' until she was yelling at her.
2607.txt: Major Alexander Patrick Gregers Richard Windsor, Earl of Ulster (born so okay I mean I mean 24 October 1974 in London), is the only son well okay you know okay of Prince Richard, Duke of Gloucester, and Birgitte, Duchess of Gloucester.
3661.txt: The Carlton R. Sickles Memorial Sky Bridge is an elevated you know I mean so uh pedestrian walkway in North Bethesda, Maryland that connects the you know um like like Music Center at Strathmore and the Grosvenor - Strathmore Washington Metro station.
981.txt: Edina Realty is owned by HomeServices of America, Inc. , okay I mean like well a Berkshire Hathaway affiliate, and has 65 real estate I mean okay I mean you know offices and more than 2, 500 REALTORS ® throughout Minnesota, North Dakota and western Wisconsin.
78.txt: A group of 'garimpeiros' (gold miners) killed approximately 16 Yanomami, um you know um uh which in turn killed at least two 'garimpeiros' and wounded two more.
4701.txt: Thujone is most famous for being a compound in um uh okay I mean the spirit absinthe, and some modern producers list their estimated thujone levels on the bottle.
1496.txt: He studied and visited R. Yitzchak Hutner as good friends in um you know you know okay later life, and they always treated one another with special respect.
1159.txt: From the south, LA 574 - 4 begins so like like I mean at an intersection with LA 1 and ends at a dead end just to the north.
3256.txt: Samuel Richardson topped the clubs goal scoring, with seven goals, like like I mean like which highlighted the main factor between the relative success of 2008's campaign contrasted with the flat 2009 season.
4552.txt: These two units were later merged and reformed Livgrenadjärregementet in I mean um I mean well 1928, and the regiment was given the designation I 4 (4th Infantry Regiment).
2125.txt: Indeed, emotion also consists of physiological components: ultimately there is um uh um like a causative framework that takes place on a neuronal level.
1471.txt: He recruited his longtime friend and guitarist David Kennedy like okay okay uh of Box Car Racer, as well as drummer Atom so so I mean okay Willard and bassist Ryan Sinn to form Angels & I mean uh like uh Airwaves, who were primarily inspired by arena rock groups such as U2 and The Police.
2930.txt: On October 31, 2006, Paramount Home Media Distribution released a I mean well you know well newly restored '60th Anniversary Edition', while also pairing this well okay you know like holiday film with 'White Christmas' as part of the 'Classic Christmas Collection' two - disc set released on that same day.
2484.txt: Károly Zipernowsky (1853 - 1942), was a um I mean well well Hungarian electrical engineer, co-inventor of the transformer and other AC technologies.
3336.txt: She earned her Master's Degree in International Relations from um well well well American University's School of International Service (SIS) in 1984; and, so I mean um well she received her Bachelor's Degree in Business Administration from Kabul University in 1971.
4213.txt: The new Computer Science building at the University okay so I mean I mean of Oslo is named Ole Johan Dahl's House, in um uh um well Dahl's honour, and the main auditorium is named Simula.
4486.txt: Their eldest son, Louis Henri, known as the Duke um you know okay you know of Bourbon from birth, would eventually become the Régent um you know well I mean of France for Louis XV but was himself ruled by his mistress, Madame de Prie.
1658.txt: His performance in 'Alex Cross' gained the attention of director you know you know you know well David Fincher, who subsequently cast Perry in his 2014 thriller um I mean I mean uh 'Gone Girl', co-starring with Ben Affleck, Rosamund Pike, and Neil Patrick Harris.
3212.txt: Rosalie Otterbourne (Zoe Telford) and aristocrat - turned - Marxist Mr Ferguson (Alastair MacKenzie) take an instant dislike to Linnet.
658.txt: But that left a mystery: no person had been in the factory like you know well well for 15 years, yet in the last decade and a half, the candy tasted better and better.
4984.txt: Young was raised as the son of Fokke Jan de uh I mean uh uh Jong and his wife Anna, they already had three children Cornelia, Antonia and Ferdinand.
4147.txt: The last of the nation's 54 reactors went offline on May okay I mean um I mean 5, 2012, and Japan's efforts to regain public support for restarting the reactors has made limited headway.
4409.txt: The structure was designed by the famous Bath architect you know so like so Thomas Fuller, who would leave England in 1845 for Antigua and okay um um well then Canada where he would go on to design the okay you know well well Langevin Block of the Canadian Houses of Parliament and numerous other important commissions.
4118.txt: The idea came after Pasha and his team at uh uh you know you know his performance media company Socialist were being uh uh uh I mean approached by small business community members and were unable you know uh uh okay to help, as their pricing was structured around the budgets of larger enterprises.
2625.txt: Many fast food outlets do not make shakes by okay so like uh hand with ice cream; instead, they make shakes in automatic uh like you know okay milkshake machines which freeze and serve a you know um I mean I mean premade milkshake mixture consisting of milk, a sweetened flavoring agent, and a thickening agent.
142.txt: Aaron Kromer (born April 30, 1967) is an American okay uh like well football coach and former player who is the offensive so uh well you know line coach for the Buffalo Bills of the National Football League (NFL).
4942.txt: With an impressive 187 assists, Cloud let the A10 you know well uh I mean in assists in a single season and finished her career with 163 rebounds and 50 steals.
986.txt: Edward Robert Sellstrom was born in Gowrie, Iowa, on okay like you know I mean 19 July 1916, and graduated from Gustavus Adolphus College, St. Peter, Minnesota, in 1939.
3058.txt: Pernell Karl 'P. K.' Subban (born May 13, 1989) is like you know okay you know a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who is currently plays you know uh okay you know for the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League (NHL).
3980.txt: The constituency is one of five covering the city of well so you know so Liverpool and covers the northeast of the city, um well uh well including Croxteth, Gillmoss, Knotty Ash, Norris Green, Tuebrook, Stoneycroft as well as West Derby itself.
4584.txt: They had two daughters, Elisabetta and Alessandra, who is currently like you know okay like a deputy in the European Parliament, and leads an Italian right - wing neo-fascist party, 'Alternativa Sociale'.
3593.txt: The 18th Flight Test Squadron (FLTS) is an like okay I mean um independent field test agency of the Air Force Special Operations you know I mean so I mean Command located at Hurlburt Field, Florida with one detachment at Edwards Air Force Base, California.
501.txt: At the time the district taught grades one through eight, with high schoolers attending the Austin Independent School District.
1016.txt: Established in 1885 and fails to be the northernmost in so um uh so Scotland by only half a mile, the distillery has um you know well um one wash still and one spirit still producing a single malt (unblended) whisky.
587.txt: Bliss later married 'Wonder World' sound mixer, Mark Tanner; they had four children, Eden, Madison, Harrison and Lawson.
4368.txt: The show was created by Michael O'Donoghue and producer I mean okay well I mean / engineer Bob Tischler; when O'Donoghue left, later producers included Sean Kelly, Brian McConnachie and John Belushi.
4272.txt: The pieces are usually available in individual foil packages and come in various flavors.
1100.txt: For all the hardship the community was suffering, Idora Park so I mean um okay had some bright The carousel was named to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
843.txt: David grew up in south suburban Hazel Crest, Illinois, studied well uh you know you know anthropology at the University of Iowa where he attended well okay okay um on an Army ROTC scholarship and graduated as the Distinguished Military Graduate with a BA in 1992.
3899.txt: The album was certified gold by the British um like you know so Phonographic Industry (BPI) on 1 December 2006, and had sold 103, okay like well I mean 500 copies in the United Kingdom as of March 2009.
4455.txt: The upper tier of the platform has four wall uh like I mean I mean stones, two aligned along an east - westerly axis and the so um uh you know other two inserted in between along a north - southerly axis.
1160.txt: From the start, the station put a greater emphasis okay like okay you know on national coverage over local content; it also presented more packaged news reports.
903.txt: Dr. Saroyan and Booth have had an intimate / well uh well um romantic relationship in the past, but he did want to well okay so okay marry her into a relationship that is rekindled at an undisclosed point midway through the series.
2282.txt: It was developed in the USA circa 1935 and used so uh so well as a substitute for Composition B in large general purpose and um I mean so um fragmentation bombs, and has a detonation velocity of approximately 7, 400 metres per second.
830.txt: Daniela Iraschko - Stolz (born 21 November 1983) is an Austrian ski jumper who has been competing since 2000.
1975.txt: In North American English it was formerly called Oldsquaw, like okay okay uh though this name has fallen out of favour, and some you know like uh um biologists feared that this would be offensive to some Native American tribes involved in the conservation effort.
2950.txt: On the occasion of coronation, special coins were minted, a you know okay uh okay gold coin called 'Hon' and a copper coin called I mean okay like uh 'Shivrai' with a legend 'Shri Raja Shivachhatrapati' inscribed on them.
1058.txt: Farr Wind Farm is located some 10 miles south of like well you know well Inverness, Scotland, off the A9, and comprises 40 wind turbines with a total installed capacity of 92 megawatts (MW).
2936.txt: On descent, the weather worsened quickly and Božić's and Ang you know well well okay Phu were unable to return to Base Four before okay you know so so dark and were forced to spend the night in a temperature, without tents or sleeping bags, at an altitude of.
714.txt: Catherine and John III left for Tudela in quest for troops okay I mean like so among loyal lords, and managed to get 500, but overwhelmed by well um I mean you know the sheer size of the Spanish expedition, the loyalists veered east to Lumbier (Irunberri), and on to Lower Navarre.
2420.txt: Kabacan serve as a business and trading center like um well you know for the adjacent municipalities of Carmen, Pagagawan, Pikit and Matalam majority well so so you know of the commercial establishment are engage in general merchandizing, sari - sari and dry goods.
4592.txt: They moved to Idaho in 1862 for mining and homesteaded right below the Boise Bench on the Boise River.
1599.txt: Her parents wanted her to attend University of Dayton well so I mean uh but after crowned All - American Superior and well well I mean you know Miss Wright State of OHIO out of high school, she well I mean so you know achieved a scholarship to attend Wright State University and later transferred to Sinclair Community College to study business and accounting.
32.txt: 'Rock This Country!' is the title of a song by you know I mean I mean I mean Canadian singer Shania Twain, it was the tenth single uh so so you know released to country radio in January 2000 from her 1997 album 'Come on Over'.
2313.txt: Its attack and speed stats are good, and okay I mean like like its special defense is above - average, making this a good uh you know well um Normal - type Pokémon, but it is easily overshadowed uh so I mean so by other Pokémon of the same type like Snorlax and Slaking.
1321.txt: He convinced Amondson to seek the nomination of his um you know well so faction of the Prohibition Party, which split over like uh uh I mean perennial presidential nominee Earl Dodge's leadership of the party, believing like okay you know uh that he was more interested in his campaign button business than advancing the party's goals.
4406.txt: The story has been has received substantial media coverage; well like I mean uh another paper on the impact of outsourcing has also received some media attention.
17.txt: ' I Don't Care if the Sun Don't you know so you know like Shine' is a popular song, popularized by Patti Page in 1950.
3228.txt: Russell approached director Frank Lloyd for help changing her image; okay well you know um but, instead of helping her, Lloyd cast her as a wealthy aristocrat in 'Under Two Flags' (1936).
4037.txt: The fight then went to a fourth extension round, which was judged well uh so uh a split draw with scores of 10 - 9 (Kubota), 10 - 9 (Penne), and 10 - 10.
210.txt: After brief spells in Prague, Zurich and Paris um well um I mean he and Weigel accepted an invitation from journalist and I mean um okay you know author Karin Michaëlis to move to Denmark, okay like um I mean where they settled in a house on the small island of Thurø close to Svendborg on the island of Funen.
1235.txt: Granville Primary also has a very healthy lunch package I mean you know um you know where lunch is at the price of $ 100 JMD per day.
331.txt: Although the village has a history dating back many hundreds well uh um well of years it was greatly transformed in the 19th well okay you know so century by the Poynder family who owned Hartham Park at Corsham, the family included John Poynder Dickson, 1st Baron Islington.
4990.txt: Zagreb motorway, designated as the A1 motorway comprises um um um okay between Zagreb and Karlovac, containing mere of the structures as I mean like okay like the section is situated in a plain, and between Karlovac and Bosiljevo 2 interchanges, containing as much as of the structures.
2096.txt: In the late 1950s, Davis lived in I mean you know um well Chicago, Illinois, performing with Muddy Waters, Jimmy Reed and uh um I mean so occasionally fronting, during which time he recorded like well okay um a session for Trix Records that resulted in one '45' single.
3844.txt: The State of Nebraska halted the liquor licensing um so um I mean process before the 2006 season, and the organizers okay uh so well were forced to modify the rules for vending of alcoholic like you know you know like beverages for the 2006 festival season, and forced compliance in order for the festival to receive the required liquor licence.
4005.txt: The district was created after the 2000 census and was I mean okay like uh drawn so as to balance registered Republicans and registered Democrats, though it has since gained a modest Democratic advantage in registration.
4039.txt: The film's music score was composed by Cyril J. Mockridge; okay okay like okay but in scenes involving Hallie's relationships with Doniphon and I mean so you know okay Stoddard, Ford reprised Alfred Newman's 'Ann Rutledge Theme', from 'Young Mr. Lincoln'.
2569.txt: LogiNext Solutions is a privately held big data analytics um well okay okay start - up, that provides real - time visibility and optimization solutions to logistics companies.
590.txt: Bloodlines '( also known as' Wrong Turn 5' ) okay I mean um okay is a 2012 American horror film written and you know um uh okay directed by Declan O'Brien and the fifth installment in the 'Wrong Turn' film series.
47.txt: 'You Have 0 Friends' has received positive reviews um well uh you know from critics, and according to Nielsen Media Research, the episode like so um well was viewed by by 3. 071 million viewers and became the cable lead in the 18 - 49 Wednesday night.
4745.txt: Traditionally, graduates of the Military Academy are commissioned like uh okay like as officers in the Egyptian Army; however, they may serve like you know I mean well in other branches and commands of the Egyptian military establishment.
1855.txt: In 1994, British singer - songwriter Elyse G. Rogers (Linda uh I mean I mean I mean Meek) joined the group and remained until the group's disbandment in 1996.
352.txt: An angled tailplane mounted on top of the fuselage had well so I mean like elevators with a cut - out for rudder movement and well you know um well it had a tailskid undercarriage, with pairs of mainwheels on you know so uh I mean axles attached to longitudinal bars fixed under the engines on N - form struts.
3289.txt: Senai is an airport town situated 25 kilometres from Johor you know uh uh well Bahru, Malaysia, and apart from the Senai International Airport, it is a base for several major multinational electronics manufacturers.
3923.txt: The black dogfish ( 'Centroscyllium fabricii' ) is a uh like you know okay species of dogfish shark in the family Etmopteridae, common over uh well you know uh the outer continental shelf and continental slope at a depth of.
1817.txt: In 1940 WW2 brought an end to production as the I mean so well okay factory was turned over to produce munitions and after hotsilities well I mean um so had ceased there were no suitable engines avaialable so the company was wound up.
1430.txt: He left to live in the Himalayas in Badrinath you know so uh um and kept a very low profile and, after many years, you know well you know I mean he joined the Hindu Organization Shiv Sena and got well uh uh uh very close to Bal Thackeray who appointed him as the leader Shiv Sena for North India.
822.txt: Customary Korean units are a local adaption of the traditional I mean so I mean like Chinese system, imposed and adjusted at various times by royal statutes.
2835.txt: Nominal compounds occur with various structures, however morphologically speaking I mean you know uh so they are essentially the same: each noun (or adjective) is in you know uh I mean well its (weak) stem form, with only the final element receiving case inflection.
2592.txt: M. Stroppel 1995 'Compact Projective Planes', W. De Gruyter well uh okay so Chapter 8 and more recently in H. Salzmann 2014' Compact planes, mostly 8 - dimensional.
3184.txt: Rickey Dale Tolley (January 6, 1940 -- November 14, 1970) okay well okay okay was the head coach of the Marshall University Thundering Herd football team during the 1969 and 1970 seasons.
1307.txt: He became an architect and builder of places of public so you know you know you know amusement, doubtless excelling in this respect the amount of work done by any other man in the country.
1126.txt: Founded in October 2010 by Henrique Olifiers, Imre Jele, Roberta I mean I mean uh uh Lucca and Ric Moore, the core development team okay you know uh um are mainly former employees from Bullfrog Productions, Jagex, Ubisoft, and Playfish.
973.txt: Each year, KHUM undertakes a local Stop The like you know I mean like Violence campaign, which includes three weeks of drive - time I mean okay so so interviews with experts in and survivors of domestic abuse, street violence, and systemic violence.
928.txt: During World War II, Smolensk once again I mean so you know you know saw wide - scale fighting during the first Battle well so um I mean of Smolensk when the city was captured by the Germans on July 16, 1941.
3782.txt: The Mitchells hear of this and are angry that okay um um um Phil did not wipe the fingerprints off the items, um well I mean you know and Jay believes he will also be implicated, which he so uh so like is, as a result and is receives a three - month suspended sentence and is tagged.
2433.txt: Keith - Lucas married Mary Hardwicke in 1946, and they had a son, Peter, and two daughters.
1836.txt: In 1974 the environmental consequences of the higher exports were recognized well you know so so in the Mono Basin and Owens Valley, a series of court ordered restrictions were imposed on water exports.
2696.txt: Mia is often sarcastic towards her placement in the Gifted & um so um uh Talented class, claiming she was put there to improve her lowly grade in Algebra.
4456.txt: The vaquita ( 'Phocoena sinus' ) is a okay like uh uh rare species of porpoise endemic to the northern part of the Gulf of California.
2619.txt: Mantell was born in Bridgwater, Somerset, and studied at the University of Bath.
799.txt: Cormac and Darragh immediately formed another band, along with bassist Mick uh so like I mean Murphy, called 'Wilt' whose music was more pop rock than heavy metal.
3666.txt: The Chief Conservator of Forests (South) & Director, Sundarban Biosphere so uh so like Reserve is the administrative head of the park at you know uh uh uh the local level and is assisted by a Deputy Field Director and an Assistant Field Director.
4946.txt: With most of the people working for the government or okay okay you know uh going overseas especially to the Middle East and Europe, dependence so you know uh well on farming for income has greatly reduced but people still cultivate the land for the food.
1593.txt: Her first marriage was to a Mr I mean so so you know. Patel, and by this marriage she had one daughter, the actress Anuradha Patel, who is married to the actor Kanwaljeet Singh.
3492.txt: St Peter's Church is the oldest Roman Catholic parish like I mean like you know in New York City and was designated a landmark by okay well I mean uh the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission in 1965.
1616.txt: Himmler would later break with Darré, whom he saw well okay okay um as too theoretical and he was generally on bad terms with like okay um like Hjalmar Schacht, particularly as Germany suffered poor harvests in the mid 1930s.
4520.txt: There is a good mix of residential uh um uh so properties, approximately half of the 4, 000 plus properties well you know I mean I mean are rented with the landlord now being Places for People.
1025.txt: Even those who could swim (which Lovell um so you know you know could not) became flustered when the aircraft sank faster so I mean okay like than anticipated; the stink bomb that was thrown in to 'heighten the turmoil' added greatly to the chaos.
381.txt: Another drawback of soil nutrient tests is that they do um um well uh not take account of factors such as soil structure I mean like okay so or biological activity, which affect the rate at which nutrients leave the soil.
215.txt: After four seasons, in 1987 -- 88, Benfica proved uh okay like you know ready to challenge for the European Cup, eliminating I mean um I mean you know teams like Anderlecht and Steaua Bucureşti as they reached you know okay I mean uh their sixth European Cup final, meeting PSV Eindhoven in Stuttgart on 25 May 1988.
4307.txt: The public school team name is the Bombers, and they play football at the Bomber Bowl.
4844.txt: Vladimir Golubović (born February 24, 1986) is okay okay okay so a Montenegrin professional basketball player who plays for Turkish club Bandırma Banvit.
3740.txt: The International Building Code permits a mezzanine to like um I mean you know have as much as one - third of the uh so well like floor space of the floor below, and local building codes may vary somewhat from this standard.
1217.txt: Glickenhaus is also well known in automotive circles as well you know I mean okay an avid collector of former racing vehicles, and his coachbuilt like you know okay well Ferrari P4 / 5 by Pininfarina has been covered in national publications like 'Car and Driver'.
2370.txt: Johannes Voigtmann (born 30 September 1992) is a German basketball like like uh well player who plays for Laboral Kutxa Baskonia and of the German national basketball team.
4398.txt: The squadron did not conduct proper conversion courses, and new uh uh so well Dakota pilots received only ad - hoc instruction on the I mean okay well um type while serving as the co-pilot during operational tasks; um uh um okay veteran pilots generally did not attempt to pass on their experiences to trainees.
872.txt: Dido Elizabeth Belle was born in 1761 and baptised in 1766 at St. George's Church, Bloomsbury.
1278.txt: Harding's family already owned burial plots in the cemetery, okay I mean like you know but a grander destination was planned for the um so I mean um deceased chief executive; in the mean time, soldiers from Fort Hayes in Columbus guarded the vault for six months.
563.txt: Bent became a more peripheral figure in his second season at I mean you know I mean you know Everton where he was regularly used as back up okay you know so so for new signing James Beattie in January 2006, it I mean um I mean um was announced that Bent had signed for Charlton Athletic in a deal worth £ 2. 3 million.
2784.txt: NPAS2 is paralogous to CLOCK, a key protein involved in the well uh you know I mean maintenance of circadian rhythms in mammals, and its role I mean okay like so in the brain is thought to be as a generator and maintainer of mammalian circadian rhythms.
3639.txt: The BMW Championship itself rotates courses in the Upper Midwest, uh um um so including Cog Hill Golf & Country Club in Lemont, well um well well Illinois, Crooked Stick Golf Club in Carmel, Indiana, and Bellerive um okay you know I mean Country Club in the St. Louis suburb of Town and Country, Missouri.
605.txt: Born in Clonmel, County Tipperary, Fahey first arrived on the inter-county okay uh like well scene at the age of sixteen when he first linked um um well well up with the Tipperary minor team before later joining the under - 21 side.
4281.txt: The player can click anywhere on the mini-map to instantly um uh okay I mean jump to that location; however, the mini-map does not like uh so um initially display the entire battlefield; the player must explore the area for it to become fully mapped.
1853.txt: In 1990, he married Israeli - born Daphna Edwards well uh so so who is also Jewish; they have two children, Michele and Ashley.
3624.txt: The Ambassador sedan gained seven inches in length compared with you know well um like the 1973 versions due to the newly required 5 - okay um like I mean mph absorbing front and rear bumpers, as well as a new front - end design.
3902.txt: The alleged necessity to recognize a 'fallacy of naïve realism' I mean I mean well um seems, however, unwarranted considering the fact that I mean um I mean I mean a majority of the population, who arguably subscribe to okay you know you know I mean naïve common sense notions of reality, show no recognizable loss in their capacity to interact in cyberspace.
2731.txt: Moments later, L. C. Moves all - in okay I mean okay you know with the best hand against the last player, but gets um uh you know um rivered and falls short of his dream of winning 3 world championships.
1563.txt: He was the first son of John II and Beatrice, um uh okay um daughter of Henry III of England and Eleanor of Provence.
2373.txt: John B. Ridpath (; born 1936 ) is a um uh I mean um Canadian Objectivist intellectual historian and retired associate professor of economics and intellectual history at York University in Toronto.
3292.txt: Seppala introduced the American public to the work dogs used well okay so I mean by Native Siberians at the time; the breed came so uh so okay to be known as the 'Siberian Husky' in the English - speaking world.
1613.txt: HidesterVPN supports several protocols such as PPTP, L2TP / IPSec and so you know well so OpenVPN, additional features include DNS leak protection, IPv6 leak protection, multiple VPN gateways, unlimited bandwidth and split tunneling.
947.txt: During the Second World War, on the 21 May 1940, uh like um like the' Jeanne d'Arc', along with the 'Émile - you know um so you know Bertin', departed from Brest with a 200 - tonne cargo of gold from the Bank of France.
4819.txt: Vader and Luke fight again, during which Vader learns that like uh you know so Leia is Luke's twin sister and threatens to turn her to the dark side if Luke will not submit.
1953.txt: In January 2017 it was announced that SKINNY you know like like like ROADS the single was named the most played song on like like okay so Christian radio across Australia for 2016, the I mean well um uh song has also been nominated for 2016 APRA song of the year.
4738.txt: Tomáš Sedláček (January 8, 1918 -- August 27, 2012) graduated okay uh you know like from a military academy and fled to France in 1940 when his nation was occupied by Nazi troops.
4403.txt: The station is owned by Southern Oregon University, and is so I mean you know okay an affiliate of Jefferson Public Radio, airing JPR's 'Rhythm & News' service, consisting of news and adult album alternative music.
3494.txt: Stammering, Bobby suggests that there may have been an so you know uh well extra one, then realizes his mistake, but Ed says no, that you know so uh okay Drew was not wearing his life jacket and that he does not know why.
1232.txt: Grande's second studio album, 'My Everything' (2014), also I mean I mean like uh reached number one in the United States, and contained the hit singles 'Problem' and 'Break Free'.
1057.txt: Farouk was thin early in his reign but later gained like I mean um so weight, reaching nearly 136 kg (300 pounds) -- an acquaintance described him as 'a stomach with a head'.
236.txt: After recovering from the effect of kurrare, the Saints compare well I mean uh um notes and realize that Gabriel must be taking Shandala to the BIOCOM building.
3670.txt: The City of Sumter holds the distinction of being the well well like okay first to adopt the council - manager form of I mean I mean uh uh government shortly after it was founded on June 11, 1912.
3400.txt: Shortly after college, Powers began his professional career for the Columbus um like you know um Cottonmouths, a team within the Central Hockey League (CHL), and uh I mean I mean um was recognized for his on and off - ice performance when he was awarded 2000 -- 01 CHL Community Service Award.
2172.txt: It complements the existing DVB - H physical layer standard okay like I mean um and like its sister specification (DVB - H) uses okay so like um the DVB IP Datacast (IPDC) set of content delivery, electronic service guide and service purchase and protection standards.
3551.txt: TMC has a medical staff of over 1, 000 um uh uh like physicians complemented by 2, 200 workers engaged in allied medical, administrative and support services.
4187.txt: The median income for a household in the city is $ so um okay uh 36, 900, and the median income for a family is $ 43, 654.
512.txt: Australia and Denmark share a strong bilateral relationship okay like well um based on cooperation on many issues in um you know uh so international forums, a strong commitment to global security, and people - to - people links established over two centuries of migration.
3760.txt: The Lehri are a Brahui tribe in Balochistan, Pakistan and they are descended from Rind Baloch.
3673.txt: The College decided not to rebuild the Victorian temple in so I mean like you know the middle of the performing area because such 'temples' are not true to the design of ancient Greek amphitheatres.
3522.txt: Students also have access to the Southall Sports Centre you know I mean uh I mean run by the London Borough of Ealing, the well um so you know Sixth Form Centre, and separate facilities for adult learning and a vocational centre.
4163.txt: The macabre and the supernatural are frequent themes, and may um uh well um overlap with the fantasy, supernatural, and thriller genres.
3262.txt: Saunders was an expert on gulls and terns and was like like uh I mean secretary of the British Ornithologists 'Union from 1901 to 1907, uh um I mean like and first Secretary and Treasurer of the British Ornithologists' Club.
1777.txt: In 1789, Montgomery County was reduced in size by okay well okay well splitting off Ontario County; in 1791, Montgomery County was reduced further in size by splitting off Herkimer, Otsego, and Tioga Counties.
449.txt: As of October 2016 Global Infrastructure Partners had aggregate assets like um okay uh under management of approximately US $ 35 billion with its investments are largely concentrated in OECD countries.
1038.txt: Executive producer Rob Corn stated that his plan for the you know you know so you know original arc was about Jane Doe's inner life, struggling so uh um uh to get out of the situation she is trapped in, um you know you know well noting that the main characteristics of the actress they had been looking for were strength and vulnerabilty.
3230.txt: Russia had taken the fortress of Kars from the Turks like like I mean I mean during the Russo - Turkish War in 1877, when it you know well uh you know was incorporated into the militarily administered Kars Oblast, and you know uh well you know it now feared a Caucasus Campaign aimed at retaking Kars and the port of Batum.
3945.txt: The channel was previously occupied by WHYY - TV starting so um you know well in 1957, which later moved its city of license uh like like like and frequency to Channel 12 in nearby Wilmington, Delaware in 1963.
1927.txt: In April he stretch out to a mile and one you know I mean uh you know eighth and finished second again, this time to Dual like so so like Classic Winner Tim Tam in the Florida Derby also at Gulfstream.
1190.txt: General Sir Charles Wale (born 15th August well you know okay okay 1752) became Colonel of the 33rd ( The Duke of Wellington's ) Regiment of Foot on 25 February 1831.
1860.txt: In 1995, the 'Hetman Sahaydachniy' visited Abu so I mean uh well Dhabi during the 'Idex - 95' exhibitions, and also, with 'U402 Kostiantyn Olshansky', visited Norfolk, Virginia in the United States.
4748.txt: Tram services to Drummoyne and Ryde were serviced by I mean um okay like the Rozelle Tram Depot, the line, after departing the I mean okay so so depot travelled along the Crescent and Commercial Road, Glebe, turning left onto Victoria Road.
304.txt: Almost 150 people formed a rally at the CNN center um okay like you know in Atlanta to support the Palestinian people and call for the US government to stop supporting the state of Israel.
3722.txt: The Golfo Azzurro is a ship used by the Sea so uh uh okay Shepherd Conservation Society to observe whale hunting in the Faeroe Isles in mid- 2010.
2620.txt: Manuella 'Manny' Santos (born August 15, 1989) is a um um um well fictional character portrayed by Cassie Steele created by Linda Schuyler and Yan Moore.
4088.txt: The form of the trade was bartering, especially active between well so well uh 1897 and 1905, in spices, cassava, salted fish and bird - of - paradise.
4178.txt: The man who has the record for most okay I mean uh you know Joints rolled in one minute is actually a 15 year okay you know uh okay old boy called Sam Shafi he rolled a remarkable 54 joints in one minute smashing the 33 joint record.
4268.txt: The pelvis is the largest bony part of well well so so the skeleton and contains three joints: the pubic symphysis, and two sacroiliac joints.
4288.txt: The population was 12, 124 at the 2000 I mean like um well census, though a recent survey suggests a population of closer to 15, 000.
1802.txt: In 1917 the mine was involved in the like uh okay like Industrial Workers of the World miners' strike which led to like so like you know over 1000 miners being arrested and deported in what became known as the Bisbee Deportation.
2601.txt: Mahl and Knittel were later convicted of war crimes and sentenced to death, although both sentences were subsequently commuted.
4893.txt: When they are saying goodnight on her porch, he gets uh um okay uh the courage to ask if he can see her I mean uh um okay again and it is revealed that she is learning to live again also, but he doesn't know it.
4386.txt: The song has also been covered by 'Rockgrass' band Hayseed Dixie, like you know like I mean a band that covers popular rock / pop songs using a bluegrass style.
3331.txt: She continued the research, begun under Drinker, on air okay um um you know pollution until she left the school in 1977, becoming more interested uh so you know I mean in the role of metals in the inhalation of sulfuric acid.
3252.txt: Samuel Akintola, Premier of the Western Region, so okay well um as well as several high ranking Northern army officers; by contrast, only a single Igbo officer lost his life.
14.txt: 'Got You (Where I Want You)' was also featured uh like uh you know on the soundtrack for the 1998 MGM so like well like film Disturbing Behavior, which starred Katie Holmes. There music I mean so well well is also featured in The Crow salvation soundtrack, with the track I Know What You Want.
572.txt: Between 1914 and 1917 issues of the trade journal, 'Dog I mean um um like Fancier' contained notes and display ads from McEvoy so okay um um and Aldrich offering their dogs for sale and in 1917 I mean so well uh they sold off their dogs and closed down their kennel.
1115.txt: Forced to leave France by the outbreak of The Great War, so uh uh like August 1914 she arrived back in Adelaide and started teaching at the Adelaide School of Arts and Crafts.
3089.txt: Posing for Gerda in women's clothes, Lili became Gerda's favorite model, well okay you know okay and eventually came out as a male - to - female transsexual woman.
2830.txt: No record of their physical nature has survived except in so so um um the form of their characteristic arch; the doorway used to move between rooms.
1936.txt: In December 1990, 2nd Battalion, 5th Marines sailed for um well uh um the Persian Gulf in support of Operations Desert Shield / Desert okay okay well um Storm and later landed in Saudi Arabia and participated in the liberation of Kuwait.
1053.txt: Fanagalo is spoken in Zambia, Zimbabwe, and South Africa by less than half a million speakers.
1130.txt: Francis M. McDowell (1831 -- 1894), an American well um you know uh banker and farmer, was born of British Ancestry in Wayne, New York.
2349.txt: Jannings was a theater actor who eventually started a career in Hollywood.
3889.txt: The above map indicates the Category I lands reserved you know uh well so for Natives under the terms of the Crown - in okay uh uh well - right - of - Quebec, hunting, fishing and trapping uh I mean um um rights are reserved for natives and forestry, mining and tourism development authority is shared.
4588.txt: They learn in the cave that the dragons answer you know uh well well to an Alpha dragon called a Bewilderbeast, who can control like uh I mean I mean all dragons and has the ability to shoot ice instead of fire.
1648.txt: His maternal grandfather, James Pridmore, founded the West Glamorgan Coal well well okay you know Company, which allowed Heseltine to be brought up in relative luxury at No. 1, Uplands Crescent (now No. 5).
1252.txt: HAL Bangalore International Airport, also known as HAL Airport like okay so like or Hindustan Airport, was a domestic and international airport well okay so you know serving Bangalore, Karnataka, India, however it is now a okay okay well like defunct airport, which was replaced by the new Bengaluru International Airport on May 24, 2008.
1010.txt: English architecture begins with the architecture of the Anglo - I mean so so um Saxons; at least fifty surviving English churches are of Anglo you know okay so like - Saxon origin, although in some cases the Anglo - Saxon part is small and much - altered.
3997.txt: The cybernetic implants in her head, that were required as well I mean uh well a Weatherman, did put a bit of a strain on uh so okay so her relationship with Jackson, but soon Henry Bendix returned as Weatherman and Christine was restored to normal.
2020.txt: In flashback, it is shown that he was part of uh you know um okay Operation Cerberus with Castle and a former US Navy Special Amphibious Reconnaissance Corpsman.
2291.txt: It was founded in 1994 by Kevin Wentworth Preston and well I mean uh so is based in the village of Pinkney near Malmesbury, Wiltshire, an area of England known as the Cotswolds.
2311.txt: It will premiere on February 28, 2011 and be simulcast I mean um uh um in 3DTV on in Las Vegas, was first broadcast in January well uh uh well 2006 and consisted of 13 episodes, hosted by A um you know uh I mean. J. Benza and comedian / actor - turned - poker pro Gabe Kaplan.
292.txt: All jackets are made of 100 % cotton waterproof outer - uh like uh uh shell and 100 % down proof nylon lining, and are you know like well um down - filled with Ukrainian grey duck and with you know uh you know I mean 320 more feathers is both the parkas and the bombers.
20.txt: 'Kuka Kanyini' draws on traditional land management practices and well um okay I mean sets out priorities for scientists to work with Indigenous communities to help them manage their lands themselves.
583.txt: Bishop took over the editorial desk of 'The Friend' well so you know I mean in 1887, and while some believed he used it okay uh uh like to pursue his political agenda, others called it a 'crowning service to this community and to humanity'.
667.txt: By February 2004, Intel announced the EM64T instruction set, formerly known as Yamhill, it derived from AMD's AMD64.
375.txt: Anne Everett (1943 - 2013) was an um uh I mean you know American artist from the Blue Ridge Mountains, Bedford well well so you know county, Virginia: she is best known for her work um um okay so as an abstract expressionist, a colourist and, after 1995, as an icon painter.
2325.txt: Its signal also covers the Detroit, Michigan metropolitan area so like well well across the international border in the United States, and therefore you know so you know uh is counted as a Detroit station for the purposes of territorial programming rights.
1340.txt: He first attracted the attention of the media in so I mean well like 1986 when he created a new society to invite the I mean so you know so Ambassador of South Africa, Glenn Babb after the International Law uh so I mean I mean Society had withdrawn an invitation, deeming it too controversial because of the issue of apartheid.
128.txt: A versatile player, comfortable in the center or right side of midfield, he represented Colombia at all youth levels.
2587.txt: Lynchings reached a peak in the late 19th and like um like well early 20th centuries, when Southern states changed you know like okay uh their constitutions and electoral rules to disfranchise blacks and, having well um so um regained political power, enacted a series of segregation and Jim Crow laws to reestablish White supremacy.
1914.txt: In 2012 he was presented with the Smith you know well uh so - Murphy Award for Outstanding Teaching, as well as a Young Professional Award from Kent State University.
2012.txt: In cocoa cooperatives, buyers also contribute money to community like well like um development, allowing cocoa farmers to increase product quality, I mean like okay well build infrastructure, train workers, bring safe drinking water to their communities and establish local health clinics and schools.
2588.txt: Lyon believes that the network mapping can help detect and so well well like assess sites of disasters in the world, citing the significant destruction of Internet capabilities after a disaster.
4451.txt: The unit moved to France on 8 October 1917, like you know like okay although on 7 November, No. 28 Squadron was transferred okay well I mean you know to Italy and most of the unit, including aircraft uh well you know uh and with Barker temporarily in command, travelled by train to Milan.
926.txt: During World War I Balla's studio became the meeting place you know like so I mean for young artists but by the end of the like you know uh well war the Futurist movement was showing signs ofUnited States and I mean I mean uh so in 1935 was made a member of Rome's Accademia di San Luca.
2940.txt: On the 27 March 2008 at 5. 40pm on the like well uh you know westbound carriageway of the A14 between Girton and Histon so like like um an accident involved two cars and two lorries - both car drivers died.
1445.txt: He moved to Delhi following the partition of India in 1947, you know so you know well but desiring to move beyond accompaniment and frustrated with his you know okay uh well supporting role, Narayan moved to Mumbai to work in Indian cinema in 1949.
1882.txt: In 2004, Dragić joined Ilirija of the Slovenian 1B league for the 2004 -- 05 season.
3600.txt: The 2000 -- 01 season saw Manchester City relegated, however, I mean you know you know well Tiatto performed well for the struggling club, and won Manchester City's Player of the Year award for the season.
1935.txt: In December 1944, the 352nd received orders to um well like like deploy to a remote field in Belgium designated you know so you know well 'Y - 29' and after arriving on the 22nd, began operating on the 24th.
3701.txt: The Emergency Services (Obstruction) Act 2006 (c. 39) is like uh so so an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom intended so well so um to reduce the instances of obstruction of, or assaults, on emergency service personnel.
4431.txt: The third book in the series, 'The Mammoth Hunters' was released I mean I mean okay okay in Fall 1985, and details Ayla's personal growth as um well so uh she learns to cope with a society of um so uh well widely disparate individuals and their unpredictable behaviors and mysterious motivations and habits.
859.txt: Despite the fact that it is sometimes called the well um um okay otaheite cashew, 'Syzygium malaccense' is not related to cashew you know you know uh you know -- an important distinction because cashew nuts (but like I mean okay you know not cashew fruits) may trigger allergic reactions while rose apple fruit has not been observed to do so.
982.txt: Edison approved of Ford's automobile experimentation; encouraged by him, Ford designed and built a second vehicle, completing it in 1898.
266.txt: After the war he returned to the Treasury and in 1921 well okay like I mean he became Principal Private Secretary to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, serving several successive Chancellors including Winston Churchill.
4217.txt: The new features include an additional seating area, bicycle storage and the area is also being completely pedestrianised.
3440.txt: Six new Alstom Coradia LINT trainsets were purchased um I mean I mean so in order to replace and retire the 3 Bombardier Talent trainsets which, so okay like like along with the 2 extra passing loops, will double so so you know you know the number of trains on the line to four and reduce wait times.
592.txt: Bo Saris was born in Venlo, Netherlands, and now resides in London, England.
3372.txt: She studied painting at the Imperial Academy of Arts in uh so um so Saint Petersburg (Императорская Академия художеств) between 1891 and well uh uh okay 1901 and was entitled 'artist' (Russian: художника) for her picture 'B' ehind the scenes '(' За кулисами' ).
1296.txt: He argues that because paper companies have incentives to replenish their you know uh so well forests, large demands for paper lead to large forests, while reduced demand for paper leads to fewer 'farmed' forests.
444.txt: As late as 1905 there were still Chinese so like you know like miners that continued to work in the American Canyon, but I mean um well um by that time they were quite elderly and numbered fewer than ten.
53.txt: A Green - oriented Elvish planeswalker originated from the plane uh okay okay um of Zendikar that uses the raw energy of her own plane to defend herseelf and her kin from an ancient alien menace.
274.txt: Agnieszka Chylińska and Małgorzata Foremniak returned as judges and well so okay okay were joined by Ukrainian sand artist Tetiana Galitsyna, who received PLN 300, 000.
853.txt: Dermot Richard Claud Chichester, 7th Marquess of Donegall, LVO (18 like like you know I mean April 1916 -- 19 April 2007) was the like um I mean so second son of Arthur Chichester, 4th Baron Templemore, whom he succeeded in the Barony.
3900.txt: The album was produced and arranged by Henry 'Junjo' Lawes, like okay so uh The Riddim Tracks were recorded at Channel One and so like uh okay played by The Roots Radics Band, All the tracks were mixed by Scientist at King Tubby's Studio.
3523.txt: Students applying for degree candidacy must successfully complete three uh like like you know 4 - credit liberal arts courses at Harvard with so well okay okay at least a B grade, and maintain a minimum um like like um 3. 0 cumulative GPA; one of these three pre-admission courses must be EXPO E- 25 Expository Writing.
1275.txt: Hannia Guillen (born 1982 in Ciego de Ávila, Cuba) well like well uh is a Cuban - American actress best known for her well like um so portrayal of Paloma Lopez - Fitzgerald on the NBC daytime television soap opera 'Passions' from October 16, 2007 to 2008.
1643.txt: His funeral was attended by over 100, 000 so uh so like people and there was widespread sadness at his death; he well like I mean like was a popular player with both cricketers and spectators due to his attacking batting and his warm personality.
2796.txt: Neil Clark (born 8 October 1981) is currently a rugby union player for Exeter Chiefs in the Aviva Premiership.
2713.txt: Mineral ore could now be brought relatively conveniently to market; uh I mean okay so this not only brought about transfer of the transportation from other routes so well you know you know to the canal, but it encouraged further exploration and mineral extraction, which then augmented carrying on the canal.
216.txt: After getting a negative response from them, he himself implemented the um you know uh um Group Mediclaim Policy for the needy 22, 450 families um well you know well in Ghatkopar, covering people, having a sum assured of Rs. 50, 000 / - per family, through Oriental Insurance Company.
71.txt: A few years later, when Grinstead's family relocated to okay okay you know well Whitesboro, Texas, he chose to remain remain in Indian Territory, um well you know um where he supported himself by working a variety of odd so okay so uh jobs before finding fulltime employment as a printer with The Ardmore Weekly Courier.
2697.txt: Michael Armand Hammer (born September 8, 1955) is the son of uh you know um uh Julian Armand Hammer and the grandson of American industrialist and philanthropist Armand Hammer.
4941.txt: With a guard's compartment in the centre and uh um okay okay two large areas either side for storing luggage they were so so okay like a very versatile type of coach and could be found I mean uh um I mean all over the British Railways network and some are still in use today - although not in conventional use.
3959.txt: The clothes line wraps around Tod's neck, and slowly like uh okay like suffocates him as he desperately attempts to free himself, but he eventually dies.
3888.txt: The Yumbo name refers to a smaller snack based sandwich okay you know like I mean from the 1970s and early 1980s of the same name so so so well which was a hot ham and cheese sandwich served on a hamburger roll.
1941.txt: In February 1781, the Scindias lost a battle to the uh um okay I mean British there, which resulted in a mutual - defense treaty the following October.
4024.txt: The exhaust exited through vectoring nozzles in the center of gravity which were vectorable through about 90º.
564.txt: Berdella died of a heart attack in 1992 at like okay so uh Jefferson City Correctional Center, after writing letters to a minister uh like I mean like claiming the prison officials were not giving him his heart medication.
1603.txt: Her style has been referred to as 'Amy Winehouse so I mean okay uh meets Lily Allen', a description she's very proud of, citing Rihanna, Beyoncé and Dusty Springfield as additional influences.
3107.txt: Prior to August 19, 2006, the exam was a um I mean okay uh paper - and - pencil test; since January 27, you know like um um 2007, however, all administrations of the exam have been computer - based.
1094.txt: Food and drink is permitted during the shows, which are free, though donations are encouraged.
1506.txt: He toured with Dead Can Dance in the nineties but so okay uh uh since the Spiritchaser tour in 1996 he has focussed his energies on Kíla and his solo work.
4965.txt: Work began to accelerate in 2000, with the section between Interstate 35 and U. S. Route 65 becoming four lanes that year.
2524.txt: Leaving the university without graduating, she travelled to the United you know uh I mean so States, where she studied at Columbia University and met her first husband.
70.txt: A few other dogs played Petey but Lucenay's Peter was well uh okay um the most famous, after being fired from the Our I mean uh uh like Gang series Harry Lucenay retired Pete to Atlantic City okay so I mean you know N. J. Where he was photographed with children at the famed Steel Pier.
2984.txt: Originally built in 1942 as the home 216 Maintenance Unit RAF, you know okay I mean like the site was renamed St George'sBarracks and went well so um so on to become the regional centre for infantry training as the Fusilier Brigade Depot in 1960.
2219.txt: It is known for containing amygdalin, a poisonous compound um like like you know that, together with the related synthetic compound laetrile, has been marketed as an alternative cancer treatment.
1171.txt: Gail Charlene Boggs (born August 10, 1951 in Montclair, New uh um um okay Jersey) is an American actress best known for her role as Louise Brown in the 1990 film 'Ghost'.
3805.txt: The Pancor Jackhammer is fully automatic and thus classified you know you know like uh as a machine gun by the United States and uh okay okay so are regulated as such by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives.
585.txt: Bjerkreim is a municipality in the county of Rogaland, Norway, in the southwestern part of the country.
97.txt: A native of the United Kingdom, Payne has long been an well well uh like outspoken critic of bans on online gambling and okay okay uh I mean an ardent supporter of legalization and regulation of the industry.
4923.txt: Widely characterized as a 'Zionist epic', 'Cinema and the uh I mean um so Shoah: an art confronts the tragedy of the twentieth century'.
2278.txt: It was concluded that this crash was a type like uh so I mean known as C. F. I. T. (Controlled Flight Into um I mean like uh Terrain) and that there were no defects with the aircraft or okay okay like like its systems which contributed to the crash, for this the failure to read the instruments correctly rests with the captain.
2056.txt: In some mosques there is a platform ( 'müezzin mahfili' uh you know um well in Turkish ) opposite the minbar where the assistant of the Imam, the muezzin, stands during prayer.
2727.txt: Mohamed A. Omaar is the elder son of Abdullahi well um you know well Omaar the famous elder and businesman, he was you know you know uh okay born in Hargaisa in 1st of July 1953, his young brothers uh I mean well I mean are Raqiya Omaar the Human rights advocate and the famous journalist Rageh Omaar.
2785.txt: Naeun was a JYP Entertainment trainee and made a cameo appearance in Got7's MV for 'Stop Stop It'.
1398.txt: He is best known for his time in WWE I mean like like okay under the ring name Simon Gotch, where he held the like so um like NXT Tag Team Championship as one - half of The Vaudevillains along with Aiden English.
232.txt: After moving to Melbourne, Australia to teach Traditional Wing Chun you know I mean you know okay professionally in 1973, Cheung established his wing chun studio in Melbourne's CBD, which attracts hundreds of new students each year.
1299.txt: He attended public school in St. Joseph, Missouri, and the Western Military Academy in Newcastle, Kentucky.
4973.txt: Yangyang has since been suspended, as Yangyang International Airport so you know you know you know was closed in late 2008, currently no inter-Korean flights run according to laws in both countries.
3542.txt: Susan Marie Groppi won the in 2010 for her like um okay okay work as Editor - in - Chief on 'Strange Horizons', and um so like like the magazine itself was nominated for the Best Website Hugo Award in 2002 and 2005.
2692.txt: Mersin İdmanyurdu took place in 1990 -- 91 Second League uh uh you know um in Group C and finished 3rd with 19 wins and 69 goals.
4931.txt: William Lawson - (14 March 1772 -- 25 okay um like okay Auguast, 1848) was a businessman, office holder, justice of okay okay so uh the peace, and politician born in Halifax, you know uh I mean so Nova Scotia, in Canada, and the son of John Lawson and Sarah Shatford.
2926.txt: On November 3, 1896, Russell was elected Governor of North Carolina and served one - four year term.
2372.txt: John Adam Belushi (; January 24, 1949 -- you know like like I mean March 5, 1982 ) was an American comedian, actor, and um so I mean um musician, best known as one of the original cast I mean you know um uh members of the NBC sketch comedy show 'Saturday Night Live'.
1415.txt: He is the older brother of Tom Axworthy, um so so uh MA and PhD from Princeton University in 1963 and 1972 okay you know you know um respectively, returning to Canada to teach at the University of Manitoba and the University of Winnipeg.
4849.txt: WMMB's transmitter is located in southern Brevard County, okay uh I mean you know Florida and it's content is simulcast in North Brevard on it's sister station 1350AM WMMV.
1237.txt: Graves did this as comic relief in the novel, but I mean um uh you know in reality she did not have a reputation of gluttony.
841.txt: David William 'Hughesy' Hughes (born 26 November 1970) is an Australian stand - up comedian, radio and television presenter.
4657.txt: This track cycling event consists of a single race in which the uh well uh uh cyclist with the most points at the end of the race wins.
2296.txt: It was located about two miles southeast of present okay um well I mean - day town of Marshfield and was okay um okay okay the site of the first meetings of the township trustees in the 1830s.
2597.txt: Macbeth in Munich, Traviata at Wiener Staatsoper at September 2012 the okay um okay uh Duke in 'Rigoletto' San Francisco Opera, conducted by M ° Luisotti.
2021.txt: In foreign policy, Fillmore supported U. S. Naval expeditions to open like okay I mean okay trade in Japan, opposed French designs on Hawaii, and was embarrassed by Narciso López's filibuster expeditions to Cuba.
3637.txt: The Authority also sought to help control flooding on well okay like I mean the lower Mississippi River, especially in the aftermath of the um um so so Ohio River flood of 1937, as research had shown that 4 % uh you know I mean uh of the water in the lower Mississippi originates in the Tennessee River watershed.
3294.txt: Serena's sudden change in mood convinced Scott that she was too so okay okay uh embarrassed to be seen with him, and this incident went well so uh um on to mar his first day at the like I mean okay um school where his over-eagerness and clumsiness made it difficult for him to fit in.
2801.txt: Nevzorov Haute Ecole (NHE) - is a modern school so well um uh created by Alexander Nevzorov and is based on the ancient Haute Ecole principles and human horse treatment.
1227.txt: Governments are particularly susceptible to accusations of cronyism as um um um so they spend public money this is why democratic governments are encouraged to have transparency in their accounting and contracting processes.
637.txt: Broomfield was born in West Palm Beach, Florida, and grew up as uh you know uh uh part of a family group, La Voyage, playing in local clubs.
2609.txt: Major Paul I. 'Pappy' Gunn modified some USAAF Douglas A- okay you know uh like 20 Havoc light bombers by installing four machine guns in uh I mean well well their noses, and two fuel tanks were added to give the aircraft more range.
255.txt: After the establishment of the National Science and I mean I mean like uh Technology Development Agency (NSTDA) on 30 December 1991, BIOTEC uh so well uh became one of the NSTDA centers, operating outside the normal framework of civil service and state enterprises.
4076.txt: The flagging duties were moved to the new perch, previously they so okay like okay were done from a small trackside platform, and prior to that, on the race track itself.
2396.txt: Joseph left the family business and received his B. A so okay so so. From Boston College, started working as a bond trader at like like I mean you know Merrill Lynch on Wall Street, but after a year returned to the family's restaurant business.
4321.txt: The reserve includes a trail (Mill Trail) and medieval bridges um so I mean I mean and is home to several habitats including a poplar plantation, reedbed and species - rich wet meadows.
3375.txt: She used it to burst out of the tanker, um uh um like destroying any White Whale members that were near, and to you know um you know okay form giant robotic suits of armour around herself and her teammates.
4985.txt: Younger uncle Karunai Prakasar get married and wrote more than five books in Tamil.
769.txt: Clifford Herschel Moore, Ph. D. (1866 -) was an American okay like well well Latin scholar, born at Sudbury, Mass. , and educated you know well uh you know at Harvard (A. B. , 1889) and in Europe at Munich (Ph. D. , 1897).
2161.txt: It also made for easy entry through the driver's well like um like door and no cold steel up a driver's leg but you know I mean so I mean the petrol tank was in the scuttle and its filler was above the gear lever in the centre of the dashboard.
2228.txt: It is not acceptable to delete information from an article because well okay so um it spoils the plot if that would interfere with, encyclopedic um you know you know uh tone, completeness, or any other element of article quality (for example, the).
2197.txt: It is 'red, smooth and shiny', its epithelium is thinner than well uh I mean okay that of the gums, is non-keratinized, and is not connected to underlying tissue by rete pegs.
2319.txt: Its natural habitat is rivers and it is threatened by habitat loss.
2799.txt: Nevertheless, his criminal record would include over 20 arrests and like okay you know okay convictions and, in January 1909, he was finally convicted of grand larceny and sentenced to 20 years imprisonment.
2258.txt: It reached also the top position on the uh like uh well Canadian Adult Contemporary Chart, and was a top well um so okay 10 hit in Denmark, Italy, Switzerland, France, and Canada where okay okay uh uh it was certified gold for selling over 20, 000 digital downloads.
495.txt: At the end of the race Axwell wins you know so I mean um and a photo finish photograph is taken and it comes out and gets blown away into the desert.
278.txt: Al Wilson finally won the Schenley award for Most I mean okay uh well Outstanding Offensive Lineman and receiver / return Leon Bright captured the Schenley Rookie award.
3520.txt: Stuart Hanlon is a criminal defense lawyer based in I mean you know okay I mean San Francisco, California who defended Geronimo Pratt and members of the Symbionese Liberation Army.
4611.txt: This appears fairly straightforward at this point; no apparent problems as yet.
2781.txt: Mystery Incorporated', Abin Sur in', and various teachers in I mean okay you know uh 'Recess', one of the mail men in 'Rugrats', and various characters in 'The Buzz On Maggie'.
2288.txt: It was first published in the horror anthology 'Shock Rock' um you know um you know and later included in King's collection 'Nightmares & Dreamscapes', so so uh okay concerning a young couple on a road trip so okay so I mean in Oregon when they accidentally wander into a small town inhabited by dead musicians.
303.txt: Alma reserves her life to manage day - to okay like I mean okay - day tasks in the house, and be a 24 well uh um um hour personal - companion to whatever Johan demands her to do, be or perform at any particular moment.
3226.txt: Russell, the leader of the robbers, demands food and the police supply them with pizzas whose boxes include listening devices.
2834.txt: Noel Gugliemi (born in 1970 in Santa Monica, California) okay well so uh is an American actor born to an Italian father and a Mexican mother.
1970.txt: In May 1938 a new constitution was adopted, which echoed the um you know okay um previous constitution's statement that Vilnius was the permanent capital of Lithuania and that Kaunas was merely a temporary capital.
1143.txt: Freudenstadt is a town in Baden - Württemberg, Germany, and is capital of the district Freudenstadt.
319.txt: Although L'Enfant designed city's original street layout in 1791, surveyor Washington so I mean I mean well County (on the Maryland side of the Potomac) and Alexandria County (on the Virginia side).
3592.txt: The 1873 grist mill is a three - story structure uh you know I mean so set into the hill, with a frame board and um okay okay I mean batten - clad third story set on a two - story stone foundation.
3118.txt: Programs in the ROM modules could be called from a you know okay um so user program, using the ubiquitous XEQ function, that appeared I mean I mean okay well as 'XROM' when used to refer to a ROM program.
2400.txt: José María Caro Martínez was elected the first Mayor, and formalized the city plan in 1894.
2661.txt: Matters worsened for Maximilian after the French armies withdrew so well uh like from Mexico in 1866, and he was captured and executed by the Mexican government in 1867.
3155.txt: Rebecca's boss is replaced yet again, who is interested well well I mean um in her and decides to reassign Rebecca as manager.
1871.txt: In 2001, Adut completed a TAFE course equivalent to a high um you know you know um school certificate, then went on to complete an Advanced Diploma in Accounting at TAFE.
1295.txt: He announces over the intercom that the staff and like I mean you know you know prisoners are free to leave through the one available you know um so um exit - the front door and that he is taking back the Asulymn that is his family heritage.
1070.txt: Finally, I got my first computer when I was uh okay um well 7, a Windows Vista Laptop, inspiron 1525, two and an so well um um half years later I got a toshiba satellite laptop uh I mean uh uh with Windows 7 but within a year the casing started to split.
4255.txt: The original mission duration was to be only three years, like um so well but in June 2005, 14 years after the satellite's launch, six of its ten instruments were still operational.
2864.txt: Olav Terje Bergo is chief editor of Bergensavisen BA, a so uh well I mean post he has held since 1984, and was so so you know I mean chairman of the board of the Norwegian Media Business organization from 2002 to 2005.
2714.txt: Mini-Me can't talk, and often expresses himself with writing, um uh okay so but uses his middle finger to insult someone whenever necessary (See Mini-Me).
1009.txt: Empress Genshō was an elder sister of Emperor Mommu and well okay well I mean daughter of Prince Kusakabe and his wife and later Empress so so like well Empress Gemmei, therefore a granddaughter of Emperor Temmu well um um okay and Empress Jitō by her father and a granddaughter of Emperor Tenji through her mother.
4129.txt: The initial route was to run from Chattanooga to a spot called well well I mean okay simply 'Terminus,' located east of the Chattahoochee River, uh so you know so which would eventually be linked to the Georgia Railroad uh I mean okay okay from Augusta and the Macon and Western Railroad, which ran from Macon to Savannah.
2480.txt: Kreon was a fictional character featured in comic books published well um you know um by DC Comics he was a Green Lantern from the world of Tebis.
285.txt: Alice Lucille McCoy (born March 29, 1948) was like well you know like a Republican State Representative from District 35 in Pennington County, South Dakota from 1999 to 2006.
4134.txt: The investment in Sampoerna represented a strategic move well you know uh you know for Altria, as although Marlboro is by far the okay so uh uh most popular Western - style (non kretek cigarette), most Indonesians still smoke kretek cigarettes.
3705.txt: The Executive Director is Cindy Cohn, she held the office of Legal Director at EFF from 2000 - 2015.
1346.txt: He graduated Boston College, the Columbia University Graduate School of um like uh I mean Journalism (with honors), and was a 1965 Society of Nieman Fellows at Harvard University.
173.txt: Active shutter 3D systems are used to present 3D um uh well you know films in some theaters, and they can be used to um like like well present 3D images on CRT, plasma, LCD and other types of video displays.
3469.txt: Some of the problems with viewing consonant gradation in Finnish um you know you know um as purely an issue of syllable structure is that well like well well the language has undergone various phonetic changes due to which uh okay um like not all weak grades occur in closed syllables, and not all strong grades occur in open syllables.
107.txt: A quantitative trait locus (QTL) is a region of DNA that well I mean you know okay is associated with a particular phenotypic trait - these QTLs are often found on different chromosomes.
3108.txt: Prior to his appointment as the Secretary of the Department well you know uh so of Health, Flavier went to serve village folk in okay like well like Nueva Ecija and Cavite, and became president of the Philippine Rural Reconstruction Movement in 1967.
4302.txt: The project for the church was entrusted by the engineer um um uh um Maggi, and on August 8 1926, Monsignor Roberto Colombo placed the first stone of the church.
2008.txt: In case of febrile seizures, medical advice can be so like you know um sought for reassurance, however febrile seizures are not harmful, do well like uh you know not require treatment, and have no long term negative effects unless they last longer than five minutes.
4061.txt: The first church on the site was dedicated to St uh you know uh you know Peter and described as the Church of Westleigh in Leigh, its okay so okay well dedication changed to St Mary the Virgin at the end of the 14th century.
603.txt: Born and raised in Hyderabad, she is the granddaughter of I mean well you know I mean statesmen Muhammad Saleh Akbar Hydari and J. Rameshwar Rao.
3081.txt: Police believe her death was gang - related, like okay so well coincidentally mirroring her most well - known role - although I mean so so I mean they also speculate she was not a like um well um gang member herself, rather she was simply at the wrong place at the wrong time.
2269.txt: It was also a controversial production, as its well okay like um stories were partly based on real people and events, and you know like so well several years passed before it was adapted from a play performed by okay um uh like the Royal Shakespeare Company, due in part to the BBC's fear of litigation.
1830.txt: In 1964, a broad swathe was cut through this small forest uh you know so I mean for electrical power lines, despite the area being surrounded by clear country and declared a protected area.
4632.txt: This is the most basic of the CDC family okay you know you know um of profiles hackedis a set of Java APIs tuned for uh okay well you know low - footprint devices that have limited resources that do not need a graphical user interface system.
4057.txt: The first Bentley capable of running on both petrol I mean well uh like (gasoline) and biofuel (E85 ethanol), its 6. 0 litre so so okay you know W12 engine was rated at 6, 000 rpm and like um like I mean at 1, 700 - 5, 600 rpm - using either fuel.
3196.txt: Robert Nugent Dunbar (died 1866), poet, lived many years in the Antilles and elsewhere in the West Indies.
413.txt: As Austin confronts Dr. Evil, Dr. Evil gives him a well uh like you know choice: save the world or Felicity, who is locked in a chamber with poison gas.
768.txt: Cleveland has four trains per day, all but one run in the middle of the night.
4171.txt: The main problem was proof of guilt and thus the Redferns are about to depart with smugness.
549.txt: Before the founding of Russellville, a small town located um you know um well on the Arkansas River, called Norristown, served as the county seat from 1830 - 1840.
3227.txt: Russell admitted that he molested Susan when she was uh you know well so a teenager and had consensual sex with her as an adult. As Susan was growing up she faced many hard times.
3935.txt: The building was then turned into a railway heritage I mean so um so centre in 1979 by the Butetown Historic Railway Society and well I mean you know I mean by 1994 started to run steam hauled passenger services up 500m of track.
3455.txt: Sol Joel Park is a public park in like well so so Earley, a suburb in east Reading, Berkshire, England, on so well okay you know the Wokingham Road was given to the Corporation of Reading in 1927 by Solomon Joel.
3085.txt: Poon is the executive chairman of his Hong uh like I mean um Kong listed vehicle Dickson Concepts, which owns companies including Harvey Nichols and S. T. Dupont.
221.txt: After his father's death in 1945, and after extensive well well like okay consultation with a number of Shanghai's authoritative philatelic experts and well well so like philatelic literature collectors, he compiled and supplemented his father's um okay um you know original manuscripts and then translated the entire work from traditional Chinese to English.
2600.txt: Madison Smartt Bell (August 1, 1957 -) was born and raised in Tennessee.
4385.txt: The song, which describes the speaker's desire to retreat like uh like okay from other people to the ocean, is among uh well so you know the most famous works of both artists and has been covered by many other notable performers.
1074.txt: Fisher and her mother appear together in' (2016), a well so you know well documentary about their relationship that premiered at the 2016 Cannes Film Festival.
540.txt: Because of fear to be delivered to Sowjetunion Backe hang himself in his cell on 6 April 1947.
1250.txt: H. P is also a character in the video game Oh uh I mean like I mean Sir! the insult simulator which is created by Vile Monarch.
4104.txt: The grandson of Tokugawa Yoshikatsu, the last lord of Owari han, well um you know okay he served as chamberlain during World War II. Yoshihiro was famous um uh uh you know for saving the recording of Emperor Hirohito's surrender like I mean uh okay address from destruction by army officials who wished to continue the war.
3104.txt: Priest returns to the city and confronts Monsignor Orelas, like okay so okay telling him of the burnt train containing the vampires' you know well you know um bodies, which he proves by throwing a vampire head onto the floor.
709.txt: Carvalho then enrolled at the University of Hawaii on um well well um a full football athletic scholarship, where he earned a bachelor's degree in communications and public relations in 1983.
2169.txt: It can be easier to lose than a um you know um like flying disc, especially over long distances: its low well um I mean well profile can make it hard to spot on the ground, and, in particular, it gets caught on tree branches more easily.
726.txt: Champion of Torm, Dwarven Defender, Pale Master, Red Dragon Disciple, like so you know I mean Shifter, and Weapon Master; and other new features such you know so well you know as the ability to hire two henchman at once and like um um like the increase of the maximum attainable character level from 20 to 40.
1714.txt: However, in the end McDuff opted to use a piece like um so so of broomstick from his car, he choked Sullivan, and then okay uh well uh he and Green dumped her body in some bushes.
923.txt: During Allama Azmi's stay in the UK, he received an you know um so uh offer to manage the Asharafiya University, generated by Huzoor Hafiz - e - Millat.
4378.txt: The six episode series was filmed in Khoo's okay you know well so Paris kitchen, and began airing on British TV on 19 March 2012.
3465.txt: Some have later chambers that are flared out like a fan, others are shaped like leaves.
1116.txt: Forensic investigators entered the flat as police cordoned off the so I mean okay well street outside; they recovered one small and two large bottles of vodka from her room.
3604.txt: The 2008 Patriot League Men's Basketball Tournament, a part of like okay I mean like the 2007 - 08 NCAA Division I men's basketball uh you know I mean so season, took place on March 5, 2008 as uh like so okay a single - elimination tournament, with games being played at the higher seeds' home courts.
3614.txt: The ABC affiliation for the Columbus - Tupelo - okay well well okay West Point market will move to the of WTVA; before like so um like this announcement, Comcast had planned to import an out - of - market ABC affiliate.
4924.txt: Wiebe co-founded the 'Cincinnati Poetry Review' in 1975, and the Cincinnati Writer's Project (CWP) in 1987.
4567.txt: They are known to lurk in crevices among rocky debris, uh so um um feeding on tiny, stray springtails and flies that are blown up the mountainside from lower altitudes.
2152.txt: Iron fittings were excavated on the eastern side of okay okay I mean okay the aforementioned grave, of which further excavation yielded a well - preserved lock.
2069.txt: In the 19th century an oficial archetectural survey declared well well um like the spire unsafe and dangerous the Town Council were ordered to take it down or make it safe.
1371.txt: He has reportedly spent thousands to look like uh well like well the player. He also captured a little child who pretends to be Shanta's little brother.
2057.txt: In spite of that Russian alternative 2005 Final Festival was planned so uh like I mean to be presentation of the CD, release date was okay like okay um deelayed up to the May, 2006, because of the negotiatations so you know so um with Sony / BMG about track On ne changera Rien by Pleymo.
3565.txt: Taylor Smith is an American basketball player who recently okay you know um uh completed an All - American college career at Stephen F. Austin State University.
1405.txt: He is known for his presence on YouTube playing like you know I mean okay bass guitar and session work, performing with Grammy Award - okay you know so I mean winning R&B artist, Ne - Yo on his fourth studio album.
336.txt: Alves was in the Tony winning revival of 'Anything you know like well uh Goes' with Sutton Foster and Joel Grey. He um uh like so most recently starred in the 2014 Broadway revival of 'On The Town'.
3386.txt: She was born in Honolulu, Hawaii, and is a graduate of Sarah Lawrence College.
759.txt: Civil Affairs soldiers are responsible for executing five well um so well core CA tasks, Civil Information Management, Foreign Humanitarian Assistance, Nation Assistance, Population and Resource Control, and Support to Civil Administration.
1399.txt: He is best known for writing about security issues for like uh well you know the 'Washington Post' SecurityFix 'blog, which he founded in March you know uh uh okay 1995, with dozens of his blog articles being printed in the hardcopy' Washington Post' newspaper itself.
3337.txt: She first sells her body to a German guard uh so um you know in return for food; she becomes fond of another guard, Karl (Gianni Garko).
4778.txt: Ultimately, they came to the conclusion that the (unnamed) choice okay uh I mean um was going to do something 'too glossy' and wanted to so so well you know present something more nuanced & interesting, and reached out to renowned documentary filmmaker D. A. Pennebaker,.
985.txt: Edward Richard O'Malley (March 13, 1863 -- May 30, uh okay you know well 1935) was an American lawyer and politician who was New you know you know so like York Attorney General and as a justice of the New York Supreme Court.
2977.txt: Operating system designer Linus Torvalds has criticized the default you know so um I mean file system of OS X, HFS Plus, saying it is I mean you know I mean okay 'probably the worst file - system ever', whose design is 'actively corrupting user data'.
2591.txt: M. H. Douglas born as Muhammad Hussain (Arabic / uh you know you know okay Persian / Urdu: محمد حسین) was a Stunt director, I mean so um uh Action Director, Action Co-ordinator who choreographed fight and action scenes for many Bollywood Hits.
1059.txt: Father Came Too! is a British comedy film first released in like um okay okay 1963, starring James Robertson Justice, Stanley Baxter, Leslie Phillips, Sally Smith, Ronnie Barker and Kenneth Cope.
2114.txt: In the summer of 2009, they were once again so I mean so uh invited to perform at the Montreal Jazz Fest. In December, however, okay you know okay well the members announced on their website they had decided to quit as a band.
4235.txt: The one hundredth running of the annual event was uh I mean okay okay held in 2009; it was canceled twice due to well like uh um World War I and lack of organizers in 1918 and 1919.
3692.txt: The Directorate - General for Energy and Transport (DG like uh so so TREN), in operation since 1 January 2000, was created by merging so uh okay well the Directorate - General for Transport and the Directorate - General for Energy.
4857.txt: Wayne's Coffee is a Swedish - based coffee - house I mean you know I mean okay chain with locations in several Scandinavian countries as well as futher out into the Baltic region.
485.txt: At that time the Department of Defence was of relatively little like um well okay consequence in the Commonwealth government; each service (Navy, Army and you know I mean I mean you know Air Force) had its own separate department with its own minister.
2306.txt: It was the worst civilian aviation incident ever to take place in you know I mean you know so Portugal until the crash of TAP Portugal Flight 425 in 1977.
839.txt: David Pallett (born 8 February 1990) is um well well you know an English darts player currently playing in Professional Darts Corporation events.
3263.txt: Sayner is also home to one of the um well like you know nation's oldest summer camps, Camp Highlands for Boys, founded um I mean I mean okay in 1904, and located on the northeast end of Plum Lake.
3355.txt: She is the Foreign Minister of Somalia, having been well well uh um named to the position on 4 November 2012 by Prime Minister Abdi Farah Shirdon.
2875.txt: On 13 February 2012, 360 and Crystal Bale became engaged; the pair then separated on 24 December 2012.
3254.txt: Samuel Montagu & Co. Became a wholly owned well okay well like subsidiary in 1974, and on completion of the acquisition I mean so I mean well Midland also gained a majority share in Guyerzeller Bank AG in Switzerland.
3360.txt: She married Nathaniel Henry Alcock, a radiologist in 1905, and moved you know well well um to Canada, but he died of cancer and she returned I mean so so well to Britain and obtained a post at the well okay I mean okay Plant Pathology Laboratory, Ministry of Agriculture, Kew Gardens, which later moved to Harpenden.
2033.txt: In his second season, he alternated between the midfield and I mean like uh I mean forward line, and with several dominant performances, he finished runner up in the club best and fairest.
979.txt: Echo Canyon Dam was built in 1969 - uh well so I mean 70, and is the farthest downstream dam on the Meadow Valley Wash.
655.txt: But as the book progresses she becomes more and more violent, blaming Jess for her own deeds.
1887.txt: In 2005, trumpeter Rick Braun covered it on I mean like okay I mean his album 'Yours Truly' and in 2006, the song okay uh um okay was covered by Thomas Anders for his swing album 'Songs Forever'.
427.txt: As a result many tree snail species were hunted to extinction within well so you know like the first year and these predatory snails continue to represent a threat to the local snail fauna.
2629.txt: Many men took this day as a convenient so well okay I mean opportunity to spend the day drinking in the local pub okay you know so so. As a result, the original aim of expressing respect and sympathy to women was totally lost.
869.txt: Devil May Cry 'changed Eva's race from human to angelic, and the character is voiced by Sarah Lafleur.
3841.txt: The Spirit of Atlanta Drum and Bugle Corps is a well I mean so you know nonprofit 501 (c) (3) organization that has a well uh well so Board of Directors, corps director, and staff assigned to carry out the organization's mission.
3211.txt: Root exudates from AMF host plants grown in a like like like I mean liquid medium with and without phosphorus have been shown to affect like uh like okay hyphal growth. Spores of 'Gigaspora magarita' were grown in host plant exudates.
62.txt: A common belief in this community is that true okay I mean um well features would last longer (this is the meaning of PERSISTENT), short um I mean uh I mean persistence is nothing but noisy, though no mathematical justification is made.
3415.txt: Since 2003 he is full professor at ETH Zurich and I mean uh you know okay since 2009 he is the Director of the Institute for Mathematical Research at ETH.
253.txt: After the break - up of Austria - Hungary in 1918, um uh uh um the county continued to exist in Czechoslovakia, but it was well okay um okay abolished in 1928 and replaced by a new territorial unit called the 'Slovak Land'.
2502.txt: Later, Hopkins began to pursue his interest in science, publishing uh well uh like a paper in 'The Entomologist' on the you know I mean okay um purple vapor ejected by the bombardier beetle and taking a job as an analyst in a commercial laboratory.
3028.txt: Paramount Pictures Corporation (known professionally as Paramount Pictures and like um well like often referred to simply as Paramount) is an American film um uh I mean like studio based in Hollywood, California, that has been a subsidiary of the American media conglomerate Viacom since 1994.
1272.txt: Han Jung - soo (한정수) (born November 11, 1973 I mean um um so in Seoul) is a South Korean actor, best known uh so so okay for his roles in the television series 'The Slave Hunters' and 'Prosecutor Princess'.
1341.txt: He found that they were a hit worse than the you know okay like okay titanic, so he worked with a Dallas company to so so so okay develop the ICEE machine, which took him five years, replicating the consistency in slushy soft drinks.
4498.txt: There are 50 breeds and 80 types of animals okay like well you know in the game, including Pomeranians, lions, crocodiles, tigers, giraffes, hippos, um I mean well uh cheetahs, chimpanzees, gazelles, chickens, Beagles, Dilophosaurus, hyenas, Deinonychus, and Sika deer.
1431.txt: He liberated the central Serbian tribes from Bulgarian empire, you know um you know like concluded a voluntary confederation with the chiefs of Bosnia / Bosna that brought them out of Croatia's control.
1996.txt: In addition to the adult entertainment industry, Dior also okay okay I mean you know had some roles in mainstream film and television, including guest appearances okay you know I mean well in', 'Head Over Heels', and 'Veronica's Closet', as well as directing an episode of 'Xena'.
4529.txt: There is tension between Stephen and Mulligan, stemming from a you know well uh you know cruel remark Stephen has overheard Mulligan making about his like well like so recently deceased mother and from the fact that Mulligan has invited an English student, Haines, to stay with them.
2171.txt: It celebrated its fiftieth anniversary in 2007 and in July 2010 expressed an interest in converting to an academy.
2268.txt: It was Garlan that dressed in Lord Renly's you know like uh well armor during the Battle of the Blackwater, and the sight like okay so um of what seemed to be a dead man leading I mean uh you know uh the Tyrell / Lannister host drove many of Stannis' men into panic.
4950.txt: With the backing of the occupying French, Romanian troops invaded Hungary, occupying Budapest on August 6, 1919.
3129.txt: Pugh was born in the British West Indies as son of you know you know um I mean a Wesleyan minister, and came to Brisbane from London in 1855.
3719.txt: The Georgia Railroad was built by local contractors Fannin, you know I mean okay you know Grant & Co in 1845 giving Augusta a rail link well I mean okay uh to Atlanta, which connected to the Tennessee River at Chattanooga, Tennessee, thus providing access to the Mississippi River.
3939.txt: The carrier, the USS Nimitz, was nuclear powered, but everything like okay um I mean else, including the Nimitz's strike aircraft, ran on a so like okay well 50: 50 mix of petroleum and biofuel derived from cooking oil and algae.
4477.txt: The word 'story' may be used as a I mean uh you know well synonym of 'narrative', it can also be used to okay okay so I mean refer to the sequence of events described in a narrative.
3812.txt: The Program is conducted by Jull Weber from Puerto Rico and Hony Estrella from the Dominican Republic.
3988.txt: The cover of the game features Steve Yzerman and you know well you know um Scott Stevens, and Get Ready For This by I mean so okay like 2 Unlimited is used as the game's main theme you know uh so um (for the PC version, the game music is done by game composer Jeff van Dyck).
2955.txt: Once reunited with Lucifer, it will become clear that so I mean you know um she's the one he takes after. Charlotte is I mean so you know I mean fearless and has a strong conviction for who she is and what she deserves.
2760.txt: Mountain Community Television Channel 15 (commonly known as MCTV 15) well you know um like is a small Public - access television cable well well I mean uh TV station, founded by Diana J. Limjoco, its first Chairman, Exec. Director, Producer.
2406.txt: Julie Amero is a former substitute teacher who was well uh I mean uh previously convicted of four counts of risk of injury okay uh um so to a minor, or impairing the morals of a child you know so so okay until on June 6, 2007 she was granted a new trial.
3376.txt: She walked out on their wedding, and she currently you know uh uh well is single and holds intense anger towards Richard so okay like uh for ruining their wedding, and also became furious to learn like I mean okay like she is pregnant, even though Richard told her he got a vasectomy.
945.txt: During the Boer war 22, 000 troops were treated well so uh uh for wounds inflicted during battle and the Medical Department of the army mobilized 151 staff and regimental units.
2965.txt: One of the doctors attending him was the neurosurgeon like I mean I mean uh Hugh Cairns who consequently began a long study of okay um okay okay what he saw as the unnecessary loss of life by motorcycle dispatch riders through head injuries.
3370.txt: She sought a place for him to avoid well so you know so fighting in the Trojan War, disguising him as a okay so you know you know woman in the court of Lycomedes, the king of Scyros.
1280.txt: Harry Binswanger was born and raised in Richmond, well um well uh Virginia, and is a scion of Binswanger Glass Co. , founded in 1872 by Samuel Binswanger.
1253.txt: HFC - 227ea contains no chlorine or bromine atoms, I mean you know like uh presenting no ozone depletion effect, but its global warming potential is quite high.
2725.txt: Modeling mark - recapture data is trending towards so like so well a more integrative approach, which combines mark - okay you know so okay recapture data with population dynamics models and other types of data.
2421.txt: Kaif is a celebrity spokesperson for a number of brands um uh well well ( including Slice, Nakshatra, Lux, Panasonic and L'Oréal ), and is the first Bollywood actress to inspire a Barbie doll.
2843.txt: North American Area code 614 is the area code for well like uh um the Columbus, Ohio metropolitan area; it is one of the original area codes established in 1947.
3638.txt: The Awards is an exciting annual program founded I mean like okay uh by Ghanaian DJ and Radio presenter, Merqury Quaye. To foster um like like um the development of the Ghana music industry by rewarding and celebrating Radio, Mobile and Club DJs.
757.txt: Circa 1711, Hamilton's second child and first son um uh so I mean James Hamilton was born; he went on to become a mayor of Philadelphia and a governor of the Pennsylvania colony.
3633.txt: The Arga is a river of Navarre, in Spain and is one of the tributaries of the river Ebro.
3855.txt: The Touchdown Club's longest - standing award -- first um um you know so presented to Ohio State's Howard 'Hopalong' Cassady in well I mean I mean well 1955 -- is given to the College Football Player of the Year.
2867.txt: Olivia Mcvitie, known as Liv Mcvitie is 19 years old and is one of liverpools top glamour models.
4918.txt: While writing 'The French Lieutenant's Woman', he was I mean um so um working on the screenplay for the film adaptation of so you know like so 'The Magus'; 'The Collector' had already been adapted as a film released in 1965, gaining him further popular attention.
327.txt: Although mainly a novelest, he also wrote several plays, the most famous being 'Yellow Sands'.
3099.txt: Pratt first appeared on the 'BRW' Rich 200 in uh uh okay um 2009, following the death of his father earlier that year, I mean well uh okay and debuted as the richest person in Australia with a net worth of 4. 3 billion.
446.txt: As noted above, his former fiancée Garbo lobbied for like uh like you know Gilbert to co-star with her, and he received a new well um like okay seven - year contract with MGM as a result, uh you know okay I mean but the film failed to revive his career and he died three years later.
1254.txt: Had Kurtzman stayed with 'Mad', he said he would so like okay um have urged Gaines to include advertising, which may have allowed for higher production values, such as color interiors.
3599.txt: The 1st century Greek rhetorician and historian Dionysius of Halicarnassus indicates okay uh I mean so that the Roman institution of slavery began with Romulus so you know okay I mean giving Roman fathers the right to sell their own um well well you know children into slavery, and kept growing with the expansion of the Roman state.
3319.txt: She attended Saint Mary's High School in Phoenix, Arizona, well like I mean uh and attended the University of Arizona State, where she I mean well okay you know was the starting pitcher her freshman year and helped to like so uh you know lead the Sun Devils to the 2011 NCAA Division I national softball title.
1314.txt: He certainly knew 60 foreign languages, but his contemporaries, friends and scientists, claimed he knew many more.
4172.txt: The main transmitter is now located on the ridge between I mean um okay uh Cullowhee and Waynesville, while there is a construction permit well so okay uh for booster station WWCU - FM1 in Cullowhee itself, which you know okay so I mean is somewhat blocked from the main signal by terrain shielding.
490.txt: At the age of 13 he read Thomas's Elpis Israel I mean so like I mean and was subsequently baptised in 1853 at the age okay well like you know of 14 in the River Dee and joined the 'Baptised Believers'.
4936.txt: Winnie, whose Chinese name is Weili, was forced to live uh well um um with her Uncle and his two wives (New Aunt you know um well okay and Old Aunt) and never felt as loved as her uncle's true daughter, Weili's cousin, Peanut.
152.txt: According to Mnaseas, again cited in Athenaeus, Glaucus abducted Syme well I mean I mean so on a journey back from Asia, and had like so so well the island Syme named after her; according to Aeschrion uh uh um you know of Samos, Glaucus was the lover of the semi-historical Hydne.
3427.txt: Since the end of 'the browsers wars' there have you know so uh well been new browsers coming onto the scence, many of well okay like so these are open source meaning that they tend to have faster development and are more supportive of new standards.
60.txt: A chalice may be placed on an altar or I mean um you know so on the ground and may contain wine, whisky, water, or other liquids.
2644.txt: Mark Rutherford Upper School is an upper school located on um you know so so Wentworth Drive in Bedford, England, named in honour of the writer William Hale White who used 'Mark Rutherford' as a pseudonym.
2016.txt: In each episode, Rachael prepares dishes from start to finish uh you know so okay in 30 minutes or less and offers tips on how to save time during cooking.
1913.txt: In 2012, Nieto was sponsored by The New York Athletic you know like like well Club and focused on making the Olympic Team, training at the Olympic Training Center in Chula Vista, California.
326.txt: Although he had planned an active post-presidency, in 1994 okay like I mean uh Reagan disclosed his diagnosis with Alzheimer's disease earlier that well I mean um uh year, appearing publicly for the last time at the funeral of Richard Nixon.
2024.txt: In general it avoids human contact, but one fatality well you know okay I mean is reported from a bite in 1983 when a Papuan woman was bitten and later died from an infection.
2115.txt: In the summer of 2010, a massive reconstruction of the like well okay um venue was started, new side sectors with roof covers were um um I mean you know built and the media sectors were expanded in order to meet the UEFA guidelines for Champions League matches.
219.txt: After graduation, Holly's desire for a challenge led her to like uh well okay dive into the exciting and ever - changing world of okay I mean um so IT, where she worked with Fortune 500 companies nationwide, staffing their tech departments.
3395.txt: Shepherd was investigated for financial misappropriation and mishandling, during so so like you know which time it was discovered that in addition to his um uh you know well overspending, Shepherd had given preference to neighborhoods and um uh uh well areas of the District in which he or his political cronies held financial interests.
1465.txt: He received a yellow card, upheld on appeal, in okay okay you know like the quarter - final match against Denmark; you know well well um this meant that Nedvěd would miss the final if I mean I mean okay um he received another yellow card in the semifinal against Greece.
3577.txt: That branch was completed in May 1900 but by 1911, another so okay I mean so line diverted traffic once served by the Columbia Southern and the town begin to decline.
57.txt: A POJI corresponds to a Java standard interface and is usually so so um um used to interfaces that are used in the JEE context to provide services.
3113.txt: Produced by Pawan Kalyan and Sharath Marar jointly under their banners Pawan I mean you know like well Kalyan Creative Works and Northstar Entertainment Pvt I mean okay like um. Ltd. In association with Eros International, it is the sequel of Kalyan earlier film 'Gabbar Singh' (2012).
4794.txt: Unlike at Truk, when the fast carrier force achieved surprise you know you know uh well and Japanese air forces could not muster a counter-attack, the enemy um you know I mean well knew that the Americans were coming; this time a Japanese air attack force would contest US Navy ambitions.
2307.txt: It was then sold by Gompers to the American War like like I mean um Mothers, also known as the Gold Star Mothers you know um um you know because their display of a flag with a blue star um like I mean I mean for a son on active service and a gold star for a son who had been killed in action.
2479.txt: Kraven, realizing how useful Gog can be, decides well I mean you know uh to use him in a plot to conquer like so um okay the Savage Land; after kidnapping the visiting Gwen Stacy you know well uh uh from a camp in the Savage Land, Kraven and Gog like okay so so battle the heroes Ka - Zar and Spider - Man.
4383.txt: The sole church of the Parish of Westville, St Elizabeth's Anglican like well I mean like Church is an Anglican Church within the Diocese I mean okay um okay of Natal and furthermore under the Church of the Province of Southern Africa.
2450.txt: Khrushchev had been rapidly promoted by Kaganovich through various senior um well um um posts until 1929 when he moved to Moscow to continue his education, which he never completed.
3676.txt: The Commandant then becomes interested in Lisa, and you know um like like he is amazed by her broken spirit and well you know uh so whatever he does to torture her does not so um well well demoralise her as she is already mentally dead, the like uh like well Commantant becomes angry and burns her best friend in a pit of lime.
3619.txt: The Albuquerque Museum, New Mexico Museum of Natural History and uh so you know like Science, National Atomic Museum, and Explora! are located just to the west of Old Town.
3928.txt: The body was of pressed steel, incorporating a box - section well like you know I mean chassis with torsion - bar suspension on all wheels (independent I mean um well I mean at the front) and internal gear - and - pinion steering.
4065.txt: The first export Hawk 50 flew on 17 May 1976, I mean uh so I mean this variant had been specifically designed for the dual I mean I mean so so - role of lightweight fighter and advanced trainer; it had a greater weapons capacity than the T. 1.
2603.txt: Mahon became the club's chairman in 1892, overseeing so I mean so okay the ground move and remained a board member after resigning from the post in 1895.
4035.txt: The fifth floor is off limits to hotel guests, well like like uh it also does not have a button on the elevator panel.
1564.txt: He was the lead singer and songwriter for Junkhouse, like well I mean okay one of Canada's most successful alternative rock bands in the well okay like uh 1990s, and also collaborated with Stephen Fearing and Colin like um I mean you know Linden in the folk 'supergroup' Blackie and the Rodeo Kings.
937.txt: During the 1950s, he worked steadily in movies and I mean okay okay like television, and in the early 1960s, he majored in music at the Carnegie Institute of Technology.
2116.txt: In the worst case, this may lead to a cascading series um you know uh like of shut downs and a major regional blackout, such so you know um um as occurred in the US Northeast blackouts of 1965, I mean like I mean so 1977, 2003, and major blackouts in other US regions in 1996 and 2011.
2788.txt: Napa Gamay is not related to the famous Gamay of like well well you know Beaujolais, and the name is being phased out and well okay uh so will not be allowed on California wine labels after 2007.
1168.txt: GM believed in the standardization of its products, that were I mean I mean okay like sold to either individuals or to the corporations of uh you know so okay an entire industry, while the railroads at the time, still you know so well um had a veritable, 'handicraft' industry of motive power (locomotive) design and construction.
1775.txt: In 1774, the courthouse was the site of local preparation so uh uh okay for the first assembly of the Virginia Convention and it considered okay so um okay grievances against British rule and the 'Hanover Resolves' adopted at the meeting also supported the Boston Tea Party.
2238.txt: It is the cleanest village in Kerala, and well I mean well so it can be accessed from both MC Road and NH 47.
4555.txt: They accused the elected government of massive corruption, abuse of well like I mean so power for their own advantage, and charged several cabinet members, including Chatichai, with 'unusual wealth'.
3817.txt: The Red River Rebellion of 1869 broke out, resulting in the you know so well okay 'Manitoba Act' and that province's entry into the Canadian Confederation.
2995.txt: Other nearby towns are Sorano, Pitigliano, Acquapendente and Orvieto, with Onano to the northwest.
3054.txt: People gather at tea houses to chat, socialize, okay um so uh and enjoy tea, and young people often meet at tea houses for dates.
4846.txt: Vonda N. McIntyre, daughter of H. Neel and Vonda B well okay okay you know. Keith McIntyre, spent her early childhood on the east coast well um I mean well of the United States and in The Hague, Netherlands, before her family settled in Seattle in the early 1960s.
1139.txt: Freight service on the Gladstone Branch is limited, you know so you know I mean but there is some, especially in Berkeley Heights. There the usual like I mean okay okay once a week freight train (Norfolk Southern), stops at Rehels chemical plant.
3257.txt: San Francisco enacted the same ban, and similar ones have you know so okay uh been proposed or considered in other cities or states across the country.
3505.txt: Stephanie Lynn 'Stevie' Nicks (born May 26, 1948) is an I mean well you know um American singer - songwriter who is best known for her uh you know so like work with Fleetwood Mac, and for her chart - topping solo career.
2193.txt: It included the entire party and many of the like uh I mean uh fruit vendors. Several people died, due to a fatal blow to the head, from one of Roderick Humphery's watermelons.
2290.txt: It was formed during several episodes of quaternary glaciation when like well okay like sea levels were much lower - the analysis of you know uh so um stalactites found in Great Blue Hole shows that formation took uh okay I mean um place 153, 000, 66, 000, 60, 000, and 15, 000 years ago.
2394.txt: Joseph Christopher Carter (born March 7, 1960) is a well okay well I mean former outfielder and first baseman in Major League Baseball who played from to.
3714.txt: The G20 and its counterparts replaced the original Chevrolet like uh so you know Corvair Greenbrier Van in the late 60s the model line so so um uh evolved until it was replaced in 1996 by the Chevrolet Express.
2582.txt: Luljeta Bitri (born June 27, 1976) better known by her um okay I mean like stage name Luli Bitri, is an Albanian Actress, often cited for her you know well well um striking presence and ability to breathe authentic life into the roles she plays.
3647.txt: The Brickley Engine is a patented proposal for the design uh so so uh of an internal combustion engine which like well okay uh in one embodiment uses opposing pistons driving a central well so uh well linkage mechanism which turns the crankshaft with a single connecting rod.
147.txt: About 20 % of the cases of polyhydramnios are okay well I mean uh associated with fetal anomalies that impairs the ability of the fetus like um well I mean to swallow (because the fetus normally swallows amniotic fluid and absorbs it through its intestinal villi).
4873.txt: When Mackinac College closed in 1970, TV evangelist Rex so you know um uh Humbard purchased the building as part of a well well well okay nondenominational Bible college, then began using the theater and other buildings as a vacation resort.
1328.txt: He describes these as relatively arbitrary choices, mediated by cultural uh like I mean I mean norms and traditions, identifying 'masculinity versus feminity' as one like you know well I mean of five basic dimensions in his theory of cultural dimensions.
4624.txt: This duo, Foster & Lloyd, received a recording contract with um um so like RCA Records Nashville that year; between 1986 and 1990, they would okay I mean I mean uh record three studio albums and charted nine singles on the country charts.
1424.txt: He kept a journal that was published in 1807, the okay like like you know first published journal from the expedition; in it, he coined the term 'Corps of Discovery'.
3774.txt: The Machu Picchu arboreal chinchilla rat, 'Cuscomys oblativus', is a okay so okay like large species of South American chinchilla rats, known from remains found well well well I mean in 1912, buried alongside people in ancient Inca tombs at Machu Picchu in Peru.
4779.txt: Ultimately it is revealed that the murderer was indeed uh uh well you know acting under the influence of Jacko Argyle, and that okay okay well like the failure of Jacko's (carefully planned) alibi was, in you know um like so hindsight, an ironic stroke of fate when the police failed to locate the absent Calgary.
612.txt: Born in San Antonio, Texas in 1954, his family moved uh uh okay uh to the Chicago suburb of Highland Park in 1964.
3111.txt: Private Badel Hernández Guzmán, from the town of Humacao, Puerto Rico, was assigned to Company I, 65th Infantry Regiment, 3d Infantry Division.
4489.txt: Their musical journey started very early in life as like I mean um I mean both started singing at Sunday school and through basic education and like like you know like also performing in various high schools and participating at occasions so like uh okay in their birth region, the duo temporarily moved to Accra where they eventually met.
227.txt: After leaving St. George, I - 15 continues northeast well um so uh and passes through the northern part of the city of um um okay uh Washington, with interchanges at Green Springs Drive, Washington Parkway, and State Street (SR - 9).
3950.txt: The chassis were then bodied by coach - builders okay so you know uh such as 'Million Guillet' in Paris and the exclusive finished models were badged as 'Rougier'.
2297.txt: It was more of a hit and run tank it could do 50kph easy.
596.txt: Bolt Thrower announced that as they were satisfied with the you know you know well so 'Those Once Loyal' album, they will be indefinitely postponing the recording well uh so so of another LP, as their goal was always to stop after releasing 'the perfect Bolt Thrower album'.
3240.txt: SU - 122 were used in numerous battles on the okay you know so okay Eastern Front including Battle of Kursk (Battle of Prokhorovka, they also uh um you know um took part in recapturing of Orel and in the subsequent pursuit) and Fourth Battle of Kharkov.
3149.txt: Rapid growth of industry drastically changed the city itself uh well uh like - by the early 1960s the population exceeded the 100, I mean um well like 000 mark (three times bigger than the pre-World War II like I mean like so population), and by 1970 it became the largest city in the Vologda Oblast ahead of Vologda itself.
3442.txt: Skarbek showed her penchant for stratagem when she and Kowerski you know uh you know so were arrested by the Gestapo in January 1941; and um I mean so uh she won their release, feigning symptoms of pulmonary tuberculosis by biting her tongue until it bled.
1909.txt: In 2011, he played for the Lake Elsinore Storm so um okay okay of the Class A-Advanced California League setting single - season club um like so so records with 22 home runs and 111 RBIs, and was named a postseason All - Star.
155.txt: According to Watanabe, the Soka Gakkai has rocked established I mean um you know I mean notions and hierarchies in Japan from its earliest like well okay uh years when Makiguchi questioned the imperial system along with established institutions such as public education, the military, and clerical authority.
3396.txt: Shi Qian stole the innkeeper's mother hen and um um so um was caught by the Zhus but Yang Xiong and Shi Xiu escaped.
3875.txt: The Virginia classics are a traveling softball team in the Hampton roads area of Virginia there a 4 year softball team.
4776.txt: Udonis Johneal Haslem (born June 9, 1980) is an American professional okay like uh uh basketball player who is currently a free agent in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
629.txt: Brandon Pirri (born April 10, 1991) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre, currently playing in the Chicago Blackhawks organization.
3641.txt: The Bears looked to improve upon their 6 -- 10 you know well so you know record from 2015; however, they suffered a second consecutive so I mean so uh 0 -- 3 start, and were plagued by injuries to 11 of their 22 starting players by week 13.
4958.txt: Within months of his first arrest, Pérez was involved in uh um okay okay a trashed - hotel - room incident; he and two members you know okay like uh of Selena y Los Dinos were intoxicated and began you know um I mean so wrestling in a room, breaking the door and punching holes in the walls.
3930.txt: The book is the longest running coin price guide; the first edition, dated 1947, went on sale November 1946.
2542.txt: Liberty Hall also went by the name of Alfred Hardy & you know like well so Son Blacksmith Shop, was a small brick building located I mean okay so I mean on Route 79 in the small section of Morganville.
2611.txt: Males arrive earlier than females at breeding sites to establish you know uh like I mean territories because defending territories with more nesting sites and food usually attract more females.
3682.txt: The County Hall is a 16 - storey office well you know uh like block owned by Cork County Council and housing its administrative uh uh okay um headquarters, the building is located in Carrigrohane Road in the city of Cork.
870.txt: Dewey - Hagborg's 'Totem' (2010) was a site - specific multimedia you know uh uh like sculpture: an idol designed to explore the implications of language and artificial intelligence using machine learning technology.
2503.txt: Later, Liz tells Jack not interfere in uh like uh well her relationship with Carol, as she believes she has the okay I mean you know I mean perfect relationship with him and reveals that she is like like well well imitating her life as chef Ina Garten of the Food Network show 'Barefoot Contessa'.
961.txt: During this second explosion instead of taking cover Tara scrambles so I mean like I mean for her pain pills and Wolfe seeing this later um well so um confronts her about being an addict, though she swears she is fine.
2917.txt: On June 6, 2010 a weak tornado touched down I mean so so um and damaged the Fermi 2 generator building and forced an well you know well okay automatic shutdown leaving over 30, 000 people without power in the area.
2060.txt: In the 'Yellow Emperor's Inner Canon', there are 9 kind I mean uh uh um of needles, the needle most common used is 7th which is seen in any acupuncture clinic now.
4827.txt: Various elements and obstacles are introduced as one moves on to you know you know okay you know new levels, which means that the complexity and level well like I mean so of puzzle solving required gradually increases as they progress through the game.
2377.txt: John E. Kellerd played 'Hamlet' for 102 performances in so you know you know so 1912 - 13, arguably Some disclaim Kellerd's record because he played other parts in repertory during the run.
4176.txt: The majority of victims seeking advice are female and okay um uh you know aged between 18 and 23; it can have harmful so um uh okay effects on a girl's education and development, and may expose girls to social isolation or abuse.
808.txt: Cravat (1935 -- 1954) was an American record - uh you know um uh setting Thoroughbred racehorse who won races on both um okay so like dirt and turf that today are Grade 1 events and um I mean well so in the U. S. Triple Crown series, finished second in the Preakness Stakes and third in the Belmont Stakes.
2658.txt: Masood was known to police due to a number you know I mean like uh of prior criminal convictions, the oldest conviction was criminal damage I mean like so you know in 1983 and the most recent was knife possession in December 2003.
4083.txt: The following season he went on to play twentyone games, uh um like okay scoring fifteen goals for the North Wales club before signing you know so so you know an eighteen month contract with The New Saints on 19 January 2010.
820.txt: Currently there are very few Jews in Kosovo, according to Čeda Prlinčević, the leader of Pristina's small Jewish community.
836.txt: Data input required intermediate processing via punched paper tape or okay uh okay well card and separate input to a repetitive, labor intensive task, removed from user control and error - prone.
3797.txt: The Nevada City Downtown Historic District is a historic district in um um well um Nevada City, California that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
2213.txt: It is easy to get involved in the fiesta like uh so uh even not knowing the language and to live the so I mean well okay Carnival and on Saturday everyone wears a costume, which many times is related to the most polemical news.
1569.txt: He won a pair of tune - up fights, then faced contender you know I mean okay I mean Oba Carr in February 1999 where Carr beat him on a 10 - round unanimous decision.
4711.txt: To assist in garnering public support for her um I mean you know um projects, she founded and was president of the Michigan Parks Association, like I mean like like a group that was instrumental in passing a 100 um okay so um million dollar state bond issue for parks and recreation in 1969.
3605.txt: The 2008/09 season saw the addition of a team from Logan, uh um well I mean Queensland, the first team from South - East Queensland in over 10 years.
4829.txt: Various types of ceremonial pipes have been used by multiple Native okay well um uh American cultures, with the style of pipe, materials uh well you know well smoked, and ceremonies being unique to the distinct religions of those nations.
2274.txt: It was built in 1837 and closed down ten years um um uh like later, but during the American Civil War the furnace came into use again.
1803.txt: In 1919 her family moved to Chicago and um well uh I mean she began studying piano; in the 1920s she began taking gigs in clubs and broadcast on radio.
4174.txt: The majority of LBP does not have a I mean so um um clear cause but is believed to be the result of non-serious muscle or skeletal problems such as sprains or strains.
2183.txt: It featured live performances of Pakistani singers Ali Azmat, Faakhir okay like um you know Mehmood, Ali Zafar alongside Overload band. The Crowd was sold out and spectators enjoyed the closing ceremony.
4316.txt: The red - staining inocybe was first described by Axel okay I mean like I mean Gudbrand Blytt in 1904 as 'Inocybe erubescens', I mean um okay well though was widely known for many years as 'I okay so uh I mean. Patouillardii', named by Italian Giacomo Bresadola in 1905 after the French botanist Narcisse Théophile Patouillard.
855.txt: Designed by WZMH Architects, the building is listed as being okay well I mean I mean 28 stories tall, though the tower / observation deck extends uh well you know well above the 28 office floors (claimed to be approximately 44 stories in total).
4603.txt: Third, Haplogroup C4 is the predominant male uh so um uh lineage among the indigenous Australians and Haplogroup C5, which is found at an extremely low frequency in South Asia.
688.txt: Calvin Hill (born January 2, 1947in the Turners Station neighborhood um um um I mean of Dundalk, Maryland) was a running back with a uh okay okay I mean 12 year National Football League career from 1969 to 1981.
1498.txt: He studied at the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts in like well okay well Philadelphia, then joined a United States government survey expedition on the Pacific coast.
4031.txt: The family was then exiled and briefly gathered in Portugal, um like well um where her parents decided to separate; she and her siblings went with their mother to Switzerland while their father remained in Portugal.
3612.txt: The 5th Animation Nation festival will be held from 24 okay okay well well October to 2 November 2008 at Alliance Française de Singapour and the National Museum of Singapore's Gallery Theatre.
3978.txt: The complex was opened in 1965 and the larger, um you know you know like ice hockey arena has a seating capacity of 7, 000 people.
3910.txt: The availability of timber also influenced the style of uh uh well so architecture with timber buildings prevailing in Scandinavia, and the availability of timber methods of roof construction across Europe.
2533.txt: Leslie Lemke was prematurely born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin with glaucoma, cerebral palsy, and brain damage.
2635.txt: Marathon County (UWMC), part of the University of Wisconsin Colleges, you know I mean so like is a two - year campus of the University you know um like so of Wisconsin System located near downtown Wausau, Wisconsin, United States, adjacent to Marathon Park.
3561.txt: Tatarkiewicz educated generations of Polish philosophers, estheticians and art like um well I mean historians, as well as interested laymen, and posthumously continues um um um you know to do so through his famous three - volume 'History of well you know well you know Philosophy' ( Polish: 'Historia filozofii' ) and numerous other works.
1823.txt: In 1947, archaeologist John Goggin described the three periods after like well well like examining shell mounds on Matecumbe Key, Gordon Pass near I mean um I mean like modern - day Naples, and south of Lake Okeechobee near modern - day Belle Glade.
4810.txt: Use a of variety of delivery methods and learning uh so okay like approaches, including lecture, discussion, hands - on activities, projects, I mean uh so uh cases, internet - based interaction, etc. These should be accessible okay well you know okay to students with a wide range of abilities, backgrounds, and previous experiences.
2059.txt: In the', Gaudapada established Advaita or non-dualism on a um like okay uh philosophical basis purely on rational grounds ( 'upapatti' ) - independent of scriptural revelation.
4597.txt: They received an at - large bid in the 2011 NCAA so well well okay Men's Division I Basketball Tournament where they were upset in the second round by Richmond.
4670.txt: This was the 56th running of the Daytona 500, the most prestigious race in all of NASCAR.
2451.txt: Khurram tries to return back to the camp from the okay like so I mean battle but takes long time to reach as he forgets uh um uh okay his way and Mumtaz Mahal dies while giving birth to her nineteenth child.
4812.txt: Using regular troops, then with help of the intelligence service, the allied okay uh okay so forces faced him on the road to Amba Alagi, and specifically, in proximity of Cherù.
4816.txt: V - ships is one of the world's largest like you know so um ship management companies operated in Monaco and is the um um um like current Operator of the QE2, on behalf of Nackeal the company will over see the refit of the ship.
2610.txt: Major mistakes, such as a rider going off - so like you know I mean pattern, result in disqualification, also called a 'no so um okay I mean score,' which prevents the horse from earning any award, even if it is the only horse in the class.
432.txt: As a stopgap measure, the Israelis recommended rebooting the system's like so I mean um computers regularly, however, Army officials did not understand how often they needed to do so.
3151.txt: Ray inadvertently recalls a beloved corporate mascot from his childhood so well uh so -- 'something that could never, ever possibly destroy us' you know I mean you know you know -- and the destructor arrives in the form of a giant Stay Puft Marshmallow Man and attacks the city.
3795.txt: The Nazis forbade her to sing the song and perform on I mean well uh well stage ever again, after this the song went over like um um um to the Allied side, where it also became popular.
2709.txt: Millenia Singapore is a commercial and business area in well okay you know okay the Downtown Core and sits of land reclaimed in the 1970s from Marina Bay.
1519.txt: He was allowed to return to South Africa in 1919, well well you know so to the house his daughter, Emily Booth, had built um so well you know some considerable distance from Cape Town, which discouraged him from any active involvement in African affairs.
225.txt: After it worked twice, the Iowa Hawkeyes blocked the like um um uh third attempt; the resulting great field position led to like I mean like um Iowa taking the lead, breaking a 20 -- 20 tie on route to a 30 -- 27 win.
3651.txt: The British government suspected that Rhodes knew that like uh uh you know the gold was depleted and that Rhodes' well okay uh you know primary aim was to settle Mashonaland and Matabeleland all okay uh like so along, and after that and the Jameson Raid on uh I mean well okay the Transvaal he was not trusted to the same extent.
3596.txt: The 1965 National Football League Championship game was the 33rd uh like you know like championship game for the NFL, played on January 2, 1966, at Lambeau Field in Green Bay, Wisconsin.
4525.txt: There is an exceptional marble fireplace, as well as uh you know well um a marble - topped bar counter, and altogether 50 well you know um I mean different types of marble are used, with paired marble like well you know uh Corinthian pilasters supporting the opulent ceiling, and even the chimney and the saloon walls are lined with marble.
3210.txt: Roosevelt decided to seat the all - white delegation, I mean um I mean I mean and he ran a 'lily - white' campaign in the South in 1912.
2514.txt: Later in the same year he purchased the 'Herald like well so um & Tribune' in Jonesborough, Tennessee and was a delegate I mean um okay well to the Republican National Convention in 1880, 1884, 1896, 1900, and 1904.
2794.txt: Nedunj Cheliyan III is referred to as the most popular you know uh uh like warrior among the Early Pandyas, winning a battle at Talaialanganam I mean um okay you know against a coalition of forces from Cholas and Cheras and five other kingdoms.
2187.txt: It has an elevation gain of and is normally open from June through mid-November.
2066.txt: In the 1980s and 1990s, the program was known you know so well I mean as The Walt Disney World Very Merry Christmas Parade or the Walt Disney World Christmas Day Parade.
328.txt: Although not allowed out of Samsun, Americans like relief worker like uh well well Gertude Athony observed the nearby village of Kadıköy being um okay I mean um systematically looted and its residents as well as those from other affected villages fled to Samsun for refuge.
2803.txt: Newlands School FCJ, Middlesbrough is a mixed Catholic, state school in Middlesbrough, North East England.
4862.txt: Wendy Schaal (born July 2, 1954) is an American so like like like actress and voice actress who is best known as so you know I mean like the voice of Francine Smith in the TV series 'American Dad!'.
