2077.txt: In the Lions first 2017 preseason game, Hyder suffered a torn Achilles, ending his 2017 season.
1128.txt: Foveated imaging is a gaze - contingency paradigm form I mean you know well uh like of digital image processing in which the image resolution, or um okay you know um I mean amount of detail, varies across the image according to one or more 'points of gaze' or 'regions of interest'.
2058.txt: In terms of cognitive psychology, it refers to a decision - um I mean I mean okay so maker's dynamic knowledge and understanding, or mental model, of a so okay well uh uh complex and evolving task situation, its purpose being to enable rapid and appropriate decisions and support effective actions.
4339.txt: The school was established at São João del Rei, Minas well um you know uh like Gerais, on 1 May 1909, by Order of Friars well uh well like um Minor and solidified itself as a benchmark in education, welcoming students from all over the country.
4181.txt: The match has previously been played in Cardiff Arms well okay you know like like Park and St Helens, returning to Cardiff Arms Park for the okay okay well um okay 2007, 2008 and 2009 matches, while the 2010 match will okay uh okay um like be played at Swansea's Liberty Stadium for the first time.
2243.txt: It is the world's largest retail property group by you know I mean you know um uh equity market capitalisation, yet it is still chaired by Frank Lowy, one of its founders.
2328.txt: Ivan Reitman, OC (born October 27, 1946) is a Canadian I mean like um okay so film producer and director, best known for his comedy work, especially in the 1980s and 1990s.
4815.txt: Utkal Deepika owed its birth to the upsurge of nationalism well I mean so um I mean playing a significant role in sociopolitical life of Orissa.
3998.txt: The danger arises from the airport's physical position, uh um um okay okay covered by two side hills, with both ends of the runway leading to the sea.
4991.txt: Zander first gained attention after uploading his composition, 'Epic Love' like um okay I mean well onto YouTube in 2008; the video, featuring extensive use um like I mean um okay of tapping and harmonics, has since garnered over 380, 000 views.
3304.txt: Several restaurants and bars are also located in The well um uh um so Octagon, and in fine weather there is a considerable amount of open - air dining.
1955.txt: In July 1986, 'Hot Mix' received a permanent spot I mean uh so well uh on KZZP on Fridays and used the recording studios at KZZP to mix and record their show.
289.txt: All but one tirailleurs fell into captivity and the prisoners were taken to Culiacan prison.
3822.txt: The Rolling Stones covered the song on their second US okay um uh like you know album '12 X 5' in 1964 and performed it as like uh like well okay part of their first, October 1964, appearance on the Ed Sullivan Show.
879.txt: Dittrich was vice president of Liberal International until October 2007 well um you know so well but he now works for Human Rights Watch in New uh like uh like so York City, as Advocacy Director of the Lesbian Gay Bisexual & Transexual rights program.
3679.txt: The Constanţa metropolitan area, founded in 2007, well okay uh like I mean comprises 14 localities located at a maximum distance of from the uh I mean you know like okay city, and with 446, 595 inhabitants it is the second largest metropolitan area in Romania, after Bucharest.
545.txt: Bedford is a local prison holding Category B male prisoners like um um I mean um who have been remanded from Luton Crown Court and all magistrates' courts in Bedfordshire.
3321.txt: She becomes attracted to him and the next day they share a private walk on the beach.
3154.txt: Realizing the dog is not alive, and that it well okay so I mean I mean is possessed, the father finally makes a special trip to Ecuador to determine how to destroy the animal.
3631.txt: The Archaeological Museum of Cherchell is located in the okay you know I mean I mean well center of the seaport town of Cherchell in Algeria's Tipaza I mean well okay uh um Province, the Cherchell Museum houses what are widely considered to okay like I mean well well be the some of the best examples of Roman and Greek antiquities on the African continent.
4150.txt: The later deposits from the Tertiary, however, are of like you know so uh um lesser importance, with only small amounts of sand and gravel being quarried near the Villmarer Galgenberg.
662.txt: But when Ryad is kidnapped by the drug dealer Latif, um uh like well you know Malik tracks down Latif's partner inside the prison, kidnaps his family, and forces Latif's gang to release Ryad.
13.txt: 'For All Time' was formally released to radio on February 12, 2002.
2093.txt: In the following week, J and Linda get married in okay I mean um um um Mexico, and on the day of their wedding they come back to their house.
4010.txt: The early missionaries who arrived in Lahaina in 1823 explained you know so well well so to the Hawaiian Royalty the importance of an educational institution, okay well like uh I mean a number of which are buried in a small grave yard.
3126.txt: Public Administration Review, 2010: pg. 681 - 690 James Perry well so um you know um is one such scholar whose research reveals that public servants um I mean uh well like tend to be more intrinsically motivated, and thus, are prone to have a negative reaction to monetary incentives.
3122.txt: Proto - prog is the advanced music that slightly predates um so so you know well the post- 1969 prog era, a time when 'progressive well you know like you know uh rock' constituted a a diversity of loosely associated style codes.
648.txt: Burgoyne had gained the field of battle, like uh like like um but suffered nearly 600 casualties, mostly in Hamilton's well well uh I mean okay centre column, where the 62nd was reduced to like you know like well well the size of a single company and three quarters of the artillery men were killed or wounded.
1757.txt: If the train must continue a journey after calling like okay uh like okay at a terminal station, the train may not continue in okay okay like well well a straight line through the station, it must reverse out of the station.
4508.txt: There are numerous engineers from Amraha, such as Nehal, Shakir, Nurul.
3328.txt: She co-wrote the film with Gia and Tim Grace, and also starred in the movie.
1808.txt: In 1929, he isolated and crystallized the gastric enzyme pepsin and I mean so you know uh well determined that it was a protein and in 1938 he um uh uh I mean um isolated and crystallized the first bacteriophage (a small I mean you know um you know okay virus that attacks bacteria), and determined that it was a nucleoprotein.
159.txt: According to legend, William II de Soules, who was lord well you know okay um I mean of Hermitage Castle, was arrested and boiled alive okay well so so well by his tenants at the site in 1320 in okay okay well you know I mean a cauldron suspended from the two large stones, on account of being a particularly oppressive and cruel landlord.
2449.txt: Khmer and Mon - Khmer make up approximately 6 %, like so um like you know the Malays of Southern Thailand make up around 3 %, uh uh okay you know okay hill tribes like Hmong (Mien), Karen and other small hill tribes make up around 1 %.
2623.txt: Many celebrate on the 21st since many early Wiccan I mean uh I mean I mean so and Neopagan sources reference this date although due to global warming it no longer falls that early.
2041.txt: In law, a precedent that is on all fours with I mean well okay well you know the case at hand is one that almost exactly tracks it, sharing near - identical facts and issues.
1196.txt: George Gideon Oliver Osborne, (born Gideon Oliver Osborne; 23 May I mean well um well I mean 1971) is a British Conservative Party politician, who has you know like I mean um well been Member of Parliament (MP) for Tatton since June 2001.
4098.txt: The generic military history stubs are and; for a complete list of stubs, see and.
1758.txt: If there is no article, or an article without sources, well okay okay I mean well please do not add t not add links to firms' web sites.
1309.txt: He became ruler in June 530 after deposing so I mean I mean okay I mean his first cousin, two generations removed, Hilderic, who uh okay um like um had angered the Vandal nobility by converting to Catholic okay well you know well so Christianity, most of the Vandals at this time being fiercely devoted to Arian Christianity.
833.txt: Darnall is an suburb eastern Sheffield, it was initially a small hamlet usually included with Attercliffe.
609.txt: Born in Ingham, Queensland, Copley moved to Brisbane at a young age, like um like okay uh Copley played his junior rugby league for the Aspley um okay okay okay uh Devils and attended Wavell State High School before being signed by the Brisbane Broncos.
4573.txt: They built a large palace on the hill of uh okay uh um so Bribir, an ideal place to control the surrounding well so well like okay territory, overseeing all roads and approaches from the sea to the hinterland.
1859.txt: In 1995, developer Geary Simon renovated the streetcar station uh you know I mean um okay as a food court called 'Dupont Down Under'; the project ultimately failed and shut down a year later.
2747.txt: Most bluetooth keyboards, except a few, are not compatible across I mean you know um I mean you know operating systems, so compatibility of the keyboard needs to be checked you know you know okay well you know before purchasing one; this is because of the special function keys which differ between Android and iOS.
1436.txt: He made his debut with the crime film 'Nayakan' uh um uh well so (2010), following it up with 'City of God' so um um you know you know (2011) and 'Amen' (2013), the latter being a big commercial success at the box - office.
157.txt: According to historian Stevan K. Pavlowitch, the bombing of uh like you know uh okay Belgrade lasted for three days, other sources state the air you know like uh well so battle over Belgrade lasted just two days owing to poor flying weather on 8 April.
2749.txt: Most flatcars can not carry more than one standard I mean like um uh okay 40 foot container, but if the rail line has been okay I mean like I mean okay built with sufficient vertical clearance, a double - stack car can um okay so well okay accept a container and still leave enough clearance for another container on top.
4155.txt: The league also said there would be television coverage like okay okay like well of its matches in the United States, the United Kingdom, okay so so I mean uh France, the Czech Republic, Serbia, Southeast Asia, the Middle so um um okay you know East, Sub-Saharan Africa and countries worldwide and reach over 300 million households.
373.txt: Anna's hummingbirds can shake their bodies 55 times per like I mean uh I mean uh second to shed rain while in flight or, in dry weather, to remove pollen or dirt from feathers.
2546.txt: Like Dieckhoff, he sent warnings to the German government advising you know okay uh well I mean them of President Roosevelt's hostility, and was also involved in like you know you know you know um several attempts to drum up American isolationist opinion, like well uh uh I mean including efforts to get American authors to write in opposition to American involvement in the War.
3961.txt: The club joined the Northern Amateur League in 1994, like like you know like uh entering in Division 2C, and winning five trophies, including the 2C championship in their first season.
699.txt: Cardiac magnetic resonance may also be used as a diagnostic so um um you know like tool, and finally, cardiac catheterization may determine the extent of the regurgitation.
4020.txt: The episode was a watershed moment in the labor movement; its annual commemoration later became known as May Day, a celebration of labor.
1368.txt: He has hoodwinked the media into accepting him as the um you know okay so um go to person for comment on issues concerning the Muslim community well okay you know I mean you know even though he has no official standing within the like so um uh um community as any elected or appointed person by the community he speaks for.
3657.txt: The Buzz Feiten Tuning System is factory - installed okay well okay um uh on several well - known brands and qualified uh like um okay uh luthiers who are able to incorporate Feiten's formula into their instruments.
473.txt: At 6: 00 PM the troops were ordered to retreat, I mean I mean well well um and within two hours the mob was moving about the city, uh you know um I mean uh sacking shops and breaking into armories and a local gun factory to procure arms.
4479.txt: The writers of 'The Simpsons' know about the forum and well like you know I mean like have on several occasions read the comments made on it; like like like well okay the character Comic Book Guy is often used in um you know you know I mean so the show to lampoon and respond to the newsgroups fans.
2336.txt: Jainism is a minority religion in Thailand, Malaysia, I mean okay I mean you know I mean Singapore etc. However, the civilisation of India in general, has influenced like like like um so the languages, scripts, calendars, and artistic aspects of these people and nations.
3120.txt: Proletarian nation (, ) was a concept that fascism, um I mean okay well so especially Mussolini used for referring to Italy and other poorer countries, subjugated by the imperialist powers, of occident.
2206.txt: It is backed by Lions Gate Entertainment and Televisa uh um I mean well you know and made theatrical, relationships with movie exhibition chains including Regal Entertainment Group, AMC Theatres, cinemex, and Cinemark.
4019.txt: The episode continues from the previous episode Guess What's Coming to uh okay you know well okay Dinner? with the mortally injured Cylon Natalie being um you know uh so I mean taken to the sickbay where, after seeing visions of green trees, she dies.
2641.txt: Marilyn Monroe was found dead on August 5, 1962, at so okay well you know I mean her 12305 Fifth Helena Drive home in Polk County of um um you know well okay a top - billed actress for a decade, and her films grossed $ 200 million by 1962.
1051.txt: Faizi goes to Switzerland to study hotel management at the University okay like like well well of Lausanne and when he returns with much like so okay okay like fanfare after the course, it is revealed that he has secretly studied to become a chef and not hotel management.
2470.txt: Kobach is currently of counsel with IRLI, the legal okay so uh you know like arm of FAIR, which is described as a 'hate group,' by the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC).
3053.txt: People began to socialize at ceremonial, deep pit - um like you know um so houses that evolved into kivas and developed rituals for rain, sunshine and a successful harvest.
1901.txt: In 2009 Alyssa choose to played as Marissa (the Flora Venom) you know okay I mean um uh one of the Darna's enemy as the story continue she got you know you know I mean um well her power with Lucefera (Ang Babaeng Tuod) whom portrayed by Francine Prieto.
3308.txt: Several years before her death she moved to Bethesda, Wales I mean so well you know I mean with her younger son, Michael Wormald, a Labour councillor on Arfon District for 12 years.
1345.txt: He got his revenge in the following Tuesday, and was you know so you know I mean I mean given the key to his legitimate hometown of Plovdiv, uh you know you know so um Bulgaria, as the mayor, Ivan Totev granted him the key to the city, as witnessed by Aiden English.
2639.txt: Maria João Mira is a Portuguese screenwriter who authored several successful telenovelas.
3920.txt: The bank remains locally owned and operated in Ogden and uh so so uh like holds approximately $ 950 million in assets with approximately 300 employees.
1711.txt: However, in a result that far exceeded the I mean like okay I mean um most optimistic projections, the NDP took every seat in the um okay uh you know like city, in most cases by very large margins (4, 000 votes or more).
3872.txt: The Urchin Software Configuration Management system is an free and uh like um I mean uh open source initiative to provide an enterprise scale solution to you know well uh okay like managing the configuration of many software applications running on many servers across an enterprise.
4637.txt: This means that the energy requirement and the use of uh uh okay uh so primary energy can be considered the same, which is I mean you know okay I mean um not the case for industrial - size, common desalination plants, which are dependent on power - plants, working with fossil fuels.
3377.txt: She was a journalist with the Nine Network uh well okay so so there before joining the ABC and is a graduate of okay uh well well um Deakin University (Master of International Relations) and Queensland University of Technology (Bachelor of Journalism).
2275.txt: It was built in 1893 and was designed by like uh uh like I mean noted architect Wilson Eyre to be the home okay um well okay um of Joseph Leidy (1823 -- 1891), a noted I mean uh so okay so American paleontologist, and sit next door to the Clarence B. Moore House, which was designed by Eyre in 1890.
1756.txt: If the subtrahend, 'y', has fewer digits than you know uh I mean like like the minuend, 'x', leading zeros must be added, which will become leading nines when the complement is taken.
2671.txt: Meanwhile, Harry and Marv realize that Kevin is home okay uh um uh like alone, and on Christmas Eve, Kevin overhears them discussing plans to breaking into his house that night.
4311.txt: The race moved to Leopardstown from the Curragh as a uh well well um um Group 3 race in 2002, and it has been like I mean um you know um upgraded twice since - to Group 2 in 2003 and to Group 1 in 2004.
3879.txt: The Wenzao Ursuline Junior College of Modern Languages you know you know like uh I mean was named after Wenzao Lo, the first Chinese Catholic Bishop and like uh like um you know founded as an all - female school by the Ursulines in 1966.
2386.txt: John Thomas Wilder (January 31 1830 -- October 20 1917) was like um so I mean I mean an officer in the Union Army during the American um well like okay um Civil War and an industrialist who was instrumental in developing the natural resources of the State of Tennessee.
2254.txt: It organizes the football league, the Faroese Formuladeildin (the Faroese First Division), and the Faroe Islands national football team.
3816.txt: The Red Bull RB5 was a Formula One racing car so I mean you know so you know designed by the Red Bull Racing team for the 2009 okay okay okay you know like Formula One season, and was driven by Sebastian okay uh so okay um Vettel, who drove for Red Bull's sister team Toro Rosso in the 2008 season, and Mark Webber.
861.txt: Despite the king's repeated efforts, luck each time saves the boy, who ultimately um like like uh okay exiles the king who ends up in a cursed I mean okay so um uh life as a ferryman when he grabs the cursed ferryman's oar freeing the previous ferryman.
2312.txt: Its administrative headquarters are located in the town hall of you know so um you know like Weston - super - Mare, and has a resident population of 202, 566.
2329.txt: Ivanović scored his first international goal on 12 September 2007 I mean well well uh so in a UEFA Euro 2008 qualifying match against I mean uh like I mean okay Portugal in Lisbon; following a Dejan Stanković in - uh um um you know um swinging freekick, he scored with two minutes remaining to seal a 1 -- 1 draw.
774.txt: Clothing is viewed as a mean of expression -- making all students you know um um okay well wear the same clothes or limit them to what they can wear can disrupt their sense of identity.
2507.txt: Later, he led a division of the XVI Corps in uh you know you know okay uh the Red River Campaign of Maj. Gen. Nathaniel Banks, and like you know uh you know so received the brevet rank of colonel in the regular army for his services at the action of Pleasant Hill.
1129.txt: Francis Kahata (born 7 June 1991) is a Kenyan footballer well you know so like well who played for Kenya national football team at the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifiers.
4994.txt: Zelchenko is an associate professor of Saint Petersburg State uh um like okay well University; he is also a translator from Ancient Greek, concentrating on newly discovered texts.
4292.txt: The present spire was added in the late fifteenth century, replacing one blown down in 1362.
3070.txt: Phillips performed in a variety of genres, including bebop, mainstream jazz, swing, jump blues and East Coast blues.
1578.txt: Healey is a rural estate and civil okay you know you know well I mean parish in Northumberland, England, situated between Riding Mill to the north and Slaley to the south.
4661.txt: This version also appeared on Sebadoh's 1992 compilation album um you know well uh um 'Smash Your Head on the Punk Rock' as well as a well uh well well well number of various artist compilations, including the City Slang compilation 'Slanged!', and the Eurostar compilation 'Going Underground Vol. II'.
2046.txt: In one of Warrington's earliest studies, she investigated eighty right - okay uh so like um handed patients who showed signs of a unilateral cerebral lesion resulting from problems such as a stroke or tumor.
357.txt: An important crossroads throughout its early history, the village of I mean so okay like so Hawleyville briefly emerged as a railroad center, and the town's population grew to over 4, 000 circa 1881.
4048.txt: The film released on 4 July 2008 with 540 okay like you know um like plus prints (including 200 digital screens) and approximately 200 prints overseas.
2360.txt: Jennifer J. Arroyo (Born March 20 in Staten Island, um uh I mean you know okay New York) is an American bassist best known for um like okay um okay her tenure in the Canadian alternative metal group Kittie.
4392.txt: The song was removed from YouTube because it was tagged as you know you know so uh uh a YouTube policy violation that forbids hate speech, but copies of it were uploaded to the site.
1684.txt: Horowitz's book, ' (2006), criticizes individual professors for, as you know um you know I mean I mean he alleges, engaging in indoctrination rather than a disinterested pursuit of knowledge.
1620.txt: His Kogigaku school rejected the Neo-Confucianism of Zhu Xi and like okay uh um uh instead advocated looking to the original works, his school you know I mean like um okay is considered part of a larger school, Kogaku, led by scholars such as Yamaga Sokō and Ogyū Sorai.
1511.txt: He was a controlling and abusive man with many like um I mean so so other lovers, who once shot her in the leg when she tried to leave him.
4558.txt: They also wear a Loki head and a MF um well you know I mean like patch only the club know what those are used for okay you know uh like um or signify law enforcement theorizes with the help so uh okay well you know of informants and through interrogations but really in the end the club are the people that know.
1409.txt: He is one of the pioneers of Turkish literature who aims at bridging traditional Islamic beliefs and modern poetic techniques.
4876.txt: When Teth - Adam says the magic word 'Shazam', he I mean I mean so you know so is transformed into a super-powered being possessing the same powers that Captain you know well uh well I mean Marvel would later be granted; however, Mighty Adam is soon corrupted by the vastness of his powers.
3116.txt: Production of the film started in 2004 as a personal project so okay um um um by Thai businesswoman Wallapa Phimtong, who was beset by financial difficulties and delays.
3901.txt: The album was released on July 15, 2014 for like like um uh um free as an early birthday gift from Kevin to his I mean so you know okay okay fans and was met with positive praise from numerous music sites such as Billboard, Complex, SPIN Pigeons & Planes, and 2DopeBoyz.
4012.txt: The eastern half of the country, on the other well you know so so you know hand, was once a British protectorateno clothesion and spoken domestically along with Spanish and indigenous languages.
4666.txt: This was also supposed to be Derek Bell's I mean you know okay like um swansong Le Mans, driving a Porsche - powered Kremer well um okay like well with Gulf sponsorship; the lure of driving a McLaren F1 GTR with son Justin the following year proved too strong.
3527.txt: Succeeding Pope John XXIII, he continued the Second Vatican Council uh like you know like well and fostered improved ecumenical relations with Orthodox and Protestants, which resulted in many historic meetings and agreements.
812.txt: Cromwell had eight or nine of the more truculent of okay I mean um you know okay Lilburne's troopers arrested, tried at an improvised court - martial, and found guilty of mutiny.
2341.txt: James Curran was a native of The Liberties, Dublin, well so well okay so an area which had experienced severe drug abuse problems okay like so so well since the early 1980s, and gave Curran a disgust both for drugs and those who profited by it.
480.txt: At length, after seven years of strenuous labour, Dalhousie, on um okay I mean um you know 6 March 1856, set sail for England on board so so so so um the Company's 'by the' Tribune' to Spithead, which he reached on 11 May.
4154.txt: The lawsuit states that the Executive Order is unconstitutional because well uh you know I mean I mean the Trump Administration is overstepping the authority allowed under the uh uh well like um by forcing federal agencies to violate governing statutes, uh uh I mean I mean you know like the Administrative Procedure Act which establishes the way agencies pass regulations.
1876.txt: In 2001 Weston Williamson developed and built their offices uh so well I mean like on Tower Bridge Road, London where they have an office of 60 architects working on a variety of projects.
72.txt: A finger is a limb of the human well so you know uh well body and a type of digit, an organ of and found in the hands of humans and other primates.
1542.txt: He was excommunicated from the church on September 19, you know well I mean I mean um 1993; the reasons for his excommunication, as reportedly given by church leaders, were apostasy and false teaching.
317.txt: Although Elliott was running for the UUP he was like well well well okay also being actively supported by the DUP, the TUV well uh like so uh and UKIP. The Tory party also refused to run a well um you know like uh candidate in Fermanagh South Tyrone despite running in 16 out of 18 constituencies.
4678.txt: Thomas Pritzker was born on June 6, 1950, the uh uh uh um I mean son of Jay Pritzker (1922 -- 99) and his wife, Marian Friend.
1789.txt: In 1867 the Illinois Central extended its track into Iowa, like like uh like um and during the 1870s and 1880s the IC acquired and expanded railroads in the southern United States.
548.txt: Before long, her photo and byline were running in well I mean uh um uh the 'Bulletin' daily, churning out formulaic romantic fiction serials that would run for weeks at a time.
3489.txt: Spicoli wrecks Ridgemont football player Charles Jefferson's 1979 Chevrolet so uh uh so so Camaro Z28 then parks the car in front of the you know I mean like well okay school with slurs painted on it supposedly written by Ridgemont's rival, Lincoln High.
4138.txt: The island remained continuously French until 1960 when Senegal I mean like like so um was granted independence, with only brief periods of English occupation you know uh you know okay um during the various wars fought by France and England between 1677 and 1815.
1672.txt: Ho Yi also known as Ho Yi Wong (黃浩義) um uh okay um like (pinyin Huáng Hào Yì; born 1956) is a Chinese actor, director, playwright and producer of Hong Kong origin.
2952.txt: On the other hand, the book extends and builds on well so uh like well the existing body of query language issues, many of you know okay like um well which were addressed by Codd in several papers throughout the 1980s.
1172.txt: Galad confronts Eamon Valda, the leader of the Whitecloaks, for you know you know I mean you know okay allegedly killing his stepmother Queen Morgase of Andor, and um I mean like uh I mean kills him in a duel, and in the process becoming the leader of the Whitecloaks.
4674.txt: Thomas George Lyon - Bowes, Lord Glamis (6 February, 1801 like um so okay I mean -- 27 January, 1834) was the only son of okay like I mean like well Thomas Lyon - Bowes, 11th Earl of Strathmore and Kinghorne and Mary Elizabeth Louisa Rodney Carpenter.
30.txt: 'Raise the Alarm' is a song by Australian rock okay like like well so band The Living End, it is the second track and third single from their fifth studio album, 'White Noise'.
4599.txt: They were erected at Elandslaagte near Johannesburg, now the um uh um okay okay city of Germiston, and were placed in service on the new line to Boksburg.
3646.txt: The Brazilian team won all nine games played in okay so okay okay so the tournament and became the first nation from America and okay you know okay you know okay only the second non-European country (after South Korea) to win the title.
4269.txt: The photovoltaic off - grid market has been researched by international institutes, um like I mean um so universities and market research companies, it's estimated in 2010 between 1 and 2 GW depending on the source.
3843.txt: The Stanley Park Ecology Society started in 1988 when it first like okay you know uh you know began to promote stewardship and currently has programs for education, research and community involvement.
2052.txt: In recent years people using maphacks having to okay I mean like like uh with Blizzard Entertainment's Diablo II have been charged with cheating I mean um so um I mean and have had their accounts banned and, in extreme cases, there IP address's banned.
2223.txt: It is located in the old part of the capital, so so um okay you know Dhaka. 42nd batch is the best batch in the history of well I mean well like um this medical college. It is affiliated with the University of Dhaka.
588.txt: Blondin - Andrew is a Dene who is the um okay so so well Member of Parliament for the district of Western Arctic um so so I mean you know in the Northwest Territories and Minister of State (Northern Development) in the Liberal Cabinet of Prime Minister Paul Martin.
2381.txt: John Merryman (August 9, 1824 -- November 15, 1881) was the like like like you know well petitioner in one of the best known habeas corpus cases of well I mean you know like uh the American Civil War, a militia officer during the Civil War, and a Maryland politician.
191.txt: After Passeig de Gràcia, R2 Sud trains, together with like so well um um the R13, R14, R15 and R16 and long - well I mean like um uh distance services, branch off to Estació de França, so that so well okay well well the R2 only shares tracks with the R11 from this point on.
3142.txt: Rain prevents winged aphids from dispersing, and knocks aphids well well um so okay off plants and thus kills them from the impact or by okay so you know uh I mean starvation, but can not be relied on for aphid control.
3735.txt: The INLA shot dead one of their own members, claiming he was an informer for the British.
1265.txt: Hall quickly began to hemorrhage support when it became apparent okay so uh well you know that she lacked a campaign message, outside of her 'love so um you know um well for Toronto' and her perceived ability to get a 'new deal' with the provincial Liberals.
863.txt: Despite the wound, the perpetrator, Andrew Brannan, was able to flee you know um I mean like okay the scene, but was discovered the next morning you know I mean uh um okay hiding in a sleeping bag beneath a camouflage tarp like uh well you know so in Laurens County, Georgia, by police, and arrested for the murder of Dinkheller.
2927.txt: On November 9, 2011, the band went on their first tour arranged you know uh well like uh by new label Fearless Records - the Fearless Friends so okay uh well um Tour, which took place up until December 16, 2011.
2235.txt: It is situated at the foothills of Nilgiris at Mettupalayam, 40 KM from Coimbatore spread in an area of about 65 acres.
3187.txt: Riverside, South Memphis is one of the oldest portions of I mean um okay I mean you know South Memphis, Tennessee, made up of mainly elderly people as well as young people.
361.txt: Ancoats is an inner city area of Manchester, in North I mean I mean okay like I mean West England, next to the Northern Quarter and the northern part of Manchester's commercial centre.
3390.txt: She was involved in a number of activities at Duke I mean I mean I mean uh I mean and served as treasurer of Chi Omega sorority and as president of the field hockey club.
2209.txt: It is both a love and reproachful song towards the you know okay you know so so two parents: a version for the mother and one for well you know like okay like the father, but it is unknown whether the song is blaming the parents or thanking them.
286.txt: Alisha Silver is a fictional character and a Marvel Comics character.
156.txt: According to declassified documents, made public by the National Security Archive, I mean okay so you know I mean CORU was created to unify five different Cuban exile groups, at so uh I mean I mean um a meeting in Bonao, a small town in the Dominican Republic in June 1976.
1819.txt: In 1940 the Monument was destroyed by the Nazis you know well like so okay following German invasion of Poland and was not to be seen in the Square until its restoration in 1955.
2813.txt: Nicola was dating Jimmy King, so Sandy and Doug hatched a plan uh uh um you know well to make her move in with him, which worked you know so so well um but Nicola went between Mulberry Cottage and Mill Cottage for a while.
3598.txt: The 1981 film directed by Karel Reisz and written I mean I mean I mean okay I mean Harold Pinter stared Meryl Streep and received considerable critical acclaim, recieving several BAFTAs and Golden Globes.
3010.txt: Overall, Wisconsin law is ambiguous when it comes to you know well so okay so allowing same - sex couples to jointly petition for adoption, uh I mean I mean well uh however, LGBT couples may attain some level of shared guardianship like um uh like uh through a co-parenting agreement or another 'de-facto' legal arrangement granted by Wisconsin courts.
807.txt: Craig Hartsburg (born June 29, 1959 in Stratford, um okay um well uh Ontario) is a retired professional ice hockey defenceman uh like okay so um who played ten seasons with the Minnesota North Stars you know so well okay I mean of the National Hockey League from 1979 - 80 until 1988 - 89.
3513.txt: Stjepan (Stephen) Tvrtko I (5 August 1338 -- 10 you know like you know so so March 1391) was a ruler of medieval Bosnia and a member of the House of Kotromanić.
1482.txt: He scored a total of seven league goals in like um um well uh the 2007 - 08 season; however, because of the number of well uh I mean uh I mean games he played for both Charlton and China, he was uh okay uh you know okay less effective in the second half of the season as a result of fatigue.
864.txt: Despite these tests, the main Project Habakkuk was never put into well like like so okay action due to limitations in funds and the belief um like um like I mean that the tides of the war were beginning to well um you know okay well turn in favour of the Allies using more conventional methods.
1624.txt: His company, Overseas Diamonds, was based in Antwerp, and operated as a diamond marketing company.
2571.txt: Long Yun was an ethnic Yi General, and later Governor of Yunnan, Long Yun was a cousin of Lu Han.
1538.txt: He was educated at Eton College and Christ Church, Oxford, you know okay you know uh okay and was subsequently made a Fellow of Oriel College, OxfPrincipal of King's College London from 1844 to 1868.
2908.txt: On December 24, 'The Interview' was made available on online rental okay you know you know well um services, and will have a limited release at selected cinemas on December 25.
3397.txt: Shops also dominate the northern side of the park, well okay like like so with the Northeast corner was occupied by the Wingham Hotel I mean so like okay I mean or Bottom Pub from 1926 until it burned down on 5 July 2010.
2034.txt: In interviews, Messina has said she covered the song in like so um uh like memory of Dottie West, one of her biggest influences: ' She was the first woman to cross over.
3691.txt: The Department of Labor had taken no action on Yablonski's like uh so um so complaints while he lived, but after his murder, Labor Secretary um so okay like um George P. Shultz assigned 230 investigators to the UMWA investigation.
3232.txt: Ryan shows more immoral traits in 'Garage Sale', when so um you know okay uh he sells jars of his mother's homemade Pesto sauce, okay I mean uh um uh and tells the camera that his mother has never wanted to so you know um you know I mean sell her sauce, as she intended it to just be for family.
2322.txt: Its radiator was in the nose between the engine and propeller, you know like I mean so um only just beyond the wing and its fuel tank was in the wing centre - section.
3729.txt: The Hatkar (archaically transliterated as HattiKara or Barhatta, BaraHatti) are I mean like like okay like a division of the Dhangar shepherding caste, found predominantly well so like okay like in the state of Maharashtra, as well as Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat, Karnataka, and Andhra Pradesh.
1525.txt: He was born 1758 in Clifton, Gloucester, near Bristol, England, um like well like you know and was murdered 1799 at sea by pirates plundering his ship.
433.txt: As a youth, Fidler spent a great deal of time along Conception uh you know like like well Bay, where he developed an appreciation for Newfoundland's music and culture.
518.txt: Back in the ring, Bryan repeatedly kicked Sheamus 'left you know uh um uh so arm while Sheamus' was in the ropes and refused to stop well um you know you know so at the referee's five count, so the referee disqualified Bryan and awarded the first fall to Sheamus.
64.txt: A concert performance of the original version, possibly its first hearing you know you know you know um um in 100 years, took place at the Golders Green so you know I mean so well Hippodrome in London on 2 August 1975; this so so like so like production was broadcast on 1 January 1976 and issued on CD.
1573.txt: He worked professionally under some renowned Choreographers named Sukalyan well like uh okay well Bhattacharya, Santosh Shetty, Geeta Kapoor and many others, between them Sukalyan Bhattacharya is an inspiration to him.
3749.txt: The Joe Paterno statue was a bronze sculpture of so I mean like uh um Joe Paterno, former head coach of the Penn State Nittany so so like okay I mean Lions football team. Artist Angelo Dimaria was commissioned by well well so okay like Paterno friends and Family to Design the sculpture of Joe Paterno in recognition of his contributions to the university.
39.txt: ' To feed, the louse bites through the skin and so I mean well so so injects saliva which prevents blood from clotting which is very itchy; it then sucks blood into its digestive tract.
1827.txt: In 1959, after the Chinese invasion, he left Tibet and after okay you know so so well spending one and a half years in Kalimpong he well like like so you know settled in Rumtek Monastery (Sikkim), the main seat of the 16th Karmapa.
1753.txt: If some energy is placed in the 'sender' coil, provided the uh I mean uh well uh Q of the transmitting circuit is significantly greater than uh like okay um you know the coupling coefficient, then much of um okay so uh well the power can be absorbed by the receiving coil and can be tapped off.
3737.txt: The Illuminated Chronicle (Chronicon Hungariae Pictum or Chronica like so so uh like de Gestis Hungarorum) represents the international artistic style of the royal courts in the court of Lajos (Louis) the Great.
2573.txt: Lord & Taylor added a store in 1980, only to so so um like so close it in 1994, being replaced by Jacobson's went bankrupt and was replaced by Von Maur.
36.txt: 'The Rain Song' is a love ballad, over 7 minutes in I mean okay you know I mean I mean length, and is considered by singer Robert Plant to be his best overall vocal performance.
3024.txt: Pamela is a psychotherapist of Texan descent and sister of writer and entrepreneur Margaret Heffernan.
1081.txt: Following a peace deal signed on March 4, 2007, it was considered like I mean you know well like a possibility that Soro would be named prime minister I mean well so I mean you know in a new government, and Gbagbo was said to want Soro as the next prime minister.
1969.txt: In March 2012, the label made a surprising decision I mean um well like so to sign the relatively unknown Joie De Vivre (formerly so uh okay okay you know of Count Your Lucky Stars Records); their more traditional so uh you know um like Midwestern Emo sound a stark contrast to the rest of the label's catalogue.
2898.txt: On April 8, 2015 showrunner Al Jean announced that there will uh like um um okay be no more DVD or Blu - ray releases, shifting focus to digital distribution.
1210.txt: Gilmore and fellow preparator Norman H. Boss, who later became you know you know well um uh Chief Preparator at the museum, together built the world's like you know I mean you know I mean first mounted 'Triceratops' skeleton, which went on display in 1905.
628.txt: Bradley Prairie is the name of a prairie in well like like okay like Southwest Angelina County, Texas, located in the vicinity of the town of Burke, Texas.
1837.txt: In 1975, he was diagnosed with glaucoma and then cataracts well well uh you know um in both eyes, and by 1983 he was unable to do any more microscopy.
3418.txt: Since 2007, she has been shipping medical supplies and equipments you know like like you know I mean worth hundreds of thousands of dollars to her home country um so you know you know so as a way to give back to a country she so dearly love.
3556.txt: Taking the airfield at Wau was a crucial step in this I mean okay uh you know well process, and to this end, the 51st Division was transferred like I mean you know um so from Indochina to Rabaul then sent on to Lae; these were joined by the last troops evacuated from Buna - Gona.
3032.txt: Parle Agro is an Indian private limited company that you know you know uh you know so owns several popular brands including Frooti, Appy, LMN, Hippo and Bailley.
1931.txt: In Berimbau, teams had to construct two berimbaus using plastic bottles like like um well you know and following a model, once completed the expert would hand them their next clue.
346.txt: Amy Allen, a production assistant at Industrial Light and Magic, was given okay okay I mean you know uh the role, and digitally added to scenes in the Jedi Temple and during the climactic battle on Geonosis.
4977.txt: Yazan Halwani is a street artist from Beirut, like so um like like Lebanon that paints murals through a combination of renewed Arabic calligraphy and portraits.
1396.txt: He is best known for his leading role in the Norwegian like you know okay uh I mean - Swedish film 'Headhunters' (2011), as Tydeus in 'Hercules', as uh I mean I mean well well well as a minor role in Ridley Scott's 'The Martian' (2015).
708.txt: Carter confronts Peter in his former office and demands for him to like okay well okay so relinquish control of the company, but he refuses; he instead forces him to work as a janitor.
3852.txt: The Tl'etinqox - t'in Government reserve community and offices are located um well well so so at the town of Alexis Creek, which is known as Tl'etinqox in the Chilcotin language.
1170.txt: Gagan Kokri is an punjabi singer. Blessings of Baapu and 'Asla' is his Best ever hits.
4494.txt: Then in early 2005 Philip Green sold his stake well you know like uh so in the business to David Thompson who began uh okay okay you know like Owen Owens expansion they purchased Joplings & Robbs off the now defuncted uh well like you know uh Merchant Retail Group Plc and purchased Esslemonte & Macintosh of the Esslemonte Family.
222.txt: After his return, in 1009 he became qadi in Valencia, and was killed at Córdoba when the Berbers took the city.
4287.txt: The popularity of the song made the group to appear on okay you know okay okay uh MTV's 'TRL' in the U. S. Early 2001 and well I mean um I mean like the song was added to the track list of um well okay um like the U. S. Compilation album, 'Now That's What I Call Music Vol. 7'.
2862.txt: Often talents are used in antisocial or asocial ways, for okay so I mean um well example, many criminals display this type of selfish behavior in the okay uh um um so service of advancing their own goals at the expense of others.
1360.txt: He has also fielded trucks part - time for himself, so I mean like I mean okay Larry Foyt, and Jennifer Jo Cobb. Derrike has feilded no. 78 for one race in nationwide.
3656.txt: The Broken Hill Ore Deposit, located underneath and namesake for the you know uh well okay okay town of Broken Hill, western New South Wales, Australia I mean okay uh like well is arguably the world's richest and largest zinc - lead ore deposit.
1834.txt: In 1971, Leila had a short participation as a okay so okay I mean um burlesque star, and also she married the movie director Ruy Guerra, father of her only daughter.
4948.txt: With some matchmaking from Steve's mother, Jaime and Steve's relationship quickly I mean well okay uh um blossomed, but their happiness was replaced by tragedy one day when the couple went skydiving.
3579.txt: The 'ASAP' music video features the four members in revealing, patchy uh uh uh I mean like black leather outfits sporting choreographed dance routines and includes a group of male dancers in several scenes.
1501.txt: He switched to quarterbacks coach in 2013 and became offensive coordinator of the Mustangs in 2016.
964.txt: During this time he wrote his first novel, 'Guiana uh so okay so you know Boy', which was published in 1960 ( re-issued as like I mean okay you know so 'Guyana Boy' by Peepal Tree Press in 2002 ), and was the first novel by a Guyanese of Indian descent.
3006.txt: Over the years its name was changed many times mostly okay uh you know like like because of the regime change in the country, for uh I mean well um okay example, when Latvia was a part of the USSR um uh you know well um it was named after Janis Fabricius, a military commander of the Red Army.
1878.txt: In 2002, Schueler was rumored to be a contestant for, I mean uh like I mean like despite the rumors she never appeared on the show.
4679.txt: Thomas Salme (born February 18, 1969) is a Swedish pilot uh I mean I mean you know um and photographer who became a celebrity after flying passenger jets for thirteen years without a commercial pilot's license.
914.txt: Due to many key players being injured in the you know so okay so well 2004 pre-season, Stanton was immediately brought into the Essendon team uh so so well you know for his debut in the Round, 1 clash where the Bombers were comfortably defeated by Port Adelaide.
1356.txt: He had married while in London, but had reason to suspect his wife's adultery.
3763.txt: The Linguistic Society of America (LSA) was founded in 1924 to advance the scientific study of human language.
3267.txt: Schuler sometimes produces records under the alias 'boyblue', and in 2012 started a new band called 'Pretty in Pink'.
1211.txt: Girls as well as boys are portrayed on wine jugs which well okay I mean okay well are connected with the spring festival the Anthesteria, though okay well so well like depictions of boys on these jugs are much more common.
1818.txt: In 1940 he transferred to VfL Leisnig and played uh like uh uh you know there until 1943 after which he played for several other clubs including BC Hartha, SC Döbeln and Zwickau - Oberhohndorf.
2001.txt: In an earlier interview in 2000, Yao said he you know um I mean uh well had never seen a fortune cookie in China and guessed it must have been an American invention.
758.txt: Cittaslow is a movement founded in Italy and inspired by the Slow Food organization.
1408.txt: He is lured into the basement by It in the form of a headless boy, whom he narrowly escapes.
810.txt: Criniti's command radioed for tanks to support their line I mean I mean I mean um uh and an Italian relief column, including another ten tanks um you know you know uh uh and two trucks, Time Magazine, January 10, 1936 was sent immediately.
3671.txt: The Clare Boothe Luce Policy Institute advocates for the principles of I mean I mean like okay you know American conservatism - although it promotes small government policies, uh well like uh I mean its focus on women has led it to also focus on traditionalism.
2301.txt: It was powered by the BMW M12 turbocharged engine looked after by Swiss engine guru Heini Mader.
3890.txt: The activity of neurons generate electric currents; and the so you know well uh uh synchronous action of neural ensembles in the cerebral cortex, so I mean I mean uh so comprising large numbers of neurons, produce macroscopic oscillations, which can be monitored and graphically documented by an electroencephalogram (EEG).
2776.txt: Mussolini continued to promote the need of a revolutionary vanguard uh well well well I mean elite to lead society, but he no longer advocated a you know um so uh well proletarian vanguard but instead a vanguard led by dynamic and revolutionary people of any social class.
3811.txt: The Problem of Handicapped Infants' is a 1985 you know okay uh so like book by Peter Singer and Helga Kuhse, in I mean you know you know okay um which the authors examine moral issues surrounding babies born with severe disabilities, and argues for infanticide in certain cases.
3877.txt: The Walter Rand Transportation Center is a transportation hub well like um uh you know located at Martin Luther King Boulevard and Broadway in Camden, so like well like okay New Jersey served by the River LINE, the Broadway Station of uh okay I mean like so the PATCO Speedline, New Jersey Transit buses and Greyhound intercity buses.
1810.txt: In 1930, he continued his career in the International so um I mean well like Marine Radio Company, where he became a director, finally retired from the company in 1950.
1503.txt: He tells her how his mother changed after his you know well so like so father died, giving his stepfather the ranch his father wanted to leave to Perce.
1820.txt: In 1941, The Viceroy of India, Lord Linlithglow nominated I mean okay like well so him to the Defense Council but the Quaid um like well so okay - i - Azam who headed the All - India Muslim League asked him to resign.
4731.txt: Tokyopop licensed 'Paradise Kiss' for an English - language release you know um I mean you know you know in North America and published the series from May 21, 2002 to March 9, 2004.
2972.txt: One such challenge was Kiki's sudden loss of ability to um uh uh um um fly, which is only loosely paralleled in the novel, where I mean uh you know I mean you know Kiki's broom breaks and merely requires her to fix it.
4734.txt: Tom reveals that he has had his ear okay you know okay I mean like pierced, but by who? , tom shows his sisters who can not you know you know you know well um help but laugh, when Jane arrives home from work and um okay okay like so Tom reveals the earing to her, she is not pleased.
3838.txt: The South Varsity Boys' tennis squad has been consistently so okay um well well ranked in the top 10 of New Jersey high school tennis teams.
3143.txt: Raleigh was originally called 'Operation Drake' when first introduced so um uh you know so in 1978 by Colonel John Blashford - Snell and HRH Prince Charles, the Prince of Wales.
536.txt: Baťa and his wife Sonja were greeted warmly in the main so well you know uh um square in Zlin by thousands of people cheering him and well uh I mean okay I mean he immediately initiated plans for the return of the Organization to the place where it all started.
2791.txt: Natural cleaning products are substances used to clean, deodorize, and um uh like so well / or disinfect that are less damaging to the environment and safer for humans and pets than conventional cleaning products.
3832.txt: The Sharks grew into a perennial Pacific Division contender in the okay so well I mean like 2000s following the drafting of several players, among them including okay uh uh um I mean forward Patrick Marleau, taken second overall in 1997, like so so I mean so who holds the franchise records for the most goals (404) and points (861).
4140.txt: The islands of the Philippines are inhabited by a number of I mean um okay um I mean different ethnolinguistic groups, the majority of whose own languages are Austronesian in origin.
856.txt: Designed by the Russian architect Alexey Gornostaev so well like uh okay (1808 -- 1862), the cathedral was built after his death in 1862 -- 1868.
1799.txt: In 1912 the city was liberated by the Kingdom okay um uh well so of Serbia during the Balkan Wars and after the First World I mean you know uh uh okay War the city became part of the newly formed Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes (Kingdom of Yugoslavia).
3583.txt: The 'Grey Passion' was part of an altar painting, well you know like um so originally consisting of a triptych, and the central part um uh so you know well of it was a sculpture, made by sculptor Gregor so okay well you know I mean Erhart (ca. 1470 - 1540), now lost.
4472.txt: The wilderness area, named for former New York congressman Otis um you know I mean well like G. Pike, is the only federally designated wilderness area in okay so I mean um uh New York State, and one of the smallest wilderness areas managed by the National Park Service.
2586.txt: Lynch is a member of the American Law like well well okay I mean Institute, and of various bar associations and advisory committees.
871.txt: Dick imagines a future where the United States Congress okay um okay okay um has decided that abortion is legal until the soul enters well um um uh um the body, which is specified as the moment a person well um so um okay has the ability to do simple algebra (around the age of 12).
4111.txt: The historic Trenear Tin Stamping Mill and the mile uh so uh okay so long leat which dates from 1493 along with like you know well okay I mean some meadows were acquired by Peter in 1974 having been a dairy from the 1880s until 1972.
1288.txt: He accepted a scholarship to play at Boston College, where so like like okay like he was a three - year starter and played multiple well okay so so um positions along the offensive line, before settling in at right tackle.
1169.txt: GSPs have a lot of energy and if not given the right amount of attention, can become bored and destructive.
3576.txt: That autumn, Hogg travelled to Edinburgh to visit the couple and greatly enjoyed his stay with them.
943.txt: During the 2010 Christmas Day game against the Arizona Cardinals, McGee so um um well um came in to replace the injured Kitna, and made his um like okay um um first regular season touchdown pass, completing the game with uh you know well okay I mean 11 - of - 17 passes for 111 yards and a quarterback rating of 102. 8.
1516.txt: He was a student at the University of Tennessee, and you know so well so well graduated from International Performing Arts Academy after which he moved um so you know like okay to San Diego, California, where he developed an interest in comics.
2196.txt: It involves retention, memory, repetition, enunciation, diction, and involves ten factors so you know okay okay I mean that use every letter in the alphabet a variety of times.
4002.txt: The department 'Computer technology and science' were founded the same well uh you know I mean well year. This profile became the first Bulgarian representative in the International Organization of Computer Science (UPE).
594.txt: Bobby Beale (né Hobbs) is the son of Ian and Laura Beale (Adam Woodyatt and Hannah Waterman).
3393.txt: She was the daughter of Bohemund VI of Antioch like okay um well you know and the sister of Bohemund VII of Tripoli.
1657.txt: His partner was Allison MacLean and the two began skating together in 1981.
1490.txt: He served in the United States Air Force from 1954 well well well like I mean to 1957, training in Nevada and California and eventually piloting okay well well uh um bombers in the Strategic Air Command's atomic bomb fleet based in Riverside, California.
4706.txt: Tisci, under Givenchy, designed the costumes for Madonna's 'Sticky and okay so I mean I mean well Sweet tour' in 2008, following Jean Paul Gaultier and Dolce & Gabbana.
2797.txt: Nelly, a child of great natural spiritual insight, acts um I mean I mean um you know as Benny's moral conscience; when she dies, following a street accident, he is in despair.
1521.txt: He was also chief of the Experts Advisory Cell like okay you know you know um that worked to improve efficiency of State Owned Enterprises and received mention in the World Bank Report.
2780.txt: Mysterious leader of SHADOW, in the Kikaider 01 tokusatsu series who forces Gill Hakaider to serve him.
1050.txt: Faison's pursuit of the crystals soon became an afterthought, I mean uh so so well as he soon became fixated on marrying Anna, which okay so okay uh like she was reluctant to do, until Faison threatened to expose her past to Robin.
2849.txt: Now it is no longer possible to find the old maps in well you know I mean you know you know the secret archives, and even those which Xiao He uh um I mean I mean you know found are missing; we only have maps, both general and local, from the (Later) Han time.
4714.txt: To portray the war - blinded Victor, Morgan interviewed a series well okay you know so I mean of ex-service men and women helped by Morgan contacted Blind well you know like well so Veterans UK and spent a day at the charity's you know uh okay um um Brighton Centre, where he received the same training as blind veterans, while blindfolded.
1470.txt: He received the Yarmolinsky Medal in 2002 for uh okay um um so his contributions to the National Academies and was elected to the America Law Institute in 2014.
4531.txt: There students don't just go from class to class, completing regular assignments, uh uh um um uh they participate in quests, aimed at solving complex problems, okay you know well like uh advancing from one level to another, culminating in a final project.
3470.txt: Some time later, the Jinnouchi family celebrate their victory as well like so like um well as Sakae's birthday and has Natsuki kiss Kenji after confessing their love to each other.
3517.txt: Stranded, he dies in space; the crew continue with the mission, demoralized by Corrigan's death.
3571.txt: Tennikoit can be played indoors or outside, on any like I mean uh like so surface which includes red sand, clay, and cement.
2339.txt: James, son of Alpheaus was called the Less or I mean I mean uh you know okay the Younger was a brother of the apostle Matthew and I mean um I mean like I mean the son of Mary (not to be confused with Mary, the mother of Jesus).
1961.txt: In June 2012, it was reported that the you know uh like well I mean company was under investigation by the attorney generals' offices of 15 okay so you know like like separate states for suspected targeting of military veterans with deceptive recruiting practices for its for - profit school clients.
2022.txt: In foreign policy, the Republicans denounced the okay like I mean I mean you know Federalists over Jay's Treaty, perceived as too favorable to Britain, uh uh like you know uh while the French ambassador embarrassed the Republicans by publicly like well I mean like well backing them and attacking the Federalists right before the election.
2505.txt: Later, Tariq Mustafa worked closely with Abdul Salam and Dr I mean okay so um you know. I. H Usmani (Chairman PAEC) and led the um okay I mean I mean like effort to obtain rocket manufacturing technology from France and well you know um like I mean established rocket manufacturing plants near Mauripur, Karachi which um I mean okay so so was later joined by Air Commodore Turowicz as the Executive Director.
897.txt: Douglas Erwin Bollinger (born 24 July 1981) is a professional you know like I mean uh okay Australian cricketer who currently plays first - class cricket for the New South Wales Blues and international cricket for Australia.
1915.txt: In 2014, 7 Up launched '7x7Up' -- a multi-platform campaign centered okay I mean like so okay around EDM that includes digital content, advertising featuring producers, and branded stages at both Ultra and Electric Daisy Carnival.
4749.txt: TriMet, the Portland metropolitan area's regional transit authority, for its so well uh okay I mean MAX Orange Line light rail passenger trains, as well as um you know like I mean so the Portland Streetcar, buses, bicycles, pedestrians, and emergency vehicles.
1567.txt: He went on to play 66 games and kick 80 well I mean like uh so goals for the Bulldogs before he played his last uh you know you know uh so game in 1946, then making his move back to cricket with the Lancashire League in England.
3060.txt: Perumapalayam is a small village located in kanjikoil panchayat town um uh okay so um in Erode district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu uh okay well like you know. 18 km from Erode and 8 km from Perundurai.
1199.txt: George Pușcaș renews with Inter until 2020 and joins like like uh I mean like Bari on loan for the season, with Bari having okay so so you know so the option to make the deal permanent while Inter holds a counter-option.
1087.txt: Following the Hampshires were the Commandos of the 4th so like like like like Special Service Brigade, who also suffered badly during the run - um I mean uh okay so in and only one of their allotted landing craft actually reached the shore.
4747.txt: Train services were operated by Comboios de Portugal (CP); the three Série I mean well so so I mean 9100 diesel railcars were built for the line in 1949 well uh uh well so and continued in service until 2002 (when replaced by Série 9500 units, purchased secondhand from Yugoslavia).
1589.txt: Her captaincy was only a part of her responsibilities; okay uh uh um you know she was also the sixth grade class treasurer and a hall monitor that year.
4762.txt: Two flag theorists point to another similar, seemingly unresolvable so okay like well well controversy over the colour of the Australian flags used so okay okay um like at the 1927 opening of provisional parliament I mean so well okay you know house in Canberra, where a lithograph by an unknown like so well you know okay artist showing the blue version being flown has now emerged.
2865.txt: Old Frank B. Cooper Elementary School (now Youngstown Cultural Arts Center).
1421.txt: He joined the Conservative party very young; and well so um okay you know on October 10, 1889, Errázuriz married Elvira Valdés Ortúzar, and together they had 6 children.
1201.txt: German, English, French, Portuguese, Latin and Japanese, and often works for Greenpeace and 'Menschen gegen Minen'.
4852.txt: Walker will star in a new pilot for Lifetime titled Exit okay um like so okay 19, revolving around a single mother who struggles to balance her family and professional life as a New York City homicide detective.
1835.txt: In 1973, Porter wrote a letter to Pope Paul VI okay uh uh like uh requesting to be released from the priesthood, in which he admitted uh well uh well I mean molesting children across five states; the Pope granted so you know you know so um his request and, in 1974, Porter gave up his collar.
1992.txt: In addition, the distance between two points uh you know so uh you know via Transit is not equivalent to the distance in normal I mean so like I mean so space; two star systems which are relatively close might be many Transit Minutes apart.
2460.txt: Kinney has been in a relationship with pop superstar um I mean like well you know Lady Gaga since summer 2011, they met during filming of the 'You and I' music video in July 2011.
1737.txt: Hunter published translations of Rainer Maria Rilke's 'Duino Elegies' well like well I mean so and 'Sonnets to Orpheus' and has published several volumes of his own poetry.
526.txt: Bartlett was born in Savannah, Georgia in 1824 and died in 1887 in Oakland, California.
169.txt: Accordingly, for 1913, the Great Spring Show was moved there, while the Summer Show reverted to Holland House.
2983.txt: Originally, the Palais Cardinal was the residence of Cardinal Richelieu, I mean uh well like um who had hired the architect Jacques Lemercier to design it.
3287.txt: Sellers was born in Santa Monica, California, grew up in New York City before moving to Rome.
421.txt: As a compromise, the 'ayuntamiento' of San Antonio de Béxar you know okay well okay um drafted a petition containing similar language to the you know okay uh I mean I mean convention resolutions, which Músquiz forwarded to the Mexican Congress in early 1833.
257.txt: After the game, they are seen walking in the car like so I mean I mean uh park, and as one of them attempts to unlock the door okay uh like I mean um with his key, they hear a strange noise, which so okay okay you know you know is actually a cartoon tiger on the car's bumper sticker roaring.
1384.txt: He initially had no musical background, he taught uh you know um you know you know himself by watching tutorials on my tube him some techniques and offered help.
3000.txt: Out of the 26 office holders, two have been I mean uh uh um well related by birth: the 11th officeholder Sir Alick Downer and his son, the 26th officeholder Alexander Downer.
3894.txt: The advertisement campaign, specially made for the 2014 FIFA I mean you know so so so World Cup and starring well - known football players from national okay okay so okay you know teams and clubs, emphasizes the mantra of 'risk everything' so um uh you know well - taking every dangerous life - or - death chance to succeed and outshine your rivals.
4790.txt: United Nations station is well - served by buses okay like um uh you know and jeepneys that serve the Taft Avenue and nearby okay so okay like um routes, taxis and cycle rickshaws that stop at and around the station.
3261.txt: Satsangi's latest album 'LICK MY LUNGS' is released in 2016, it includes 14 tracks and guest artist remixes.
4026.txt: The expedition's facility, High Lab, is gradually compromised by so like so okay okay a dormant super-intelligent entity, the 'Blight', that learns um um okay uh so to rapidly infiltrate and control computer systems and biological beings.
4015.txt: The ending was spoofed in a promotional video well uh you know like like produced by the Hillary Clinton 2008 presidential campaign like so okay uh you know as well as on an episode of 'The Celebrity Apprentice' that featured former 'The Sopranos' actor Vincent Pastore.
1698.txt: However, according to Gary Oldman, Hurt was undergoing well you know uh I mean I mean treatment for pancreatic cancer, and was unable to attend the I mean you know like like so read - throughs; actor Ronald Pickup assumed the role of Chamberlain instead.
1922.txt: In 2015 Mauriki were champions of the TVL First Division I mean so so uh like and they promoted to compete at the2015 -- 16 Port Vila Premier League.
3547.txt: Sámi soga lávlla ( 'Song of the Sami People', so I mean okay so well lit. 'Song of the Sámi Family' ) was originally a poem well I mean I mean well like written by Isak Saba that was published in the newspaper Sagai Muittalægje for the first time on April 1, 1906.
1266.txt: Hallahan was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and graduated from Rutgers um like so okay uh University, then going on to Temple University to earn a Masters degree in fine arts.
3125.txt: Pu borrows from a folk tradition of oral storytelling to uh uh uh like well put to paper a series of captivating, colorful stories where I mean uh uh well you know the boundary between reality and the odd or fantastic is blurred.
788.txt: Considered the eldest son of Mohammed bin Laden, the founder you know okay you know I mean um of Saudi Binladin Group and a half - brother and okay you know um so so cousin of infamous terrorist (Osama bin Laden), he acted as uh like well um I mean the patriarch of the bin Laden family after the 1967 death of his father.
1209.txt: Gilligan presented a fortnightly programme for Press TV, uh I mean I mean I mean you know the Iranian government's English - language TV channel until December like um okay uh uh 2009, though he appeared twice more on the network just before the May 2010 general election.
4547.txt: These dominance behaviors are shown significantly more often by the well well um so um breeding pair of the pack, indicating they do not serve well like okay well you know as a behavioral correction or punishment, nor as a reinforcement of the dominance of the breeding pair.
2443.txt: Kevin Woodford (born in Douglas, Isle of Man) is I mean okay like uh okay an British TV chef and actor he originally trained like um you know like well as a chef in some of Europe's finest restaurants, then well well okay like well moved into education as a lecturer in professional cookery.
3753.txt: The Kanakachalapathi temple, an example of 'Dravidian' of the well um I mean so um Vijayanagara era is a protected monument under the Karnataka state division of the Archaeological Survey of India.
1795.txt: In 1902, Chanler purchased an iron mine in Pinar del okay so so uh like Río Province and profits were initially robust enough that Chanler you know uh well like I mean was able to loan $ 35 million to the Cuban government and purchase a house in Sands Point, New York.
2672.txt: Meanwhile, Hershel (Scott Wilson) is telling Rick about planting more like I mean like I mean so crops when Michonne (Danai Gurira) returns having been away uh you know so well I mean hunting for The Governor, and having been unsuccessful uh you know uh so so declares her intent to travel to Macon to continue her search.
2090.txt: In the fall of 1995, another segment called 'Klutter' was added, rotating with the Thunderlizards.
3717.txt: The Gatty Marine Laboratory is located in the coastal um you know like well okay town of St Andrews in Scotland, and is a part of the University of St Andrews.
1689.txt: However, Atul can not bring himself to kill his friend I mean like okay um um and instead joins forces with Yash to execute a plan well uh um uh uh against Vishnu and savVishnu has been keeping Maya and Swati hostage and find, in horror, that Swati has been murdered.
4365.txt: The show's name during development was 'Whiskey Tango'; well okay um so um however, because there was already a band using the name, it was changed to 'Whiskey Tango Six'.
2914.txt: On July 3, 2013, Morrison pleaded guilty to threatening and breach um so okay you know uh of peace charges and the strangulation charge was dropped in April 2014.
569.txt: Bessel proved that parallax of a star was greater than you know you know okay uh like zero by measuring the parallax of 0. 314 arcseconds of a star named 61 Cygni.
719.txt: Celera Genomics and the Human Genome Project create a draft like uh I mean like like of the human genome sequence and have it published by 'Science and Nature' Magazine.
4571.txt: They are thought to be abundant in cold, deep I mean so like so uh waters of the Atlantic, Pacific and Indian Ocean However the species is known to originate from the pits of hell.
4218.txt: The new truck has a fully boxed ladder uh so okay I mean um frame, the wheelbase is 125. 9 in (3. 20 m) with a 205. 5 in (5. 22 m) overall length.
414.txt: As Canadian cavalry fought through the wood, they were channel uh you know like like so eastwards by German machine gun fire, simultaneously, units of the you know you know okay like um Canadian Dragoons were forced to wheel into the woods at the north due to German attack.
1738.txt: Huntington's disease is a neurodegenerative disorder that progressively deteriorates an individual's ability to move, speak, and think properly.
1336.txt: He earned a Licentiate in Canon Law at the um you know you know well you know Pontifical Gregorian University, the 'Greg', in Rome, Italy, and um you know uh you know like was ordained to the Catholic priesthood on March 5, 1981, for okay like I mean well well the clergy of the Archdiocese of San José de Costa Rica.
1600.txt: Her real name was Anita Raj Khurana as her Father Jagdish Raj was a permanent policeman in Bollywood movie industry.
1358.txt: He had the best season of his career in you know um like uh uh Montreal, compiling a 23 -- 9 record with a 3. 17 ERA.
2878.txt: On 18 December 1910, Sopwith won a £ 4000 prize for uh like okay so okay the longest flight from England to the Continent in um like so so okay a British - built aeroplane, flying 169 miles (272 km) in 3 hours 40 minutes.
3421.txt: Since Lake Lanier's construction, metro Atlanta has been taking well well you know like so water from the reservoir to use for m mayor William okay I mean like like like Hartsfield traveled to Washington numerous times pressing Senators Richard Russell, okay um well uh um Jr. And Walter F. George to restore funding to ensure Atlanta's water supply during droughts.
4121.txt: The image evolved into a classier, more sophisticated portrayal of Heavy Metal, drawing inspiration from high - end fashion labels.
4523.txt: There is also a new wave of RnB in Serbia such uh I mean so so I mean as Elitni Odredi, Cvija or Rasta arrived to the scene as soon as the Bassivity era was over.
3697.txt: The E- 170 and E- 175 directly compete with the um well well okay well Bombardier CRJ - 700 and Bombardier CRJ - 900, respectively, and loosely compete with the turboprop Bombardier Q400.
2555.txt: Limited government is a government outline where any more you know uh you know you know so than minimal governmental intervention in personal liberties and um you know uh well um the economy is not allowed by law, usualCivilization, the Magna Carta okay like um you know um and the United States Constitution are examples of the limiting of government.
49.txt: A 16 - year - old male charged in like I mean I mean um um Belton's death was arrested and booked on charges of first - degree murder and first - degree robbery.
2457.txt: Kim will be Lindsey Butterfield's (Sophie Austin) younger sister so you know okay like uh and kelly Butterfield older sister she has been you know I mean I mean well so billed as volatile and will cause trouble for the Roscoe family.
3750.txt: The John Rylands Library and Manchester University Library, now the like you know so uh like John Rylands University Library, merged in 1972 and the special collections built well um you know I mean I mean up by both libraries were concentrated in the Deansgate building.
3825.txt: The SFD runs at Basic Life Support emergency medical you know you know so okay okay services level with about half the firefighters being Certified First Responders like okay well you know okay and the others are basic Emergency Medical Technicians, and one firefighter is a Paramedic.
1660.txt: His seat was within Lanna's capital Chiang Mai, but he never held any true administrative power.
195.txt: After Stalin's death he returned to Ukraine, and on 9 July 1958 the Cherkassy Regional Trial rehabilitated him.
1319.txt: He contends in multiple lawsuits that Nygard harming the environment well well um so so around Clifton Bay, Bahamas, where both have compounds, and has engaged in a smear campaign against him.
4612.txt: This article details the Bradford Bulls rugby league football well um I mean like I mean club's 2006 season, the 11th season of the Super League era.
2287.txt: It was filmed in Carriacou in the Grenadines, where a complete town market was built and destroyed.
4040.txt: The film, released on 27 September 2013, faced problems with piracy as um okay I mean um okay half of the movie got leaked to the internet prior to its release.
460.txt: As the value of the cowry was very okay well well okay well much greater in West Africa than in the um um I mean um like regions from which the supply was obtained, the trade was uh you know like you know okay extremely lucrative, and in some cases the gains are said to have been 500 %.
2434.txt: Keith Bell is credited with changing the atmosphere of South well okay okay um uh and has helped the school reach academic excellence over so well uh like so the other two high schools in the district as seen in the scores of the state standardized testing (OGT).
4926.txt: Wild Horse is a hamlet in southern Alberta in Cypress County, located on Highway 41, southwest of Medicine Hat.
865.txt: Despite this, Buffy still doesn't believe that Warren deserved um uh so you know like to die for killing Tara or Katrina, but she okay well I mean so okay and Xander agree that Jonathan and Andrew don't deserve to die since they never killed anybody.
555.txt: Bell attended the Volksschule in Cologne, followed by the Realprogymnasium in Cologne - Nippes and the Realgymnasien in Düsseldorf and Munich.
1921.txt: In 2015, he ran for the open mayor's seat when the I mean you know um uh so interim mayor, Bill Sutton, did not seek re-election and uh like um I mean um won by a 16 % margin of victory in a race mostly characterized by the pace of residential growth.
3349.txt: She has worked with popular hip - hop artists such so like um I mean um as Nicki Minaj and Lil' Mama and is I mean um um um you know the daughter of Grand Tone of the Grand Masters of Funk.
2026.txt: In her ninth or tenth year she was sent with um okay um so uh her siblings to complete her education in Leiden, The you know I mean I mean okay uh Netherlands, where was taught classic and modern languages, art and literature, and showed especial inclinations toward philosophical studies.
3272.txt: Screenwriter of the original 'Hitman' film, Skip Woods wrote okay well uh um okay the screenplay with Mike Finch and filming is said to take place in Berlin and Singapore this summer.
2392.txt: Jonathan Thirkield is an American poet, currently living in New York City.
1069.txt: Filip Višnjić (Serbian Cyrillic: Филип Вишњић) (1767 -- 1834) you know uh uh okay I mean was a popular Bosnian Serb poet and guslar (gusle you know so well you know um player), known by some as the 'Serbian Homer' both because he was blind and for his poetic gift.
1928.txt: In August 2012, Beasley was shot 3 times and um like okay so well drove himself to a hospital where he was released the following day.
1442.txt: He married actress Nicole Taylor Hart in 2000; their wedding well um like okay you know was featured in the 2001 February issue of 'In Style' magazine.
4725.txt: Today, the station has only significance for the regional like okay so so I mean traffic, it is the terminus of the Dresden S - Bahn.
4395.txt: The species has also been observed in Kashmir, well you know you know so you know though this is rare. Birds frequently establish themselves um I mean I mean like like in areas with a suitable climate and can then colonize new areas nearby.
1108.txt: For the 2012 elections, the Iowa Legislature passed a I mean so uh so um plan that went into effect in 2013 for the 113th U. S. Congress.
3473.txt: Sometimes 'Daphnia' may be used in certain environments to uh you know okay you know like test the effects of toxins on an ecosystem, which well okay uh you know okay makes them' an indicator genus, particularly useful because of its short lifespan and reproductive capabilities.
129.txt: A video for 'Breakfast in NYC', directed uh you know so so so by Brian Philip Davis was also produced to okay uh you know so um coincide with the single release, and was made available on the Oppenheimer MySpace page.
1649.txt: His men and commanders were more experienced, and his tactics uh you know okay um I mean simpler and easier for them to follow, and well I mean um I mean well intelligence on enemy dispositions considerably better thanks to the um so um like you know work of the aviators of No. 1 Squadron, Australian Flying Corps.
3246.txt: Salt Lake City lies between the Wasatch Range and uh you know okay like I mean the Mount Nebo, a triple peak rising above Nephi, like like well uh uh Utah at the southern end of the range, is the highest peak of the Wasatch.
2909.txt: On December 3, 2009 he was waived and claimed by the Panthers on December 4, 2009.
1376.txt: He has taught at Harvard and Columbia University, and is now a professor emeritus at New York University.
4423.txt: The templar caste constitutes the military, and the khalai caste includes all other Protoss.
2200.txt: It is a member of various academic partnerships and alliances, like so you know I mean I mean such as the G20 Schools and the Global Alliance of Leading - Edge Schools.
2097.txt: In the meantime, and together sink a straggler from like you know I mean I mean okay the convoy, and the escort is reinforced by the 2 additional Canadian corvettes HMCS 'Chambly' and HMCS 'Orillia'.
3299.txt: Seven times married, all of which ended in divorce um you know um I mean you know and none of which lasted more than three years, I mean um okay so uh she acquired grand foreign titles but was maliciously treated and often exploited by several of her husbands.
296.txt: All songs recorded by the Paradimes have been written like okay you know like okay by Mark 'Guxy' Guy, and in spring 2012, the group well so okay so um released their debut album, 'Genius by the Mile' and is currently playing live shows.
3606.txt: The 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami caused serious damage um I mean like um um to various areas of the Pacific coast in northeast uh well um like uh Japan, and Fukushima faced fears of meltdown of the reactors at the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant.
4144.txt: The king Savant Singh was a poet also and I mean I mean I mean you know you know he wrote under the name of Nagari Dās, as well I mean I mean you know so you know as a devout member of the Vallabhācārya sect, which um well uh you know um worships the lord in his appearance on Earth as Krishna, the divine lover.
4974.txt: Yangyang was instrumental in introducing Western culture and the uh um uh uh I mean American lifestyle to millions of Chinese viewers and like you know so um you know her role on 'Hello Hollywood' from 2009 - 2012 included like you know well okay well live reporting for red carpets, movie premieres, award shows and other major Hollywood events.
2570.txt: Lola Glaudini, born November 24, 1972 is an American actress born in New York City.
4805.txt: Upon discovering that the mentioned site was no longer accepting like like like I mean okay GIFs, Gould began watching flash animby the flashflashflahs jjjjjjjimprovement, well well um I mean um he abandoned the program and moved to Macromedia Flash in November 2002.
2858.txt: Of the 259 Hall Class locomotives built, 11 have okay okay um like I mean been preserved with no. 4979 being one of several Halls salvaged from Woodhams' Scrapyard.
217.txt: After graduating, he opened his gallery at 44a Charlotte Road you know like okay so uh in Shoreditch, and worked with many of the artists of the okay uh uh I mean um YBA movement including Tracey Emin, Sarah Lucas and Gavin Turk.
343.txt: Amon Sûl is the elvish (Sindarin) name for Weathertop, uh uh you know so you know the hill on the East - West road in Eriador, about midway between the Shire and Rivendell.
1283.txt: Having left school at 16 and drifted through you know okay okay um I mean various jobs including a labourer, mortuary technician, artist's okay um like okay like model and theatrical agency assistant, Arnott became an actor with uh uh you know well uh the Red Ladder Company in Leeds and appeared as a mummy in the film 'The Mummy'.
3306.txt: Several verbs can use classifiers or not, with no change in meaning: 'ne' eat', 'pada' hold', and 'li' lie'.
3093.txt: Power MOSFETs have a different structure than the lateral like okay uh okay okay MOSFET: as with all power devices, their structure is vertical and not planar.
4189.txt: The members of White Zombie claimed to have been well like like well um more pleased with the production of 'Soul - I mean you know like um I mean Crusher' than any other previous recording and praised Wharton Tiers for giving them creative freedom during the recording process.
394.txt: Aquaculture started in New Zealand in the late 1960s, you know uh you know well well growing, on average, 13 percent per year between 1985 and 2005.
3309.txt: Severe flooding of the Saguenay's tributary rivers from July 18 I mean so uh so you know to 21, 1996, devastated the region in one of Canada's costliest natural disasters, the Saguenay Flood.
118.txt: A student in the theatrical arts at the University you know so you know okay you know of Abuja, and a master's degree graduate in Directing at the um so like I mean you know New York Film Academy (NYFA), she made her so so um um well first film, ', starring Omotola Jalade - Ekeinde and Genevieve Nnaji in 2010.
1456.txt: He played SEC Prosecutor Jeff Malone in the fourth like so um like so season of 'Suits', and he was cast as the angel Amenadiel in the Fox series 'Lucifer'.
63.txt: A comprehensive study on the contemporary industrial environment in so well you know so um Indian economy in the globalisaton context was first of so you know I mean um so kind in the country. The book in this you know so uh you know um area is two volumes published with the co um uh okay like um operation of 25 scholars from the academic world of the country is a globally accepted work.
3344.txt: She has a 'sturdy' build as said by um um like okay I mean her grandfather who she was close with before you know like um um um his passing and she is also a talented bass player.
4493.txt: Then, Byron went into his boxing stance again and as the okay um I mean so like Ambassador was about to do the same, Byron punches it again and it let go of its defence.
321.txt: Although a number of earlier scholars have argued for like so um like well a borrowing from Latin 'symbola', the prevalent view today is okay you know uh well well that Old English 'symbel', Old Saxon 'symbal' Heliand', line 3340: 'sittan at sumble'.
1047.txt: Facing this threat, Queen Min secretly requested military intervention you know well so you know uh from China's Qing dynasty, and after three days the so like um I mean well revolt was suppressed by 1500 troops of the Chinese like um okay you know uh garrison based in Seoul led by General Yuan Shikai.
3895.txt: The airfield at Duxford is now home to a large well like um I mean you know number of remarkable and unique aircraft, possibly one of the most significant collections in the UK.
1271.txt: Hampton Normal and Agricultural Institute in Virginia was uh you know um like you know of national importance, as was Tuskegee Normal School so um I mean you know I mean for Colored Teachers, founded in 1881 by Hampton alumnus Booker T. Washington (1856 -- 1915).
3127.txt: Public school students in Kindergarten through twelfth grade um well uh like uh attend the Toms River Regional Schools, a regional public school okay so uh like I mean system primarily in Toms River Township that also serves students from Beachwood, Pine Beach and South Toms River.
2160.txt: It achieved 39, 000 PPV buys, the lowest okay well uh like like since the introduction of the WWE Network earlier in the year, down from the previous year's 181, 000 buys.
1061.txt: Fear of contracting the disease caused thousands to flee the uh uh like um um city and trade virtually stopped as people were fearful of coming to the city or interacting with its inhabitants.
524.txt: Barber became the manager in 1861 and took over operation of the mills in 1880.
798.txt: Coritiba is the first club from the south of so uh uh so um Brazil to have won a national title - the 1973 Torneio okay uh uh like like do Povo and to have competed in the so so I mean I mean okay two main continental competitions; the Copa Libertadores and the Copa Sudamericana.
2122.txt: In vertebrate nervous systems very few neurons are 'identified' so uh I mean okay okay in this sense -- in humans, there are believed to well okay uh um okay be none -- but in simpler nervous systems, some or all neurons may be thus unique.
4642.txt: This portion of Depeche Mode history is particularly okay okay well well so memorable to fans, due to the fact that Andrew I mean like okay okay okay Fletcher was unable to continue with the increasingly grueling travel um okay I mean well well and tour schedule, and, citing 'mental instability' left the before the third leg was to start.
503.txt: At this point, she starts to become seriously disturbed believing Warhol, and Girodias are controlling her.
1831.txt: In 1967, the Ngondoma Dam was constructed on the uh you know like okay you know river 67km northwest of the Kwekwe by air, and 54km southwest you know I mean I mean um you know of Kadoma by air, to supply water to Empress Nickel Mine and Ngondoma Irrigation Scheme.
4414.txt: The sutra promotes the Bodhisattva ideal as a difficult, strictly monastic um well like well you know path suited only for the few and does not mention any other central Mahayana doctrines.
2157.txt: Israel Gregg (February 20, 1775 - June 20, 1847) um well so uh well was captain of the Enterprise in 1814 during two voyages from like I mean okay you know okay Louisville to Pittsburgh, demonstrating for the first time that steamboat commerce was practical on the Ohio River.
2446.txt: Khalifa has a tattoo of the opening line of the Lebanese uh um um you know well National Anthem and another of the Lebanese Forces Cross; the okay you know I mean um like latter she got in 2012 after a bombing in Lebanon, claiming it was to 'show solidarity with my father's political views'.
955.txt: During the last five years of his career, Davidson took so okay uh you know um 170 Test wickets at 19. 25 in 32 Tests, like well I mean uh um and after his departure, Australia struggled to bowl out like well uh well I mean their opposition, winning only one Test series in the next four years.
1244.txt: Greenway married in July 2006 to Jennifer Capista, a I mean you know I mean so so former track and field athlete at Iowa, the couple had a daughter, Maddyn, in summer 2007.
523.txt: Baramati is considered to be one of the future well well you know you know like domestic airports in the region, with the runway being extended in length to accommodate larger aircraft.
2676.txt: Meanwhile Whatzat and Garcia die during an escape attempt and uh like you know I mean like also learn from Mrs. Glass that Whatzat name was Charlie Moore.
165.txt: According to the U. S. Census Bureau, the county you know so um I mean like has a total area of, of which is land okay uh you know you know well and (1. 05 %) is water. T he county is located some sixty miles north of the geographic center of Texas.
1911.txt: In 2011 Gluck wrote and directed a short, like uh so like uh 'A Lesson in Love', which follows a young Hasidic couple so so I mean um well who venture out of their segregated community to escape its laws of modesty in order to battle their infidelity.
3467.txt: Some of notable Ministers serving within this region are Rev. Mwamba, Rev. Karanja, Rev. Nduwamungu and Rev. Zachary Gioko.
1434.txt: He made an independent Western, 'The Sundowners' (1950) and did 'Bunco Squad' (1951) at RKO.
3030.txt: Park usually plays in a penalty killing role so okay uh I mean like and is considered an above - average skater he also I mean I mean okay uh well served as the Islanders alternate captain in the 2008 -- 09 season.
3922.txt: The best strategy is also to keep a four uh like well I mean uh - of - a - kind and try to throw a well you know um okay you know Yahtzee, even after the first throw. The player should like well okay okay so not keep a three - of - a - kind.
547.txt: Before leaving, John told Winston to warn everyone that he will well uh well well well kill anyone who comes to find him before like so okay okay like he flee past the watchful eyes of assassins in New York City.
1206.txt: Ghostie was among the rapists mentioned above in 'Marabou Stork Nightmares'.
2017.txt: In early January of 2011, Flipsyde announced that they were regrouping I mean you know you know I mean like but this time with only three members, Paige having chosen well like I mean like well to continue pursuing her solo career and no longer tour with the band.
2321.txt: Its present form, in the style of a French I mean well uh like you know Renaissance château, dates from the 19th century, although at its core is a 14th - century tower house.
907.txt: Dr. Murali Sivaramakrishnan is a poet, writer, painter I mean so you know okay like and critic -- a specialist in Indian aesthetics and literary theory.
4264.txt: The paramedic training consist of two major parts: schooling and internship, almost evenly divided into two one - year terms.
696.txt: Capones Island Lighthouse is a historic lighthouse located in Capones like like okay uh okay Grande Island off the coast of San Antonio, Pundaquit in the province of Zambales, in the Philippines.
2231.txt: It is rare for a revolution to involve like like so well I mean as much as 1 percent of a country's population; the French, uh like like uh you know Russian, and Romanian revolutions may have passed the 1 percent mark.
92.txt: A mayor and council were selected by the richer um you know uh uh so merchants and landowners; the mayor was titled the 'Sovereign um so um um like of Naas' and carried a ceremonial mace until the post was abolished in 1840.
2482.txt: Kuchar is Slavic surname meaning 'Cook' and is pronounced 'koo - khar'.
763.txt: Clareification evolved gradually in the mid-late 1990s as a newsletter um um so I mean so of the Union of Clare Students which was padded uh uh um uh so out with comedy articles, and gradually turned into a I mean I mean so so okay weekly 8 page comedy paper with only the occasional piece of real news.
684.txt: Calcium - binding proteins are proteins that participate in uh um um you know well calcium cell signalling pathways by binding to Ca 2 like you know you know okay okay +, the calcium ion that plays an important role in many cellular processes.
4514.txt: There are two tones, High (H) and well you know okay um you know Low (L), and automatic downstep, where a H okay well so so well following a L is always pronounced on a so I mean like uh you know lower pitch than the preceding H, within the same phonological phrase.
3050.txt: Pawnship was a common form of collateral in well okay well okay uh West Africa, which involved the pledge of a person I mean so like I mean you know ( or a member of the person's family ) to service to a person providing credit.
3471.txt: Some time later he began to occasionally present a different okay I mean well like you know style show than what he'd become known for, a séance based performance entitled 'Epitaph'.
135.txt: A young girl, Rydia, is the only survivor and summons an earthquake in anger, separating Cecil and Kain.
3989.txt: The coyotes had been mutated by the FAYZ so that they are okay um uh um uh now more intelligent and can speak. They take lana to the darkness who orders her to teach the coyotes human ways.
3907.txt: The arena was built as a new home for the okay uh well so you know Lightning to replace the Thunderdome in St. Petersburg, Florida, which you know you know so well so has since changed its name to Tropicana Field and is currently home to Major League Baseball's Tampa Bay Rays.
4772.txt: US official historian Samuel Morison wrote in his 1949 account okay well well well I mean that the RAAF Hudson's crew failed to report the you know so um you know um sighting until after they had landed and even had tea; okay like so you know like this claim made international headlines and was repeated by many subsequent historians.
2249.txt: It is who originally created the edits that Devanampriya insinuated were like I mean like like well created by JJ in his numbers 1, 2 and 4 at the top of this page.
1331.txt: He did his schooling at Sherwood College, Nainital, you know um like I mean well before enrolling at the Prince of Wales Royal Military uh like you know you know okay College in Dehradun and later joined the Royal Military College, Sandhurst.
3582.txt: The 'Dalpat Vilas' is the surviving fragment of a historical uh so okay so well manuscript and is the earliest known Rajput source of Mughal - Rajput relations.
3864.txt: The Union Rescue Mission in Los Angeles served 2, so you know I mean you know okay 500 meals in Brenden's name, and his neighbors made 200 sandwiches in his honor.
4663.txt: This victory put an end to the war of succession okay okay I mean you know um and by the Treaty of Guérande, in 1365, the king of France recognized John of Montfort as duke of Brittany.
1318.txt: He composed the chorale cantata in Leipzig for the Sunday, you know like so uh uh the Sunday before Lent, and first performed it on 11 February 1725.
1041.txt: Extra unused cards in your hand are well well I mean so uh points, and you can knock when it's your turn with well so um um um 7 or less points, in lieu of drawing, and so um okay um well stop the current hand, every one shows their hand at the time and adds up their points.
403.txt: Arriva London has gained the contract for route 67 from 27 April 2013 and 230 from 22 June 2013.
3975.txt: The company was specialized in producing armored fighting vehicles. Vehicles so okay um I mean you know included EE - T1 Osório, EE - 9 Cascavel, EE - 11 Urutu.
1773.txt: In 1750 Tobias was appointed bishop of Tyre you know uh I mean you know uh and Vice-Patriarch and at the death of Simon you know okay okay okay well Awad, Tobias succeeded at being elected patriarch on February 28, 1756.
1068.txt: Fidgeon's wife, Patrice, is associate editor of 'New Idea' magazine; he had well I mean uh okay you know a step - daughter, Kate, two children Adam and Jodie and four grandchildren Chelsea, Georgia, Ella and Emily.
1617.txt: Hindu King in Islamic India' (OUP, 2003); scholars like you know uh you know I mean from the institute had collaborated with Laine on I mean okay okay I mean you know information by for his the book about the founder of like I mean so like like the Maratha Empire, Shivaji, which the group had viewed as being insulting to Shivaji.
1066.txt: Few WikiKnights are ready on day one, ancient scripts tell you know you know okay um so of apprentices who foolishly challenged a WikiDragon and barely escaped to tell about their misadventure.
3255.txt: Samuel Pearson 'Terry' Goddard III (born January 29, 1947) was okay um you know you know okay the Attorney General of Arizona, from 2003 to 2011, I mean I mean I mean okay so who also served as Mayor of Phoenix, Arizona, from 1984 to 1990.
2113.txt: In the summer of 1969 riots again erupted after uh I mean um you know uh an Omaha police officer fatally shot a teenager named Vivian so so well uh you know Strong in the Logan Fontenelle Projects leading to three like so uh um you know days of rioting that effectively destroyed the Near North Omaha business area.
247.txt: After studies at Hofstra University, he worked for New well you know like um you know York Telephone before he was elected to the New York okay uh uh um you know State Assembly to represent the 16th District in Northwest Nassau County in 1986.
560.txt: Benford began Executive producing Independent films in 2007 then okay uh okay so you know in 2009 Vassal Benford expanded his companies and began producing, scoring, and distributing feature films.
691.txt: Camp Stanley is slated to close by 2016 in line so like so like like with the ongoing draw - down and realignment of American forces in South Korea.
565.txt: Bernard Hunt and Bobby Locke led the qualifiers at 137; the so well I mean I mean like qualifying score was 149 and 96 players advanced to the opening round on Wednesday.
1165.txt: Furthermore, the existence of immune complexes provides another explanation well okay well you know uh for seronegative disease (i. E. False - negative antibody okay so so well so tests of blood and cerebrospinal fluid), as studies have shown I mean so um like you know that substantial numbers of seronegative Lyme patients have antibodies bound up in these complexes.
3491.txt: St Enoch became the passenger terminus for the Glasgow and um like uh you know well South Western Railway, but other companies made little use of I mean you know I mean so well it; however the general goods terminal at College became um so um okay I mean important, and goods and mineral traffic were the dominant traffic of the through route.
4203.txt: The mute throws down a rope to allow him to I mean so well I mean I mean escape and as his memory recovers he and the mute start a journey to an unknown location.
2159.txt: It's going to be a big favourite in the um like uh you know okay live set - we shot the video last week and so you know um like so invited a bunch of our friends and fans down um well like okay well to be in it and they were all singing along after the first listen.
3734.txt: The ICW - ATC became the 'India uh I mean uh you know so China Division ATC' (ICD - ATC), while the Eastern Sector, carrying well okay like I mean well out the Hump operation, was redesignated the 'Assam Wing', um uh I mean you know you know and the Western Sector support organization became the 'India Wing'.
4764.txt: Two of the boatmen are hanged but Morse does not believe that they were the perpetrators.
1545.txt: He was known for his concern for international relations and you know okay um like well is attributed for introducing coffee production as the basis of El Salvador's economy.
1611.txt: Hewish was awarded the Nobel Prize, along with Martin Ryle, so like so um well without the inclusion of Bell as a co-recipient, which okay um uh you know I mean stoked controversy and was roundly condemned by Hewish's fellow astronomer Sir Fred Hoyle.
1124.txt: Founded in 1928, it plays in the 3ª - Group uh so you know I mean I mean 18, holding home games at 'Estadio Salto del Caballo', with a seating capacity of 5, 300.
2981.txt: Ordained in 1873, he emigrated to Kobe three years later After um you know you know I mean you know a three year curacy in Liverpool Who's Who (Ibid) and I mean well like so well spent the rest of his ministry there, amongst other okay you know like I mean okay achievements translating The Imitation of Christ by Thomas à Kempis into the vernacular.
4413.txt: The suit was abandoned by Caldwell and according to Scott, she was never served with papers for the suit.
1948.txt: In Game Four, Vásquez substituted for starting point I mean uh uh like you know guard Mike Conley, who had gotten into foul trouble, um um I mean well I mean during his 13 minutes of playing time, he had nine points and two assists as Memphis won, 104 -- 86.
3144.txt: Ralph Greenleaf (born 3 November 1899 in Monmouth, Illinois, died 15 you know okay uh so you know March 1950) was an American professional pool player, a twenty so like well you know well - time World Pocket Billiards Champion, whose ability and charisma dominated the sport during his heyday.
3463.txt: Some film sources have said that the film was co-directed well like um okay um by Lou Place and co-produced by Roger Corman and Samuel Z. Arkoff.
535.txt: Bayport was a station stop along the Montauk Branch I mean okay I mean um you know and the first depot opened around March 1869 and razed around 1903.
3014.txt: PERMIS is a policy based authorisation system that implements the uh okay so I mean you know NIST standard RBAC and provides a privilege management like I mean you know you know um infrastructure using encryption technologies (X. 509 attribute certificates) to maintain users' attributes.
2010.txt: In chemistry, esters are chemical compounds that are derived from an so well so uh like inorganic acid or organic acid in which at least so so well okay you know one - OH (hydroxyl) group is replaced by an - O - alkyl (alkoxy) group.
38.txt: 'Tino' founded the 'Rächer Basel', a Halbstarken group which didn't persist for a long time.
2189.txt: It has been designated as a Site of Special Scientific uh well you know uh you know Interest (SSSI) and is stewarded by the Coventry and District Natural History and Scientific Society.
2740.txt: Morality ( from the Latin 'manner, character, proper behavior' ) like well well well like is the differentiation of intentions, decisions and actions between those that are distinguished as proper and those that are improper.
2928.txt: On October 17, 2008, Johnson joined ESPN / ABC as uh uh um so uh a studio analyst for two seasons, until he received you know uh okay well um an offer to become head coach of the New Jersey Nets.
4581.txt: They enjoy the company of Peter Pan but I mean uh well like like seem malevolent towards everybody else, including the fairies, and show a particular dislike of Wendy, who is Peter's 'special' female interest.
2554.txt: Lily Smith (neé Nash) made her first appearance on I mean I mean so uh okay 30 November 2001 following her birth, played by Harriet Tapley and Simone Medici.
4291.txt: The premises were rebuilt and integrated in 1910 - 20 like well so okay uh to a design by Sir Reginald Blomfield and became a popular place of assignation for Londoners for many generations.
4141.txt: The journal is now published by Sage Publications so you know okay so uh on behalf of the CILIP who assumed the ownership of you know okay so well you know the title in 2002 following the merger of IIS with the Library Association to form CILIP.
4650.txt: This season will mark the show's debut on the FX so I mean I mean uh um network as well as the debut of Jon Anik as the show's host.
1140.txt: Freitas competed for his native country and won a silver medal well like like okay you know at the Pan American Games in Mar del Plata, and I mean uh okay you know like afterwards turned into a professional boxer on July 14, 1995, against Adriano Jose Soares.
3970.txt: The company's largest shareholder is the world's third so well well so I mean largest company by revenue, ExxonMobil is also the second largest publicly traded company by market capitalization.
2158.txt: It's believed that Bangor Blues pre-date virtually every other product so um so okay like in the roofing market, so it is fitting that a local company should take proud ownership of this prestigious brand.
874.txt: Direct metal laser sintering (DMLS) is an additive metal fabrication like uh uh well well (sintering) technology developed by EOS of Munich, Germany, often well well well okay you know confused with the similar technical processes, selective laser sintering (SLS) or selective laser melting (SLM).
3169.txt: Research indicates that Palata is from a Slavic language, I mean well so uh well and refers to the spears (there is a so well well like okay better, liturgical word) that are crossed and planted in the ground, to indicate the presence of a church.
4753.txt: Trøgstad is a municipality in the county of Østfold, Norway and was established January 1, 1838 (see formannskapsdistrikt).
2535.txt: Lester had a half - sister and three half - so well I mean like uh brothers one who is Craig Patrick, noted assistant coach 1980 U so like okay um so. S Olympic Hockey team and former General Manager of the Pittsburgh Penguins.
300.txt: Allen was born in Lawton, Oklahoma, where he was heavily so you know uh like uh involved with Speech and Drama and directed the senior play as a sophomore.
252.txt: After the Partition of India, the family migrated to Ahmedabad, India where he joined the Post and Telegraph Department.
755.txt: Church government is presbyterial in nature; the Bible is the church's only rule of faith and practice.
2441.txt: Kevin Fitzgerald Corrigan (born March 27, 1969) is so you know like like um an American actor best known for his portrayal of 'Uncle Eddie' on the sitcom 'Grounded For Life'.
4997.txt: Zile Huma was born into a filmi and musical family in um uh um so I mean Pre-Partition India as the youngest of the three children I mean like uh uh I mean of famed singer / actress Madam Noor Jehan and filmmaker Syed Shaukat Hussain Rizvi.
2094.txt: In the fourth chapter, 'Origins', Socarides suggested that serial killer I mean like you know you know you know and cannibal Jeffrey Dahmer was an extreme example of a common homosexual type.
2537.txt: Levi was elected as a Fellow of the American Academy like you know well so um of Arts and Sciences in 2001 and was president okay you know okay I mean I mean of the American Political Science Association for 2004 - 05.
1269.txt: Hamilton had made callous remarks regarding Burr, believing his honor had been offended, Burr had challenged Hamilton to a duel.
470.txt: At 14 she joined the adult movie before that she work at the Salon of her young auntie.
4443.txt: The track will be teal with the I mean so so uh you know bottom being neon yellow; the supports will be white.
25.txt: 'My Sweet Lord' is a song by English musician uh um uh okay like and former Beatle George Harrison that was released in November 1970 on his triple album 'All Things Must Pass'.
1441.txt: He married Mary, the daughter of James Atkinson of I mean well well you know well Newcastle and his eldest son, James Henry Hollis Bradford, I mean uh I mean okay I mean later changed his surname to Atkinson in compliance with the will of one Ralph Atkinson.
906.txt: Dr. Wood's teaching and research focuses on how communication I mean I mean so well um is effected by gender, culture, personal relationships, and feminist theories.
109.txt: A reopening is scheduled for June 2018 featuring the premiere I mean well like um well of a new musical, 'Moulin Rouge!', based on the okay um okay so okay film by Baz Luhrmann, prior to a possible Broadway run.
4756.txt: Tunisia has a very diverse population of people coming well you know um well so from all around the world though the vast majority are uh I mean well I mean so Arab / Berber (98 %) followed by European (1 %) and Jewish (1 %).
3105.txt: Primary Education in Zambia is the foundation of every one um so well uh uh who gets into school, going from grade 1 - 7 so uh I mean I mean so with students then expected to pass the exams set by the Examination uh okay I mean uh I mean Council of Zambia at the end of the grade 7 school year.
610.txt: Born in Lyon, Ballanche was seventeen when his imagination like you know I mean uh well was marked for life by the horrors of the okay I mean you know you know uh Revolution when in 1793 the city's royalist revolt against the um like um okay well authority of the revolutionary Convention ended with guillotining or summary execution of about 700 people.
3088.txt: Portugal has qualified for thirteen individual quota places, six in so okay okay well you know men's events and seven in women's events, based on the results at the 2014 Canoe Sprint European Championships.
2352.txt: Jayah served 27 years as the principal of Zahira well okay you know uh um college, until his retirement in 1948, which is I mean like okay so you know generally considered as the golden age of the Zahira College.
1342.txt: He founded the Sanatan Dharma Maha Sabha in 1952, well so I mean I mean like which grew into the major Hindu organisation in Trinidad and Tobago.
29.txt: 'Queen of the Night' is a song by like so okay okay okay Whitney Houston, and was the fifth and final single released from the 'The Bodyguard' soundtrack album.
438.txt: As he is rebuked for his foiled plan, the so so I mean I mean I mean Frenchmen launch the rabbit out of the castle by means of a catapult.
4616.txt: This can be shown dramatically when a molecule is I mean so you know like like adsorbed on a surface - the STM image may appear like so you know well well to have either INCREASED or DECREASED height at okay okay I mean so like that feature, although the geometry alone is certainly an INCREASED height.
3190.txt: Roaring Lion achieved fame for his linguistic prowess, and I mean so like so you know many of his 'war calypsos' (essentially insult songs) presage the lyrics of similar hip hop songs by over 50 years.
3191.txt: Robert 'Bob' Hastie (27 July 1861 -- 9 April 1914) so well well I mean okay was an Australian politician who was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia from 1901 to 1905.
294.txt: All male bodybuilders work towards achieving a physique similar okay uh like so you know to that of Jan Be, who is also known for well I mean well um well his witty 'Janter', whereas female competitors attempt to become Jan's sister who is described as both 'lethal' and 'delicious'.
4226.txt: The nitride ion (N 3 −) is isoelectronic with I mean um like uh okay the oxide anion, O 2 −, and the fluoride anion, um so okay well like F − and has an ionic radius estimated to be 140 pm.
586.txt: Blanche of Lancaster (March 25, 1345 -- September 12, like okay um you know so 1369 Bolingbroke Castle) was an English noblewoman, daughter of well so like uh uh Henry of Grosmont, 1st Duke of Lancaster by his wife Isabel de Beaumont.
1852.txt: In 1990, John Cofran, using census records, said that she I mean I mean I mean I mean okay was born as Ada C. McCord, in Memphis, Tennessee in late 1830, I mean I mean okay uh well the daughter of an Irish merchant Richard McCord and his wife Catherine.
2390.txt: Johnson gave birth to her second child, a girl, in um well well so okay May 2007, whom she named Clover, and announced plans to have a third child within two years.
2111.txt: In the summer of 1785 Hülsen attended the university so okay well okay like of Halle, to study theology, but instead occupied himself with Classical philology.
1367.txt: He has established 20 science companies during his career, and was twice elected 'Cambridge Businessman of the Year'.
3831.txt: The Shaiva ascetic worldview emphasizes a radical separation from like you know like well um the mainstream social world and complete commitment to liberation from so well I mean um well Samsara, the cycle of birth and death, while Vaishnavas emphasize remaining engaged in the non-sadhu social world through compassionate service.
4286.txt: The popular notion of black clothing is likely rooted so you know like like um in artistic convention; early drawings of ninja were showed them uh well well uh so dressed in black in order to portray a sense of invisibility.
1638.txt: His first action was to move against the barbarian uh I mean uh like okay tribes that had been gathered by Aurelian for his uh um you know um um Eastern campaign, and which had plundered the Eastern Roman provinces after Aurelian had been murdered and the campaign cancelled.
4864.txt: West Virginia Route 971 is a short north - south state highway in Wyoming County, West Virginia.
1576.txt: He wrote almost 800 poems, seven theatrical plays and you know so well you know you know some prose. Many og the writings were of high quality and like well okay well so aimed to criticize the Establishment or advocate diverse social and cultural issues.
127.txt: A variation of this song is also used at you know um okay I mean you know Disney World's Magic Kingdom 'HalloWishes' fireworks show, and in well uh like okay uh parades at Disneyland Paris Resort and Hong Kong Disneyland during the Halloween season.
389.txt: Antony 'Ratt' Crowther is a former designer, programmer like I mean uh you know I mean and musician of Commodore 64 games, um I mean so well okay during the 1980s, working for Alligata, Gremlin Graphics and later Crowther's own company, Wizard Development.
4868.txt: When Admiral Yi is portrayed as a boy, I mean okay well so uh he is shown to be a weak, shy, and lonely um okay you know well uh boy when in fact he showed leadership and creativity at an early age.
3941.txt: The case also attracted international attention and Gerard Croiset, uh um uh well like a parapsychologist (and reputed psychic) from the Netherlands, uh like like like uh was brought to Australia, causing a media frenzy; however, his I mean you know so uh like story changed from day to day and offered no clues.
4410.txt: The study of mathematics as a subject in its own right um like um I mean okay begins in the 6th century BC with the Pythagoreans, you know uh uh well you know who coined the term 'mathematics' from the ancient Greek 'μάθημα' ( 'mathema' ), meaning 'subject of instruction'.
4541.txt: There were rumours of a few scenes of love so um well I mean so between Alauddin and Padmini in this film, which like so uh I mean well led to protests from a Rajput caste organization um I mean um okay well called Shri Rajput Karni Sena, whose members accused Bhansali of distorting history.
3073.txt: Phonology also encompasses variations in pronunciation that help to explain patterns in the pronunciation of words.
229.txt: After losing Kettle Hill, Linares's men still on San okay uh I mean I mean well Juan Hill began to fire on the Rough Riders' so you know well I mean so newly won position on the summit, using both small so you know uh uh um arms and time - fused artillery shells, causing several casualties.
1487.txt: He served as Master of Roxbury High School from um well okay well so 1919 to 1924 and Jr. Master from 1924 to okay well so uh um 1926, head of department from 1926 to 29, and professor from 1929 to 1934 at Boston Technical College.
3640.txt: The Battle of Wizards' is a simple turn based strategy game so I mean well so okay where the player (s) take the role of wizards who vie with one another to rule the game.
3726.txt: The Guardia Civil is a Spanish military police and civilian police like like okay I mean okay force founded in 1844 by Queen Isabel II of Spain uh um okay well uh after the First Carlist War to assure the occupation within the newly created borders at the Pyrenees.
262.txt: After the treaty was signed, Shanti Bahini insurgents formally laid okay so I mean you know well down their arms and received monetary compensation from the okay you know uh okay like government and more than 50, 000 displaced people were able to return to their homes.
224.txt: After impressing for Portadown Henry got the chance uh well you know so okay to move to Royal Antwerp FC however due to homesickness um I mean okay well you know McStay ended his contract with the Belgian club um like uh um uh at the end of January 2008 and went in search of a new start in Britain.
1814.txt: In 1936, the 106 Aero Squadron was consolidated with the um like well like um 106th Observation Squadron of the Alabama National okay um um so like guard which had been founded as the 135th Observation Squadron I mean um well like you know by former WWI ace, James Armand Meissner on 21 January 1922.
242.txt: After serving a tour in the U. S. Army, he you know okay well you know well returned to New York in 1953 and started okay well so you know uh writing, first for 'Women's Wear Daily 'and then for the' Chicago Tribune'.
4970.txt: Wright was born in London, England and died in Ryde, Sydney, New South Wales.
2752.txt: Most of the volunteers left between 1999 and 2001, and well um you know um so by mid- 2002 the support portion of ePeople was removed.
1718.txt: However, previously mated females are driven by a different reason, I mean like um so um the fact that they are less likely to be attractive to males.
33.txt: 'Someday' is a song by Canadian rock band Nickelback, uh like I mean like you know released by Nickelback in August 2003 as the lead single from their 2003 album 'The Long Road'.
4878.txt: When a relative of Andrew Butler, Preston Brooks, you know so uh um so heard of it, he felt that Sumner's behavior well like uh well so merited less than a duel and so beat him um you know so uh um senseless on the floor of the Senate with a wooden walking cane.
4972.txt: Xavier Rudd grew up in Torquay, Victoria, where he attended St Joseph's College, Geelong.
4469.txt: The week after that he went back to being you know you know so uh well called Johnny Devine as well as betraying his fellow X well uh you know you know okay Division stars and accompanying Team 3D to the ring for matches, like like okay um well leading to Ray and Devon giving him the nickname 'Brother Devine'.
2217.txt: It is her first single for Republic Nashville, okay uh uh I mean so and served as the lead - off single fromher album 'Eleven', which was released on October 11, 2011.
3504.txt: Statewide board examinations are conducted at the end of the um like um well I mean period of secondary education and students who qualify are allowed like um so so you know to pursue a two - year pre-university course; after you know okay um uh um which students become eligible to pursue under - graduate degrees.
4583.txt: They followed the trail to 'Peg - leg' Jim Wilson's ranch okay I mean okay so I mean on Eagle Creek the evening of May 31 where they spent the night.
2383.txt: John R. Cooper (born 1947), is a Republican member of I mean so uh uh you know the Arkansas State Senate and a retiree from American Telephone and Telegraph in Jonesboro, Arkansas.
2566.txt: Located in Chanakyapuri, New Delhi, CRIS was established as a I mean uh so well so registered society in 1986 by the Ministry of Railways uh I mean um okay well of India, as an umbrella organization for all computer activities on Indian Railways (IR).
52.txt: A Cryocooler is a standalone cooler of table like you know I mean well um - top size which is used to cool some particular application to cryogenic temperatures.
3303.txt: Several religions have prospered simultaneously and at different um well like I mean like periods of time and elements of Hinduism, Buddhism, Jainism and Islam can be found in the city.
1984.txt: In September 2014, Jean Sulpice participated in the Epicure um uh um I mean uh Culinary Festival in Zürich and in June 2014, he took um you know you know so you know part in a culinary workshop, organized by Uncle Ben's, with parents and children.
4979.txt: Yeovil Country Park, which includes Ninesprings, is one of several open spaces with educational, cultural and sporting facilities.
116.txt: A song belongs on the list below 'only' if like okay like I mean well the song is notably about Portland, although the song may okay uh I mean you know uh additionally be notable for other reasons too; therefore, this list does not include notable songs that merely mention Portland in passing.
3157.txt: Reckless was educated at Marlborough College, before He graduating in um um um I mean you know PPE from Christ Church, Oxford; before receiving an MBA from Columbia Business School.
391.txt: Apprenticed to the hatter's trade, he moved to Danbury, Connecticut, in 1887 and was employed as a journeyman hatter.
1103.txt: For example, mixtapes can contain original beats with samples you know so uh uh uh in them that have not been cleared, however there is generally uh well so well well no legal recourse because the mixtape is free uh uh I mean like um and so no profit is being made from the work.
2475.txt: Koshinski was part of the team that created the new I mean like well um I mean FM all - sports format and had success against WGR - so like um you know um 550 AM until Adelphia sold the station to WGR's owner, Entercom Communications, in 2004.
1099.txt: For a better understanding we have to realise that until the you know I mean like okay like mid 20th century houses were heated by open fires well um well so I mean in chimneys or by stoves, and the lack okay so uh okay okay of isolation made many a house very draughty and cold during winter.
1509.txt: He turned professional in 1982, joining Peugeot, before moving on to okay well like I mean like Fangor, before joining the American team 7 - you know you know so I mean I mean Eleven and later team Motorola, where he rode with Lance Armstrong.
3992.txt: The crystals operated in the shortwave radio range, and were developed to detect both white and ultraviolet light.
1829.txt: In 1962, she co-founded Siliconix, one of Silicon Valley's uh uh well like you know first semiconductor houses and is the only woman included in the 'Semiconductor Family Tree'.
4070.txt: The first post-war model was the 1948 Mark V available with um uh okay uh I mean either 2. 5 - or 3. 5 - litre engines, um I mean so um well and it had a more streamlined appearance than uh well okay so um pre-war models, but more important was the change to independent front suspension and hydraulic brakes.
3537.txt: Suraj reaches the place where Amar and Suraj used so well you know you know well to go and Amar who felt the voice of his friend calling him rushed to the place.
79.txt: A group of friends looking for the ultimate high I mean okay uh so uh try their hands at a ouija board, they don't uh um okay uh um realize at first that they have summonned a jinn, okay you know I mean uh I mean who can only be free once the people who summoned him are dead.
2968.txt: One of the reasons for his early you know okay like so like popularity was his post-match courtesy to the fans; after each I mean well uh I mean like match, he would walk to every corner of the ground and applaud the Liverpool supporters.
4438.txt: The town is home to Halstead Cricket Club which fields three teams in the Marshall Hatchick Two Counties Championship.
4656.txt: This temple is an Irratai sannithi temple ie. There are two moolavars.
4952.txt: With the death of Kerins in June 1944, the um you know you know uh like IRA no longer had a Chief of Staff, um I mean um so um there was no longer a GHQ, or even an okay uh okay uh um IRA Army Council, there wasn't even a band of men to lead and call the IRA.
4397.txt: The spouse of a jonkheer is not named jonkvrouw so you know you know you know um but 'Madam', abbreviated as 'Mrs.' ( with the use of her husband's name ).
4379.txt: The sixth, seventh, and eighth Gurus did not write religious like like okay uh so verses, however the ninth Guru, Guru Tegh Bahadur did you know you know uh well okay and the tenth Guru, Guru Gobind Singh included Guru Tegh Bahadur's writings into Guru Granth Sahib Ji.
1500.txt: He studied law in Cortland, New York, and was admitted to the bar in 1893.
4702.txt: Thus a tipping point may be passed without any okay so so I mean like immediately obvious consequences, nor any acceleration of the warming process.
4342.txt: The scientific explanation for the incident, attested by Indian academics, like okay I mean I mean I mean was that the material was pulled up from the well like I mean like um offering bowls by Hindu worshipper at a temple in you know okay I mean uh you know south New Delhi made an offering of milk to a statue of Ganesha.
2019.txt: In fact few villagers would step out of their houses so you know okay you know well. Apparantly, the leopard was so bold that it would bang so uh like um uh down doors, leap through windows, or claw through the mud or thatch walls of huts.
1188.txt: Gene Cornish (born May 14th, 1945) is an like uh um like so original member of the popular' 60s blue - eyed soul band the Rascals.
2506.txt: Later, after Homer was told of his existence and sought well well so um so out and found him; he lost his entire fortune uh so well okay I mean and became a homeless person when he unwisely asked Homer to design his new model car for him.
4297.txt: The princess later forgave him for taking her to the dragon, you know uh okay well like but the memory of tying her to the stake, uh like I mean I mean I mean awaiting death with her eyes open and dry, well uh I mean uh you know still sometimes disturbs his dreams... That she was rescued and survived only eases the horror a little.
3915.txt: The band's first album, 'Only the Dead See the okay um okay well um End of the War', was produced by Alex Skolnick I mean um uh so you know of Testament and was made available on March 9, 2010.
1181.txt: Gareth Craig Snell (born 1 January 1986) is a I mean you know uh you know uh British Labour Co-operative politician, who was elected the Member of Parliament well you know you know uh okay (MP) for Stoke - on - Trent Central at the 2017 Stoke - on - Trent Central by - election.
3623.txt: The Ambashtha Community in India is spread thin um so okay so you know into various states, and their easiest identification is by the last (surname) name.
4833.txt: Victor never knew his father and is anxious to obtain so like uh um um the information from his mother but she never you know uh I mean you know um recognises him when he visits and so he asks you know like so like well Denny to pose as him and ask her questions.
1764.txt: Immediately the insects and they're queen established a well you know okay uh okay nest in the mine, after this the insects began to abduct any nearby humans, presumably for food.
4267.txt: The path descends an incline to the River Ribble, where I mean I mean okay okay uh once a stationary steam engine hauled waggons up the hill.
200.txt: After a number of preliminary meetings Payne Best and like well you know so so Stevens met with Major Walter Schellenberg of the Foreign Intelligence (Counter-Espionage), who was masquerading as a 'Hauptmann (Captain) Schämmel'.
320.txt: Although Pinky and the Brain plan to conquer the uh I mean like you know like world, they do not show much; in a Christmas special um well uh so well Pinky even wrote to Santa that Brain had the world's best interests at heart.
1729.txt: However the Liberals were suffering from heightened internal tensions, okay uh I mean well um and John Olsen had successfully challenged Dean Brown for the Liberal like like I mean I mean I mean leadership in 1996 and had been Premier of South Australia for around 12 months on election day.
678.txt: By the time he was 18, he claimed he hag year uh so um like uh the second outing of Eight Women was far more successful as like like uh um okay it won the Hachette Prix du Quai des Orfevres for Best Play in 1961.
1258.txt: Hajj Nematollah (1871 -- February 28, 1919) was born in like uh okay okay uh Jeyhounabad, Iran and is considered one of the uh um okay um you know greatest leaders and mystics in Kurdish and Ahl - e Haqq history.
821.txt: Curtis Moffat (1887 1949) was a pioneering abstract photographer, painter, so okay so uh like and is considered an iconic pivotal figure in Modernist interior design.
2585.txt: Lydia is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera 'EastEnders', played by Marlaine Gordon between 1995 and 1996.
4135.txt: The is the only BMT Broadway service that does I mean okay like uh well not stop here, since it bypasses using the center express you know I mean so so um tracks on its way to / from its northern terminus at 57th Street.
499.txt: At the start of the War of Spanish so well like well you know Succession Portugal had allied with France, as part of this well um I mean you know like treaty the French had guaranteed the Portuguese naval protection.
2820.txt: Nikolaos Doxaras (1710 - 1775) was a Greek painter, of the Heptanese School, born in the Ionian islands.
4462.txt: The village has four pubs, The popular, Miners Arms, like so uh so well The Horse and Jockey and the Robin Hood, like okay um well um two Working Men's Clubs one of which has been converted into a community centre called The Brig.
3501.txt: State Highway 1 crosses the Manawatu Plain, passing the city of uh um you know okay uh Palmerston North about 20 km west of it, passing through the I mean well well um so town of Foxton, before reaching the end of the plain at the town of Levin.
4459.txt: The video caused Fujimori's remaining support to collapse, and um like okay like um immediately he announced the firing of Montesinos, dissolution of the um uh you know I mean uh intelligence service and new elections -- in which he would not run.
4300.txt: The program consisted of two orbiters and two landers -- these were the first two spacecraft to successfully land on Mars.
1048.txt: Fairhaven is a small seaside town on the south coast, you know uh well like like bordering the Acushnet River to the west and Buzzards Bay to the south.
345.txt: Among the competitors in the Juvenile was the highly regarded well okay well you know so California champion Bertrando, future Eclipse Award winner, who came into the uh okay like so you know Breeders' Cup having won the Grade I Norfolk Stakes and the Del Mar Futurity.
4509.txt: There are several amenities in the village such as the local okay you know um uh uh GAA pitch and two pubs, and is home to renowned fiddle player Connie O'Connell.
2810.txt: Nick Holden (born 15 May 1987 in St okay you know I mean like so. Albert, Alberta) is a Canadian professional ice hockey like I mean uh I mean well defenceman who made his debut in the NHL with the Columbus Blue Jackets during the 2010 -- 11 NHL season.
291.txt: All forms of English refer to U. S. Citizens as um like you know well so 'Americans', a term deriving from 'America'; in the I mean well um uh I mean English context, it came to refer to inhabitants of British North America, and then the United States.
3086.txt: Pope Innocent I even agreed to it, provided they be I mean well okay uh I mean done in private, but the pagan priests said it could you know I mean uh uh okay only be done publicly in the Roman forum, and the idea was abandoned.
3496.txt: Stanley Walter Pawloski (born September 6, 1931 in uh I mean uh okay um Wanamie, Pennsylvania) is an American former Major League Baseball second um um well you know you know baseman who played in two games for the Cleveland Indians during the 1955 Cleveland Indians season.
3495.txt: Stan, Francine and Hayley find themselves in the goo, and uh okay okay I mean so Francine blames Stan, until they realize that 'Steve', who um okay so so well was missing, put them in the goo as, like Stan, he wanted time away from the rest of the family.
2286.txt: It was established in 1858 by the Spanish colonial authorities so like well uh well as the Jardín Botánico, which has been claimed as like okay like I mean I mean Asia's first botanical garden, although it was predated by so I mean so uh I mean others such as the Acharya Jagadish Chandra Bose Indian Botanic Garden.
2685.txt: Men's sports include basketball, cross country, golf, soccer and you know well you know you know okay track & field; while women's sports include basketball, cross country, golf, soccer, track & field and volleyball.
832.txt: Danzig defeated Justin Buchholz on February 6, 2010, at UFC okay um so I mean so 109 by unanimous decision with all three judges scoring it 29 I mean uh uh um okay -- 28 for Danzig, snapping his three - fight losing streak.
944.txt: During the 90s, LaCazio sang occasional backup for artists from you know uh um you know you know Corey Hart to Purple Mountain Matinee and made an album, 'Eat Life', that was released June 23rd, 2009.
1746.txt: Ian Wallace (born September 29, 1946 in Bury, well you know okay I mean okay England, died February 22, 2007 in Los Angeles) so you know well um uh was a rock drummer and session musician, best known as I mean okay okay you know I mean a member of progressive rock group King Crimson from 1971 - 1972.
3806.txt: The Panthers went 1 - 15, winning only their opener, thus I mean well okay um well setting the record for most consecutive losses during a uh uh uh okay I mean single season in NFL history, which has since been broken by the 2008 Detroit Lions.
3718.txt: The Georgetown University School of Nursing and Health Studies you know I mean I mean I mean like (NHS) has, since its founding in 1903, been at okay well I mean I mean um the forefront of education in the health care field, offering many programs unique to America's elite institutions.
4808.txt: Upon moving to New York City in 2004 from Nashville, okay uh well like uh Jim found a position at Marvel Comics handling publicity and PR for publishing while managing press and panels at conventions.
4377.txt: The six aircraft crew were Spanish employees of Airbus Defence and uh well okay okay uh Space, four of them were killed and two were seriously injured.
406.txt: Art and Industry', coauthored with Joseph Anderson, which gave the first English language account of Japanese film.
2397.txt: Joshua Givens, an interpreter, was widely suspected of being dishonest, and uh like well like okay was accused of forcing some to sign and tricking others into thinking they were signing against the agreement.
2251.txt: It may receive government funds, however, it's board must be independent.
2237.txt: It is the 'Home Of The Lloyd Loom,' a reference to wicker furniture maker Lloyd / Flanders.
3431.txt: Since the vehicles are battery powered, there's no need for I mean okay like you know um electrification along the track, instead the vehicles recharge when parked at the stations.
4011.txt: The earthquake originated in the Southern Appalachian Seismic Zone (SASZ), so um so um okay among the most active seismic areas in the Southeastern United like so um so um States and one capable of producing moderately strong earthquakes, a few of which cause damage.
702.txt: Carl - Heinz Birnbacher (26 May 1910 in Villach -- I mean well like uh like 5 December 1991) was a German naval officer I mean you know okay uh so during World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross of Nazi Germany.
1231.txt: Graham Upton (born 30 April 1944) was the Vice-Chancellor of Oxford Brookes University, from September 1997 to August 2007.
2003.txt: In an interview with 'Billboard', Ameriie discussed two well so well like like album tracks, 'Sodom & G' and 'Run for Cover': well uh like so I mean '(' Run for Cover' is ) kind of like a metaphor (for) self suppression.
91.txt: A lyric video was released on February 1, 2017, like um so so so featuring Grande in an oversized down jacket dancing and singing in front of a row of spotlights.
1425.txt: He landed to claim it as salvage, having detected no uh um you know well like life - signs aboard, but replies that 'the crew objected', even though there was nothing alive on the planet.
1029.txt: Eventually she decided to go to Europe where I mean well I mean uh uh she spent a number of months studying with Sara Charles so you know well um so - Cahier before launching a highly successful European singing tour.
2070.txt: In the 2001 Singapore General Election, Chee led another team um uh well like okay that lost, garnering only 20. 2 % of the votes in Jurong GRC in 2001.
1475.txt: He resigned from his seat on the okay um uh uh um council in 1801 due to poor health and died at Round Hill three years later at the age of 57.
556.txt: Ben Finney built a 40 - foot replica of a um you know like okay um Hawaiian double canoe 'Nalehia' and tested it in a series of sailing and paddling experiments in Hawaiian waters.
2783.txt: NC - IUPHAR acts as the scientific advisory and so I mean so uh well editorial board for the database and its network of so I mean I mean okay so over 700 specialist advisors (organised into ~ 60 subcommittees) contribute expertise and data.
4146.txt: The largest building in this hamlet is Monkton Wyld Court, so like um okay I mean a Victoria Gothic pile with terraced south facing lawns, a dairy farm and an organic walled kitchen garden.
3185.txt: Ringside seats were $ 150, each man was guaranteed well I mean like uh um 2. 5 million dollars, in addition to the millions who well so so um okay watched on closed - circuit screens around the you know so you know I mean so world the Garden was packed with a sellout crowd of like so um like uh 20, 455 that provided a gate of $ 1. 5 million.
4357.txt: The senior male team for Kenya won their 22nd uh okay okay um uh team title in 24 years despite the fact that no so I mean uh um you know senior male runner from Kenya has won an individual title since 1999.
980.txt: Echomimetic is an adjective that is best explained in English like I mean okay uh um by the term onomatopoeic, i. E. Derived from onomatopoeia as the um like well you know uh latter noun is used in philology and literature and in the explanation of the origin of words in dictionaries.
2975.txt: Ono - i - Lau is a volcanic and coral island in Fiji's Lau archipelago.
2508.txt: Later, he settled down in Conakry; the Sandervalia district of the city is named after him.
4470.txt: The western terminus of I - 184 is with well you know I mean okay like I - 84; the eastern terminus 13th Street in downtown Boise, uh like I mean so well where I - 184 empties eastbound traffic onto Myrtle Street and receives westbound traffic from Front Street.
1699.txt: However, after getting hopelessly lost he returns to his okay uh okay like so home town and, not wanting to go home, visits his old basketball coach, Marty Tothero.
4853.txt: WarGrowlmon is a fictional character from the Digimon I mean um so I mean um franchise, a Cyborg - type Digimon, the Ultimate form of Guilmon.
3620.txt: The Alcatel brand was licensed by Alcatel - Lucent to um like I mean like uh TCL for mobile phones and devices and this license expires at the end of 2024.
1221.txt: Golo Mann (March 27, 1909 - April 7, 1994 Leverkusen) was the third child of novelist Thomas Mann.
4503.txt: There are currently five houses in the school, corresponding to you know like well like so the five forms of entry, And there is a I mean um um uh so sixth house, called Datchelor, which will be introduced in September 2014.
3625.txt: The American anthropologist Clifford Geertz published his most famous work, well so uh um well ', in which he argued that the cockfight served you know I mean okay uh you know as a pastiche of wider Balinese society from which okay so you know I mean okay judgments about other aspects of the culture could be drawn.
2706.txt: Mike Bezos worked his way through the University uh well um you know um of New Mexico; married Jacklyn; and adopted 4 - year um I mean well well well - old Jeff Jorgensen, whose surname was then changed to Bezos.
1493.txt: He still appears on 'Around the Horn' and recently began writing a column for AOL Sports.
4915.txt: While the Gonarch is not encountered in 'Half - well okay uh so um Life 2', an amputated part of it exists as an like you know I mean like well unused model a file in the leak version of 'Half - Life 2'.
2650.txt: Martha Tracy (April 10, 1876 - 1942) became the first professor like um um okay um of preventive medicine of the Woman's Medical like uh you know I mean you know College of Pennsylvania (WMC), and served as its Dean from 1917 to 1940 during the Great Depression.
2678.txt: Megan Paige (Dushku) is an investigator for the Rochester Police well okay I mean like so Department who is assigned to investigate the murder of a um you know um um um young girl named Carla Castillo, whose body is you know okay you know well uh found in the nearby village of Churchville with some white cat hair on it.
3069.txt: Philip tells the archdeacon Waleran and travels to Kingsbridge Priory where he well well okay you know you know is made prior there in a deal with Waleran, who becomes bishop.
3278.txt: Season four featured a version called Doc Ock Holliday who lived I mean you know you know so well in a Western dimension did away with the Sheriff and um like okay like like took over as Sheriff; what nobody knows is I mean I mean I mean you know I mean that Doc Ock Holliday actually brainwashed the Sheriff into being the Phantom Rider.
4635.txt: This let the palace restored by Annibale Lippi, who possibly gave to the facade its definive shape.
1874.txt: In 2001, depressed by the failure of his drug rehabilitation so uh you know um you know program and after finding out that he had only a few well um like I mean I mean months left to live, he committed suicide on 11 so so I mean okay okay July by jumping from the roof of the Amsterdam Hilton Hotel at the age of 54.
4797.txt: Unlike most other neurotransmitters that only transmit information from uh um um so okay a presynaptic to a postsynaptic neuron, the small nitric oxide like like so okay like molecule can diffuse all over and can thereby act um you know well I mean um on several nearby neurons, even on those not connected by a synapse.
4312.txt: The radar range was still low (27 km was quite I mean like you know like uh normal for a fighter - sized target) and the loss uh uh um okay you know rate remained high, with peaks in 1973 and 1975 (ten F - 104s of all versions lost).
2260.txt: It reappears in Battle of the Labyrinth and The Last Olympian, but as a small part in his life.
4415.txt: The system continued to drift westwards and strengthened rapidly, I mean uh so I mean I mean that on midnight, that day, the JMA furhter upgraded I mean like well so okay the system into a Tropical Storm, naming it Nock - Ten.
2992.txt: Otak - otak is made by mixing fish paste (usually mackerel) I mean I mean I mean like um with a mixture of spices including chillies, garlic, shallots, turmeric, lemon grass and coconut milk.
1093.txt: Following this Harrington won the 2006 European Tour Order of so okay um okay um Merit, Ccoming after a titanic battle with Paul Casey okay I mean like so so and David Howell, which was won on the last hole of the last event.
54.txt: A Holiday Collection' was released in 2008, a you know uh uh um okay duo album featuring two original compositions by pianist / co-producer Matt Treder.
3858.txt: The Traverse City Junior High was built in um um well you know okay the 1980s for grades 7th - 9th which became Traverse City West Junior High.
4106.txt: The ground level of the station is occupied by so um like well uh several bus lanes of the Jalan Sultan Mohamed bus hub, uh okay so so you know where there is also a Rapid Bus Customer Service Office.
2911.txt: On February 22, 2016, the series was picked up for okay um I mean okay I mean an eight episode first season which began filming in June 2016 in Atlanta.
3448.txt: Snekkersten is a small borough of Helsingør Commune located 4 km. South of central Helsingør, Denmark.
4277.txt: The platforms saw another innovation: platform edge doors, to uh I mean like you know um improve airflow and prevent people from jumping or falling onto the line.
3207.txt: Romania, from 1939 to 1944, was an ally of I mean uh uh um okay Nazi Germany during World War II, and echoed its anti-Semitic policies.
2222.txt: It is located in the growing south side of the like okay like um well city, at the southwest corner of the busiest okay um well you know uh intersection in Abilene at Buffalo Gap Road and US 83/84 (Winters Freeway).
4120.txt: The idea was that on reaching canal, wall or um you know I mean so um other obstacle the tank would stop and the rockets fired I mean well um um so causing the ramps to unfold and be thrown over the obstacle.
3792.txt: The Nature Center was built on 18. 3 of 22 acres um okay so uh uh that was split off the Simpsonville Mill property by okay well um um uh the Simpsons in 1891 and sold to Sophia Stern; it well you know I mean you know you know was later purchased by James and Anne Robinson in 1957.
2180.txt: It eats leaves, herbs, twigs and green plants like clover and in the winter it may eat bark.
429.txt: As a result of this strengthening industrial manufacturing and services you know uh uh so like were crowded out and became non-competitive on world markets, a um uh so uh um phenomenon that is often referred to in economics literature as Dutch disease.
3476.txt: Soon after arriving the village, he meets okay well like uh you know his old friend Vasu (Ali), Vasu warns ranga to um I mean you know like okay leave the place and forget about his land revealing the danger about that place.
4445.txt: The transferred wear debris and created lumps penetrate the okay um you know okay uh opposing oxide surface layer and cause damage to the underlying well so well well okay bulk material, allowing continuous plastic deformation, plastic flow, and accumulation of energy and temperature.
1744.txt: IMDb In the early 1990s, Frederik van Pallandt settled so I mean um okay well in the Philippines where he and his Filipino girlfriend, Susannah, were shot dead in 1994.
65.txt: A crook is also a slang term for a criminal so okay uh okay you know or a person of questionable morality; the adjective crooked can refer to such persons or actions.
2827.txt: Nisbet married Isabella Frances Fairweather in 1875 and like well uh so I mean died in London on 1 April 1899, following a like okay uh well well longer term lung infection, and was survived by his wife and two children.
3643.txt: The Big Mound Key - Boggess Ridge Archeological District I mean so you know well I mean is a U. S. National Historic Landmark (designated like I mean okay okay um as such on December 3, 1990) located southeast of Placida, Florida, on Big Mound Key.
2745.txt: Most Filipinos own firearms for self - protection and target - shooting, which require licenses.
4169.txt: The main objective of the game is to prevent balloons, you know like um so I mean known in - game as 'bloons,' from reaching the end well um um like I mean of a defined track on a playing field which consists of one or more entrances and exits for the bloons.
4282.txt: The playing surface was often described as being rocky or like like you know so so sandy and the football team found it difficult to schedule home you know uh so okay okay games as opposing teams did not want to play on the surface.
3913.txt: The bakery's malasadas were Foodspotting's top 'Hawaii food find', so you know I mean well well and 'USA Today' described the doughnuts as having become 'a Hawaiian icon'.
550.txt: Before the invasion Louis William recruited Serb rebels all um okay you know like um over Serbia, whose infantry units were called 'hayduks' while cavalry units of Serb rebels were called 'Serbian husars'.
2431.txt: Katsuya huddles into a corner with fear and the shadow of something descending from the ceiling is cast on him.
2405.txt: Julia Child and Paul Child in the OSS uh like so um okay '(NY: Simon & Schuster, 2011), 241 DuBois and Taylor,' her so I mean well I mean okay companion, 'according to her Harvard Library biographer,' enjoyed an active social life' in the 1970s.
3040.txt: Passages are currently followed by a single prompt, though in older like well well like well tests (pre- 2007), a few questions were followed by two prompts.
1747.txt: Ibn Rassam is widely known to have invented the techniques so okay okay uh um through which he obtained copper from varieties of malachite, he also ascertained indigo by heating various substances.
878.txt: Disturbance of Botum Sakor National Park is extremely high, you know okay you know you know okay with an estimated 229 km² of evergreen forest lost um like um okay um in the years 1997 - 2002 through illegal logging (~ 30 km² / year).
1287.txt: Hayes was married with four children and resided in Sydney's Eastern Suburbs.
4322.txt: The rest of his family also left Shanghai soon afterwards: his like you know you know well like two younger siblings left for the UK in 1946, and his mother remarried and moved to Malaysia.
1457.txt: He played college football at the University of Miami I mean uh okay you know uh and is the cousin of Brian Rolle of the Philadelphia Eagles.
3952.txt: The church was built of granite, faced with Dutch bricks uh uh uh um well and adorned with 18 iron - trimmed Palladian windows you know um uh so I mean placed between buttressing supports and an ornate arched entry door with iron fittings.
1186.txt: Gavin Esler is currently one of the three main presenters you know I mean so well well on BBC 2's flagship political analysis programme, Newsnighthe joined well you know so I mean I mean the programme in January 2003; he replaced Jeremy Vinewho took over from veteran Radio 2 presenter Jimmy Young.
2668.txt: McLean and Hirsch continued to share starts in 1996 -- 97, well uh I mean well I mean as McLean appeared in 44 games with a 21 - 18 - 3 record and 3. 21 GAA.
4464.txt: The vinyl EP was released with six tracks, and released well um okay I mean like on cassette in 1986 with additional tracks expanding the release to a full - length album.
3374.txt: She tells him that the IRA tried and um so like um you know convicted him in absentia, and she forces okay you know uh you know you know him to agree to help with a new mission to aid in assassinating a judge.
1369.txt: He has led the Democratic Forum for Labour and like I mean like uh uh Liberties (FDTL), a political party, since 1994, and he briefly um you know well so um held the post of Minister of Health in January 2011 as part of an interim government.
3918.txt: The band recorded a further two albums, 'Get Behind Me okay I mean like you know okay Satan' in 2005 and 'Icky Thump' in 2007 uh well I mean I mean well before announcing their split in 2011 after a lengthy hiatus from performing and recording.
455.txt: As the deadline for 2009 registration passed, Torpedo Moscow was not okay you know so well like reinstated in the Second Division and they played in the uh well like um uh amateur Third division, yet eventually they managed to reach the First Division after 2 consecutive promotions.
868.txt: Developmental events that have seemed to serve no useful you know like you know I mean okay function can now be seen to be carrying out these um I mean I mean well well latter two evolutionary functions and can lead us to ask you know I mean you know um uh new kinds of questions about how development works, as well as how it may function in evolution.
4422.txt: The technique was developed by Guillaume Corpart Muller well uh okay um um in 2007 Reforma, Sept 6, 2009, Mexico Canal 11, well like I mean I mean I mean Once Noticias, Sept 1, 2009, Mexico and later evolved you know so okay okay so to be applied to other daytime and evening settings such as lucha libre and sea creatures.
846.txt: Debuting in 1989/90, the right handed batsman has you know like like okay like made over 8000 runs in his career yet has um uh okay like okay failed to catch the eyes of the national selectors, although he has represented the Rest of Pakistan.
3273.txt: Sculptron was the first electronic sculpture in Australia (Patrick okay I mean okay I mean uh McCaughey, The Age 11 July 1967) and was designed with engineering assistance by Tim Berriman.
4356.txt: The second tube was in lifted into place 7 um well well okay so January 1850, a single line was open to public traffic uh well I mean uh I mean through these tubes 18 March 1850, and the second line was open 19 October.
546.txt: Before he auditioned for 'The X Factor', Callahan was part uh um um well you know of various bands until deciding to go solo in 2012, releasing his debut single 'Runaway Train' in December 2012.
4124.txt: The inaugural Principal was Mr Reidal who managaed the uh I mean uh I mean uh school from 1953 to 1956, the next principal was Bill Walker who served from 1957 to 1959.
4593.txt: They named this new partnership 'Batlló i Batlló', which had several labour problems and lasted until 1889.
718.txt: Cedar Bay is a national park in Queensland, Australia, northwest of Brisbane, south of Cooktown and accessible only by boat or foot.
4380.txt: The soccer team is class D in the Maine Principals Association, uh like I mean uh I mean the 2015 team went 2 - 8, with so like uh uh you know wins against High - View Christian Academy and Temple Academy.
3464.txt: Some have criticized the game for not allowing the you know you know um so you know player to actually control Poirot; the developers explained this I mean okay you know well so choice by saying that adventure gamers who make mistakes you know so like you know okay throughout the game do not reflect the genius of Poirot, whereas amateur sleuth Antoinette Marceau does.
1012.txt: Episodes in which Kimber is the main focus often involve um so okay you know so romance and rebellion, such as her jealously towards the media attention that Jem gets.
3288.txt: Semi-permanent hair color has smaller molecules than temporary so like so um well dyes, and is therefore able to partially penetrate the hair shaft.
908.txt: Dragomoshchenko fused elements of poetry, essay, philosophy, journalism and fictional prose, and' well I mean I mean I mean well explores the way our perceived and conceptual worlds are constructed through language.
2063.txt: In the 1930s French archaeologist Ghrshman, doing excavations in well uh you know so well Bagram, found Egyptian and Syrian glassware, bronze statuettes, um um like you know like bowls and other objects including statues, this being an you know you know so okay like indication that Alexander's conquests have opened India to imports from the west.
3379.txt: She was active in the NAACP, and she attended the association's annual conference every year with the Oklahoma City Youth Council.
3454.txt: Sokolov, defender at FK Karabakh claims to be innocent, however he did not cooperate for a B - test.
2163.txt: It appeared on 'Album of the Year' lists of seven I mean okay I mean well I mean different publications, as well as a 'Top 66 Albums of 2000 - 2006' list.
354.txt: An ethnic group is a group of people whose members identify so well I mean okay okay with each other through a common heritage, consisting of a common culture, including a shared language or dialect.
1841.txt: In 1978 the group broke up and Joëlle signed with Barclay Records.
1748.txt: Ichiro Suzuki holds the most franchise records as of the well so I mean okay I mean end of the 2010 season, with ten, including you know I mean okay okay um best single - season batting average, most career hits, and most career triples.
2775.txt: Muslim Television Ahmadiyya (MTA) is watched by millions you know I mean you know like uh of people in five continents, every Friday Hadhrat uh so okay okay so Khlifat - al - Masih delivers an inspiring sermon that is watched all over the globe.
241.txt: After returning to normal his chest did uh so like so uh not fully recover and some parts of it remained icy, I mean you know um uh so he was unable to return them to um okay okay uh you know normal, he became afraid of it and it made so I mean you know so okay him gain a new attitude in life, even rude at some times.
1832.txt: In 1970 the name changed to 'Witthüser & Westrupp' and was active until 1973.
2840.txt: Normal three - dimensional crystals have a repeating pattern in like I mean like well you know space, but remain unchanged with respect to time; time crystals repeat well well I mean like well themselves in time as well, leading the crystal to change from moment to moment.
197.txt: After a conviction, convicts often become sentences often are not termed 'convicts'.
1393.txt: He is an accomplished scholar in strategy and entrepreneurship uh so okay uh like with numerous academic papers and is probably best known for so so well you know you know his widely cited co-authored paper on absorptive capacity of firms S. Zahra and G. George.
3047.txt: Paul Hinman (born 1959 in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada) is a Canadian politician, currently the leader of the Wildrose Alliance.
3597.txt: The 1972 -- 73 season saw two new clubs you know you know uh uh you know in the league, VfB Oldenburg and SV Meppen, both promoted I mean um um uh um from the Amateurliga, while no club had been relegated from the Bundesliga to the league.
2699.txt: Michael Jackson attempted to use the brand 'Dangerous' on items um so I mean well like of clothing for his 'Dangerous' tour but was unsuccessful well uh I mean okay okay in doing so and through his company, Triumph International, attempted to reach a resolution with Quist.
2945.txt: On the evening hours on 15 September 2013, Harris like um okay you know um Academy's former Perth Road building was lit on fire, okay like well okay uh a few classrooms on the first and middle floor suffered.
1800.txt: In 1914 he was awarded the Polar Medal for so like you know uh like his work on the expedition, and the Hannam Islands are named after him.
364.txt: André Aciman (born 2 January 1951) is an um okay well well um Egyptian - born writer, currently distinguished professor at the uh well uh okay so Graduate Center of City University of New York, I mean so well so like where he teaches the history of literary theory and the works of Marcel Proust.
1078.txt: Fogle was born in Indianapolis, Indiana, and raised in a Jewish home.
1732.txt: Hudgins is an elected member of the Fellowship um like well I mean I mean of Southern Writers, a frequent Sewanee Writers' Conference faculty member, and Humanities Distinguished Professor of English at Ohio State University.
962.txt: During this time, Madara takes Obito Uchiha as his student um you know like uh uh and transplantes his Rinnegan into Nagato to be preserved for his eventual revival years later.
4310.txt: The pwd command (print working directory) is used uh like I mean like like to print the name of current working directory, if the um okay well well uh shell prompt does not show this, the user can find their place in the directory tree.
162.txt: According to the C++ specification, it returns a reference to well uh I mean um you know typeinfo, however, many compilers will not let you like like um like well assign thsi return value to a local variable, as the constructor for typeinfo is private.
3616.txt: The AdSense name was originally used by Applied Semantics, well um like okay well a competitive offering to AdSense and then adopted by Google after Google acquired Applied Semantics in April 2003.
4608.txt: This Sitio is the largest community of Bagong Silangan that has a separate feast day and patron celebration.
2055.txt: In some cultures, especially in Africa, the uh I mean I mean I mean I mean letters RSVP, instead of standing for regrets' répondez s'il vous um um so um okay plaît', are there to reassure the invitee that there I mean okay you know I mean I mean would be plenty of food and the event would not be a 'dry one'.
2076.txt: In the Khyber - Pakhtunkhwa, 'tehsil' has the same meaning you know like uh you know okay as explained above except in Malakand Division, where a district ( uh like um I mean you know 'zila / Zilah' ) has two or more subdivisions and a subdivision has two or more 'tehsils'.
3635.txt: The Association for the Protection of the Lebanese Heritage (APLH), is you know I mean so you know like an initiative launched by young Lebanese artists / intellectuals you know like so I mean well back in march 2010 on Facebook under the name 'stop destroying your heritage!', created by Pascale Ingea.
4330.txt: The route was originally designated by 1933 between Stamford and Hamlin, with a proposed extension southwest to Longworth.
4676.txt: Thomas McElwee (30 November 1957 - 8 August 1981) was uh I mean so like okay an Irish republican hunger striker and a volunteer in uh okay like so well the Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) from Bellaghy, County Londonderry, Northern Ireland.
2943.txt: On the May 23 episode of 'Raw', Jericho defeated like you know like so you know Apollo Crews to qualify for the Money in the like so um uh uh Bank ladder match at the Money in the Bank pay um you know um okay so - per - view, where Jericho was unsuccessful as the match was won by Dean Ambrose.
2802.txt: New York emerged from the war as the leading I mean uh well so you know city of the world, with Wall Street leading America's ascendancy okay you know um I mean so and, in 1951, the United Nations relocated from its first you know I mean you know so you know headquarters in Flushing Meadows Park, Queens, to the East Side of Manhattan.
2129.txt: Independents candidate contest to seek election on the basis so uh uh okay well of their personal appeal and also those candidates who are sidelined like uh okay you know like by party political rivals within party but confident to um well uh like like make it or have motive to not allowing other candidates to get elected.
1743.txt: I was born in Singapore on 24 December 1996, currently I mean so like well so i'm still in secondary school and i am interested in editing articles on Taiwanese dramas and Kpop.
3208.txt: Romanians have one, two or more given names, e. G. Ana you know okay okay like well Cristina Maria (three given names), all being chosen by the child's parents.
4458.txt: The viaduct, which would require substantial demolition of high - well you know okay like I mean rise buildings within Midtown Manhattan, would be situated ten stories above the most valuable real estate in the world.
1003.txt: Emelianenko's next fight was at, where he suffered his first loss in 10 years to Fabricio Werdum via submission.
2759.txt: Mount was born in Leigh - on - Sea, so you know so so okay Essex and her love of acting began with the um well okay um um dramatic society of the Wesleyan chapel which she attended in Essex.
3353.txt: She is also the girlfriend of Moose Mason, although Reggie Mantle okay like okay so I mean is also known to be in love with her.
727.txt: Changes in mass balance control a glacier's long term behavior and is the most sensitive climate indicator on a glacier.
1659.txt: His quest to find her will lead him I mean so okay uh okay to new allies and a startling revelation about the okay you know um uh well Mogadorians' plan for invasion. , but its planned release date is April 15, 2014 exclusively as an e-Book.
1392.txt: He is also uncle to Daniel Urlich, son of Paula and John, and nephew of Michael.
4836.txt: Video Research Ltd. Is one of the more reliable like I mean okay I mean like firms, and more television networks, advertisers, and Japanese drama like you know okay uh uh fans use the numbers from this firm than any other.
4774.txt: USS 'Thuban' (AKA - 19/LKA - 19) was an um so uh okay well of the United States Navy, named after 'Thuban', the primary like you know I mean you know I mean star in the constellation Draco, which was at one uh you know so so you know time the pole star and important in ancient Egyptian religion.
3472.txt: Some years later, as the Dauphin is a boy, villagers throw okay like uh you know um stones at Marie's carriage, and she is shocked at the intense dislike displayed by the people of France.
584.txt: Bitnation provides open - source governance, which includes DIY services, uh uh like like okay such as constitutions, secure ID / Reputation systems, dispute resolutions, security, insurance, marriages, notary service, and birth certifications.
2075.txt: In the Central American zone, all seven teams so like okay so okay from the Central American Football Union (UNCAF) entered the qualifying competition, okay uh you know uh you know and they were divided into two groups, one with four teams and the other with three teams.
3781.txt: The Mendez family were Safartic Jews originating in Spain and rose too prominence during the Jewish expulsion of Spain.
1932.txt: In Bogota, Colombia, the Simon Bolivar park hosts performances by various bands, such as Iron Maiden, Kiss and Aerosmith.
2605.txt: Maj. Gen. Bhuwan Chandra Khanduri, AVSM (Retd), also known as I mean uh um um okay Bhuvan Chandra Khanduri or B. C. Khanduri, (born 1 like um okay well like October, 1934) is a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India.
497.txt: At the sight Madame almost faints, Constance thanks the okay so um you know okay Man in Grey for being considerate and he leaves her with her mother, taking the box and papers with him.
1251.txt: H2S performed its first experimental flight on 23 April um okay well you know well 1942, with the radar mounted in a Halifax bomber, you know you know I mean um um the scanning unit installed in the aircraft's belly using the uh I mean well so uh position previously occupied by the mid-under turret, which was by that time seldom installed.
1520.txt: He was also a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon Fraternity He like well like well so persuaded UNC to build the stadium as a I mean like I mean like I mean memorial to his parents, William R. Kenan and Mary Hargrave Kenan.
3703.txt: The Entente foreign ministers proposed Ankara to establish I mean um like like I mean an Armenian state in eastern Anatolia, removing Turkish troops uh you know um okay okay from the Straits area, Turkish abandonment to the Greeks of Smyrna and eastern Thrace, including Adrianople.
3274.txt: Sea Studios 'Strange Days on Planet Earth initiative is I mean you know uh so I mean an ongoing partnership with the National Geographic Society to bring focus on our personal connection to the planet's life systems.
1063.txt: Fell's Cave was discovered by Junius Bird because of the um okay well um uh arrow points and flakes that were found on the surface.
240.txt: After retiring from playing, McClaren began his coaching career as uh um uh you know uh a youth and reserve team coach at Oxford United, where Denis Smith was manager.
2471.txt: Konishi Yukinaga ( 小西 行長 'Konishi Yukinaga', died November I mean you know like like like 6, 1600 ) was a Japanese Kirishitan (Christian) general uh um uh so well who was the main general who attempted to invade Korea in the Seven - Year War.
4201.txt: The mucuchies dog is a very affectionate, intelligent, and active breed.
700.txt: Cardiff is the capital and largest city in Wales, situated uh so you know I mean you know in the highly urbanised area of South East Wales, whose metropolitan so so um well so area has a population of 1, 097, 000.
3654.txt: The Brock Independent School District serve is their most famous Alumni.
4720.txt: Today, it is used for concerts by many inspirational bands and um so well so okay artits such as Cat Power, Dirty Three, Batrider and okay well I mean um you know the Yeah Yeah Yeahs, and as a venue for the annual Melbourne International Film Festival.
1502.txt: He tells Kohta about his fate for the next month with I mean um so like I mean a blush on his face, but was reduced to I mean um well so so a homeless bum since he used all of his power alone to seal the Queen.
1339.txt: He entered the Church and held a number of posts um you know so like okay in Lincolnshire and undertook diplomatic missions on the Continent uh so um I mean well for King Henry V. In 1429, he was so so uh like like elected Bishop of Chichester, but the position was given to Simon Sydenham instead.
1236.txt: Grape - Nuts is a breakfast cereal developed in 1897 well uh you know I mean okay by C. W. Post, a patient and later competitor of so like like uh I mean the 19th - century breakfast food innovator, Dr. John Harvey Kellogg.
866.txt: Desprez is also known as a designer and maker well I mean well okay I mean of embroidery for purses, a 'Maistre Boursier,' and was recorded working in Paris between 1556 and 1580.
4845.txt: Volvo launched the V40 Cross Country in India in June so so I mean okay you know 2013, and is priced at Rs. 28. 5 lakh.
3626.txt: The Amphictyonic League gradually declined and in the I mean like uh like uh 2nd century A. D. It was replaced by the like um um well well Panhellenion, established by the Roman emperor Hadrian, the see of which was, hoowever, in Athens, the emperor's favourite city.
4992.txt: Zane is a member of the general partner of Armada I mean so I mean okay I mean Enterprises LP, which has various investments in media & entertainment, energy, real estate, maritime, and aerospace.
4578.txt: They do this in order to bail their friend Kenny you know um well well okay out of jail for $ 100, 000 after he like well okay well you know accidentally kills Buttercup, a diabetic police horse, by feeding it junk food.
4202.txt: The music atmosphere of the 1970s was heavily influenced by uh uh I mean okay I mean its success and sexual content, as its sexual - explicitness like uh um like I mean bended creative barriers in the music industry and led to okay you know um so I mean an increased popularity of sexual themes in music at the time.
2098.txt: In the opening weeks of the First World War the uh like you know like so powerful radio transmitters using the tower were used to jam German well so you know uh well communications, seriously hindering their advance on Paris and contributing like uh I mean like okay to the Allied victory at the First Battle of the Marne.
531.txt: Bath Stone has been used extensively as a building material um like like so I mean throughout southern England, for churches, houses, and public buildings such as railway stations.
848.txt: Demerara is a region in South America that began you know okay you know well so as a Dutch colony, then was captured by the British in 1796 and was ceded to the UK in 1814.
901.txt: Dr. Abdul Ghaffar Javeri was the one of Doctor okay uh so like um who also migrate to Karachi - Pakistan, his clinic was at ACHI QABAR, beside the Boulton Market.
388.txt: AntarDhvani's music is an organic mix of elements like like I mean so you know from east and west, it has traces of western sound well like well you know uh like Rock, Jazz, Blues as well as Indian sound ranging from Sargam, Alaap and Dhrupad based Tarana.
2308.txt: It was there that Taccone began his partnership with Tony uh okay okay I mean well Kushner, who he commissioned to write what so you know um I mean okay Kushner thought would be a short chamber piece called 'Angels in America'.
4480.txt: The year 1886 is regarded as the birth year of the I mean I mean well well okay modern car, when German inventor Karl Benz built his Benz Patent - Motorwagen.
3905.txt: The area is also home to the first serious um well uh I mean um clash of arms between Māori and the British settlers like okay like well well after the signing of the Treaty of Waitangi, which occured in what is now the village of Tuamarina.
1184.txt: Garter compression springs act against forces from the center, okay you know uh like uh so they may be placed on the outside of a circular object to maintain the object's circular shape.
1549.txt: He was not a candidate for renomination in 1896 so I mean um like you know and engaged in farming and stock raising in Jones County.
3912.txt: The backbone of 'Spah' (middle - persian okay okay I mean you know like army) in the Sassanid era was their heavy armoured cavalry you know okay you know you know well. These heavily armoured cavalry were noblemen in which they so well you know okay uh underwent extensive exercises in warfare and military manoeuvres you know uh well well I mean through military training, gaining discipline and becoming truly elite soldiers.
792.txt: Construction of field started 22 September; flying began, 15 December 1917.
167.txt: According to the current Constitution, the President is elected direct popular election for a term of five years.
283.txt: Alexander Henry Haliday was born at Clifden, Holywood, a small like well um you know you know seaside town in County Down, Ireland on 21 November so uh uh uh I mean 1806, the eldest child of Dr William Haliday (1763 - 1836) and Marion Webster.
4905.txt: While attending college, she had two serious boyfriends, so like well well well but later stated that she was a virgin who had never taken IV drugs or received a blood transfusion.
2631.txt: Many parents felt pressured in community based programs to take responsibility uh so so like okay and pull their kids out of the activity well I mean like you know okay if anything went wrong, these kids were then looked you know well you know I mean like at as jeopardizing the integrity of the program they were involved in.
850.txt: Den agrees, and infiltrates the Queen's palace, but is okay okay I mean um like promptly caught by the Queen, who offers leniency if he has sex with her.
3326.txt: She began to paint before her first birthday, and her first like you know so you know you know solo exhibition opened in New York City in June 2011, when she was four years old.
1348.txt: He graduated from Provo High School in 1974, where his major interests were drama, music and Air Force JROTC.
502.txt: At the very end of the Horus Heresy, half of uh okay like you know so the Legion rebelled against the Emperor under the command of well like well I mean I mean Luther, a high ranking commander and Lion's own foster father.
1246.txt: Grout is generally composed of a mixture of water, I mean um you know um like cement, sand and fine gravel and sometimes color tint which is um so I mean you know uh applied as a thick liquid and hardens over time, much like mortar.
881.txt: Do Bong - soon (Park Bo - young) is well you know well like okay a young pretty woman born with superhuman strength, she breaks everything she touches if she's not careful.
2170.txt: It caused three deaths, widespread power outages, and wind damage you know okay okay uh okay and significant snowfall, primarily France and Germany, but also in the Benelux states, Austria and Switzerland.
1006.txt: Emilio Mario R. Osmeña also known as Lito Osmeña, okay uh um um uh is the founder and chairman of PROMDI Party (Progressive Movement for you know so like so so the Devolution of Initiatives) where he ran for um you know I mean I mean like the position of President in the 1998 elections but lost to Joseph Estrada.
1884.txt: In 2005, the Pine Tree Conservation Society donated an like so okay you know like adjacent to the Gardens, thereby extending the area to and the waterfront to nearly.
2966.txt: One of the first Puerto Rican entertainers to achieve I mean well um okay uh world - wide fame was Antonio Paoli, an uh you know so okay okay opera singer, known as 'The King of Tenors' and as 'The Tenor of Kings'.
1410.txt: He is perennially under investigation by his superiors, but the I mean I mean okay so so Machiavellian Mackey always eludes them; also, on occasions they turn a you know so well so uh blind eye to his tactics when they need him to crack a high - profile case.
3957.txt: The close of the Varaždin Touristic Season is brought down you know like uh so like by the annual Špancir Festival which begins at the end of August and ends in September (lasts for 10 days).
272.txt: Agassiz railway station in Agassiz, British Columbia, Canada, is um uh you know uh I mean served by Via Rail's The Canadian three times per week as a flag stop (48 hours advance notice required).
148.txt: Accommodation at the prison comprises a mixture of single and um uh um um okay double accommodation cells contained on 3 wings, and a further like so you know so uh residential unit of single cell accommodation which is used as an Induction Unit for newly arrived prisoners.
235.txt: After receiving his doctorate, he worked at the well um um you know okay Berlin Charité, and subsequently became an assistant at the uh so okay like okay department for the mentally ill under Wilhelm Griesinger (1817 - 1868) and Karl Wilhelm Ideler (1795 - 1860).
3819.txt: The Rialto Police Department currently has 143 employees; okay I mean you know you know like including 103 sworn police officers and 40 civilian I mean um like I mean so employees, servicing 28 square miles, with a population of 101, 910 (2013).
1021.txt: Eton Institute Ltd is an international language - learning institute with uh well like I mean you know a website service designed so that users can learn languages like well okay okay uh online in an interactive mobile learning space or in a classroom setting.
1635.txt: His father was probably Roger Burnell, who died in about so you know so okay um 1259, and he had three brothers, two of I mean you know uh uh okay whom died fighting the Welsh (at the Battle of okay well you know uh I mean Moel - y - don) in 1282; the third, Hugh, died in 1286.
1591.txt: Her childhood was spent in luxury and splendor in the um uh uh so like large palaces and country estates owned by the Romanovs okay um you know uh so like the Catherine and the Alexander palaces in Tsarskoye Selo and Peterhof, a large complex on the Gulf of Finland.
754.txt: Chucky meets John Simonsen (Raymond Oliver) his voodoo instructor when he you know I mean well I mean well was younger, and asks why his gunshot wound bled, since he should not bleed.
621.txt: Both are loosely based on the novel and similarly like so okay you know okay - named movies, 'The Swiss Family Robinson', and uh well uh so um a comic series called 'Swiss Family Rollinson' did appear in the British comic 'Knockout' in 1954.
1381.txt: He hopes to accomplish this by discovering methods of well like uh um so solving 'thinking games': in his graduate work, he revealed solutions for Connect Four, Qubic, and Gomoku.
1987.txt: In a running gag in seasons 1 - so well so okay um 4, Jackie freaked out when in crises, pacing while I mean like you know I mean uh trying to figure out a solution, saying' Make room, I got ta pace!.
4308.txt: The publicity department at the studio suggested that um um okay you know like Priscilla and Morris be seen together around town; they liked um uh so okay so each other and did date for a period; however, Priscilla later said it was never serious on either side.
4080.txt: The following is a list of episodes of the okay okay you know uh so 2009 - 2010 American sci - fi television series well well well uh like 'FlashForward', based on the 1999 novel 'Flashforward' by science fiction writer Robert J. Sawyer.
3298.txt: Seth Tuttle (born September 5, 1992) is an American college um well okay like uh basketball player who completed his All - American college career the University of Northern Iowa (UNI).
898.txt: Dowell Loggains (born October 1, 1980) served as uh well I mean well you know Offensive Coordinator for the Tennessee Titans from 2012 - 2013 as a part of Mike Munchak coaching staff.
4561.txt: They are also considered great family pets because of their high like well I mean so so energy and compatibility with kids. They are very playful and they need very much excersise.
1075.txt: Flashlights used for extended periods every day may be more I mean okay I mean so you know economically operated on rechargeable (secondary) batteries. Fleshlights designed for rechargeable batteries well like I mean um uh may allow charging without removing the batteries; for like like so uh I mean example, a light kept in a vehicle may be trickle - charged and always ready when needed.
4729.txt: Together with her childhood friend Zenkichi Hitoyoshi, Medaka addresses these okay like um so you know requests in an episodic manner; during the course of the okay uh so uh well story Kouki Akune and Mogana Kikaijima join the Student Council.
2663.txt: Matthew David Bates (born 10 December 1986) is an English I mean uh uh okay so professional football player and currently plays for Bristol City, uh you know well well well on a short term deal, following the expiry of his contract at Middlesbrough on July 1, 2012.
616.txt: Born the 15 of August of 1901 in the City of okay like well okay um Penonomé, in the district of los Forasteros of the well like okay so well community of San Juan, Province of Coclé, to one of the main families of the country.
1550.txt: He was one of 4 new loanee's that featured in well I mean um like so the 5 - 0 thumping over Hartlepool however Gary was awarded with the Sponsors Man of the Match.
746.txt: Chopra was born in Jamshedpur to parents who were both physicians like you know you know so like in the Indian Army, causing the family to move frequently during her childhood, but she considers Bareilly her real home.
2742.txt: Moreover, at the time the city had few entertainment and you know I mean okay okay like sports facilities, so the major demonstrated the interest to uh um okay uh like establish a sports center to replace the original project of a zoo.
2138.txt: Initially escort carriers accompanied merchant ships and fended um I mean so you know um off attacks from aircraft and submarines; later in the so um like well okay war, escort carriers were part of hunter - killer um um like you know um groups that sought out submarines instead of being attached to a particular convoy.
561.txt: Benjamin, using his GI Bill benefits, went back to school okay um I mean I mean you know at Lake Washington Institute of Technology in Redmond and graduated so so okay you know so with a Associate of Science degree in Engineering Graphics in June 2003.
4897.txt: While 'Aces High' is a combat flight simulator, there um like so I mean so is also a community to ght where they all fly together to complete a goal.
1349.txt: He graduated from Texas A&M University in College Station like I mean well um um in 1954 with a degree in animal husbandry and um um um okay like then, as had his father during World War I, served in the U. S. Army.
4980.txt: Yeshivat Sha'alvim is a hesder yeshiva, a kollel and a I mean well I mean you know uh yeshiva high school for boys, located in Kibbutz Sha'alvim it so okay I mean I mean well is known for being the school that photographer and cinematographer Zvi Moss attended.
73.txt: A flat, low - lying, sandy plain is mapped as um okay uh um okay Bunge Land (Бунге Земля), It connects Faddeyevsky and Kotelny islands and ties you know so like like okay them together into a single geographical whole, one of the 50 largest islands in the world.
2732.txt: Mondays to Fridays at 5: 15pm and Saturdays at 5: 05pm from 3 October 1988 to 10 February 1989.
1004.txt: Emergency Assist will attempt to reactivate the driver after I mean I mean like well you know steering feedback hasn't been detected for a period of time and will also transmit warning signals to its nearby surroundings.
3284.txt: Selection of the appropriate round (s) is usually you know so uh well so made before the start of the quiz and made be available okay uh um so so on all rounds or certain round (s) may be specifically excluded (usually the first).
3955.txt: The city is well known for its parks and recreational like you know uh uh um facilities including the Eleanor London Côte Saint - well um you know okay uh Luc Public Library, one of few libraries in North America that is open every day of the year.
1422.txt: He joined the army of Shivaji Maharaj in 1656 okay um uh I mean uh after the fall of More Kingdom to Bhosales and so so um well um very soon he became Loyal Sardar of Maharaj so he awarded Killedari of Puranadar.
2967.txt: One of the premium hiking trails in the Waterton Lakes well uh well I mean like National Park, Alberta, Canada, the 8 - hour - return like so um uh so Crypt Lake trail is accessed by a dedicated ferry service operating from the Waterton Park Townsite.
1940.txt: In February 1554, Jane's father, who had been released, was like well well so like one of the rebel leaders in Wyatt's rebellion, and on 12 February, Mary had Jane, then aged 16, and her husband beheaded.
725.txt: Chalmers was born in Beith and started his career with Rutherglen Glencairn before turning professional with Rangers.
2772.txt: Mundhanai Mudichu (English: Saree Knot) is a 1983 so you know um you know uh Tamil film is directed by K. Bhagyaraj starring himself along with Urvasi in the lead roles.
264.txt: After the war, the L class were involved in trials well I mean I mean well uh of new torpedoes and hydrophone equipment on both the um like I mean uh like east and west coasts before decommissioning in 1922 and I mean uh well well I mean 1923 and were used in the US scrapping quota in 1933 under the London Naval Treaty limiting naval armament.
4672.txt: Thomas Fitch (January 27, 1838 -- November 12, 1901) um you know um I mean well represented President Brigham Young of the Church of Latter um um so okay well - day Saints and other church leaders when Young uh uh so you know okay and his denomination were prosecuted for polygamy in 1871 and 1872.
3533.txt: Summer is warm and relatively dry, with August being I mean like um I mean you know the warmest month, with an average high and low of and respectively.
891.txt: Domo joined Odd Future because he was very good okay um okay well uh friends with Rolling Papers was released on August 30, 2010.
1014.txt: Ericsson designed the USS 'Monitor' in 1861, its most prominent so like um well um feature being a large cylindrical gun turret mounted amidships above the low - freeboard upper hull, also called the 'raft'.
3186.txt: Risk factors for thromboembolism, the major cause of well you know you know well well arterial embolism, include disturbed blood flow (such as in so okay you know well so atrial fibrillation and mitral stenosis), injury or damage like so um you know like to an artery wall, and hypercoagulability (such as increased platelet count).
2387.txt: John de Courcy, 35th Baron Kingsale, (27 January 1941 -- you know well you know um I mean 15 September 2005), succeeded his grandfather to the title in you know so well I mean um 1969, his father, Lieutenant - Commander The Honourable I mean like you know uh so Michael de Courcy, RN, having being killed in action in 1940.
2182.txt: It examines the science, psychology, and sociology of criminal behavior, and profiles of villains, victims and detectives.
4911.txt: While living in São Paulo he fell in love with Sonia, uh you know uh um like a beautiful young girl, who is engaged to Mark's cousin okay so like well um Camilo, who worked at the industrial plant Golden Crystals, which was owned by the millionaire Clovis Moura.
2767.txt: Much of her design was also re-used for the well I mean well okay uh 'Street Fighter' series 'popular character Ibuki (who, incidentally, has a fellow like I mean I mean um um ninja classmate and friend named Sarai Kurosawa) and she also resembles Simone from Capcom's and Psikyo's 'Cannon Spike'.
4062.txt: The first collective Mitki exhibition in 1984 in like I mean like I mean you know St. Petersburg was raided by police but after Glasnost uh okay so well um the group's work became accepted and was soon shown beyond St. Petersburg.
3609.txt: The 2014 NFL season the 95th regular season of the so uh well okay I mean National Football League is tentatively set to begin Thursday, you know okay well like so September 4, 2014, with the defending Super Bowl champions (Denver Broncos or Seattle Seahawks) hosting in the annual kickoff game.
924.txt: During Kitty's vacation, Cormac drives up to her cabin okay uh well I mean uh with an injured Ben and tells Kitty that he had called Ben to help him with a werewolf hunt.
2823.txt: Nimfa was forced to take part of a devilish plan uh well um you know well to fool the Saavedra family as Rosette planned all this to be with Jeremy forever.
3953.txt: The city has museums of many types, housing cultural treasures uh um okay um um of Mexico's history since ancient times, the most notable of which you know like you know um you know is the National Museum of Anthropology and History, located in Chapultepec Park.
1934.txt: In Canada, Senator Nancy Ruth had previously dropped her family well you know you know you know okay name of Jackman, using both of her remaining names together as well you know um um uh a mononym instead of using 'Ruth' as a family name.
3062.txt: Peter Jenkins (11 May, 1934 - 27 May, 1992) was a British journalist for 'The Guardian' and 'The Independent'.
3685.txt: The DBTI Tarlac Batch 1988 comprised of 147 students who uh well uh I mean you know graduated from high school on the 40th Commencement Exercises on March 27, 1988.
2726.txt: Modern beavers have chisel - like incisor teeth for gnawing like I mean uh you know well on wood, while the teeth of the giant beaver were bigger like you know um so well and broader, and grew to about 15 cm (6 in) long.
3106.txt: Prince Salman is reported to arbitrate disputes among the members I mean so so um so of the royal family which, along with the governorship uh so like well like of Saudi Arabia's capital city, and a reputation for so okay well okay okay fairness and competence, has propelled him to be amongst the Kingdom's most powerful royals.
919.txt: Due to this, she could only show platonic love so you know okay you know well to Hardin, which in turn shatters his heart and later I mean okay okay so well turned over the dark side, therefore she blamed herself for Hardin's fall to darkness.
1557.txt: He was raised by her parents, Lela and Turner Williams, and left home by age 14.
2363.txt: Jeremiah was transferred to Ft. Russell, Wyoming in 1875; by this time, Porter's health started to deteriorate.
347.txt: An 'agent' is any person employed by or acting you know um I mean I mean okay for another, and the 'principal' is the person he is employed by or acting for.
1943.txt: In February 2007, Whedon departed from the project due to like you know I mean I mean well script differences with the studio, and the um so I mean well okay director reiterated, ' I never had an actress picked out, or even a consistant (sic) front - runner.
124.txt: A transfer to HMS Levant (1758) in February 1772 until like uh like well you know she returned to Spithead in 1775 giving an opportunity to take his examination for Lieutenant.
2358.txt: Jeffery & Cole Casserole is an American sketch comedy program uh you know so well okay starring Jeffery Self and Cole Escola, that debuted on Logo on June 19, 2009.
3783.txt: The Mode can only be activated over a special cable, or in some cases over infrared.
1240.txt: Gray was elected to the Christchurch City Council in 1885, I mean uh you know okay well and was Mayor of Christchurch in 1891 to 1992, and again in 1904 to 1905.
4660.txt: This upgrade will reduce cost and increase flexibility, since any okay so I mean I mean like manufactured CBC can be configured for zero to four I mean okay like so you know solid boosters, but the standardized CBC will necessitate a slight performance loss for most medium configurations.
305.txt: Almost all of the functionality in the editor can be okay uh uh so uh reconfigured using Emacs Lisp, a simple and easy to so okay I mean well okay learn language, changes to the Lisp code do not require the editor to be restarted or recompiled.
3.txt: 'New York Mining Disaster 1941' was the second EP um um well so you know released by the Bee Gees in 1967 on the Spin Records, okay so well well uh like their first EP, it was released only in Australia.
4643.txt: This prayer is originally from a longer prayer of the um like well well well 15th century and was popularized in the 17th century by Fr. Claude Bernard, who learned it from his father.
2487.txt: La Calle is a port town in this province.
1267.txt: Hals studied under another Flemish - émigré, okay uh um so you know Karel van Mander (1548 -- 1606), whose Mannerist influence, however, is not noticeably visible in his work.
4487.txt: Their inaugural season was successful, finishing 4 - 2 I mean well well like uh on the regular season and earning a berth like um like you know uh in the Championship Game, where the Fox lost to okay I mean so you know you know the Jacksonville Dixie Blues by a score of 49 - 6.
2004.txt: In an interview with 'Futaa' in February 2014, Dufourg attributed um uh um um so his outspokenness to his dismissal from FC Talanta, and okay like well like okay gave his stance on players cheating their ages in Kenya.
4090.txt: The former appeared for several clubs in the you know you know uh like well second tier, whilst the latter competed with Real Unión so uh so um you know in the top level; his uncle, Román, played as a midfielder.
2411.txt: Julio Álvarez Mosquera (born May 1, 1981 in Caracas) is a like you know so uh so Venezuelan - Spanish professional footballer who currently plays for well so like um you know CD Tenerife in the Spanish second division, mainly as an attacking midfielder.
4733.txt: Tom Wheeler is an American television writer and I mean you know um I mean uh producer currently serving as executive producer and show runner for the NBC superhero series 'The Cape'.
1784.txt: In 1846, Bolckow and Vaughan built their first blast furnaces like um like uh you know at Witton, using local coal to make coke, and ironstone from Whitby on the coast.
1977.txt: In October 2011, DVD Rare released the entire 4 okay okay okay um okay seasons of the show, with all 78 episodes on twelve discs.
4485.txt: Their debut release is entitled 'Ways Not To uh so well like I mean Lose'; it was recorded at Allaire Studios in Shokan, well like you know okay well NY in September of 2005 and was produced by John Medeski.
3011.txt: Overcollecting is a major threat to the survival of 'P like okay I mean like okay. Kovachii' in the wild as it was found that I mean well so so like one locality of 'P. Kovachii' was depleted of plants, possibly even before the scientific publication in Selbyana.
4225.txt: The next year, they traded a 1984 draft pick you know uh uh okay I mean to the Portland Trail Blazers for center Tom Owens, who played one year for the Pacers with little impact.
4262.txt: The painting was presented by him to President Kennedy in so okay you know uh you know 1963, through a letter, acknowledged the young so okay well I mean so artist with personal thanks and appreciation conveyed from the White House through his personal secretary Ms Evelyn Lincoln.
2137.txt: Initially, Quick was a free daily paper that contained like you know well you know you know 'quick hits' of the daily top news stories, weather and sports.
639.txt: Brown was offered a new contract at the end of well I mean so you know okay the 2013 - 2014 season, after being with Cheltenham for well like so you know so 10 years, however he opted to sign for Scottish club Aberdeen FC in May 2014.
619.txt: Bosvil has a primary and secondary school, with a district school in Muri and a Cantonal school in Wohlen.
4921.txt: White ihram clothing is intended to make everyone appear you know you know okay um like the same, by God there is no difference so like so well well between a prince and a pauper when everyone is dressed equally.
4335.txt: The school doesn't offer Math classes, however some Science, History, and English classes are offered.
1798.txt: In 1911 he moved to Little Rock, Arkansas and invested uh like I mean okay okay in real estate on the north side of the Arkansas River.
3041.txt: Past NY 31, NY 98 crosses over the Erie well okay okay okay okay Canal and enters the town of Gaines before exiting the Albion village limits.
1383.txt: He immigrated to the United States in 1852, like so I mean like uh in response to a request from Lars Paul Esbjörn for help with the Swedish Lutheran mission in Illinois.
3933.txt: The building is shaped to project the image of scales well okay well like uh of justice with its centre - beam symbolised by the central like uh well like uh wing of the building comprising the Chief Justice's court, um I mean so uh okay the largest of the courtrooms, with two court halls on either side.
1959.txt: In June 1884, Bastard married Gertrude Littlewood Garrett uh well um so well in West Ham; they had a daughter named Florence Garrett Bastard.
2951.txt: On the opposite side of the road is the well known um um uh so uh Barry Fitch butchers, whose meat is largely reared in the fields around Little Eaton.
751.txt: Christian Cyrus Leben (born July 21, 1980) is a so I mean um so well retired American mixed martial artist who fought for the UFC so you know you know well so as a Middleweight, compiling a record of 12 - 10 in 22 appearances for the organization.
652.txt: Bushings sometimes fail due to partial discharge degradation of the I mean uh well so like insulation over many years of energised service and at well uh well you know um present great interest in the electricity supply industry in monitoring the condition of high voltage bushings.
2882.txt: On 23 July 2016 Barrowman announced that he was in you know you know you know um I mean talks with BBC to get Torchwood back on TV, the announcement um so like so well came just hours after Barrowman's appearance at Comic Con 2016.
4653.txt: This species prefers areas with dense grass, in which it okay okay okay okay so makes navigational trails called runways that resemble a tunnel with a grass covering.
3009.txt: Overall, Niedermayer appeared in 80 games scoring 11 goals and well well okay well I mean 40 points and was named to the NHL All - Rookie Team on defence.
2540.txt: Lewis' mother, Elizabeth, is played by Hattie Morahan and his uh like so I mean okay father, Gilbert, by Greg Wise; the part of his step - mother Alice is acted by Jessica Brown Findlay.
4865.txt: Western saddles are more difficult to adjust, though use of well like you know um like shims and padding can compensate for some changes, and like like so okay okay the lessen pressure per square inch of surface area is a bit more forgiving.
1289.txt: He accompanied his father to Peru when he was appointed I mean like I mean I mean uh president of the Royal Audiencia of Charcas, and after his okay like you know okay you know death he was appointed mayor of Oropeza and the valley of Cochabamba.
1361.txt: He has also written a contemporary baseball novel called 'Sometimes You well I mean I mean I mean uh See it Coming', a graphic novel called 'Luna Park', and so like so I mean so he was the chief historical researcher on Harold Evans's illustrated history of the United States, 'The American Century'.
4290.txt: The premise of 'DC Challenge' was that each chapter would I mean uh like uh I mean be written by a different author and illustrated by a different artist; no consultation between authors was permitted.
713.txt: Castelão was completed in 1982 and was okay like like so um inaugurated on February 5 of that year, when the Brazil national team beat the Portugal national team 3 - 1.
3200.txt: Rocha was born in Toronto, Ontario, and moved to Richmond, British Columbia at a very young age.
1214.txt: Glenda tells Angel she has a surprise for I mean uh um you know uh him and then Luli to get the stuffed animal out of the car.
2691.txt: Merrell Quentin Sharpe (January 11, 1888 -- January 22, like like okay um so 1962) was a Republican American politician from Kennebec, South Dakota, I mean you know like okay so Attorney General of South Dakota from 1929 through 1933, and Governor of South Dakota from 1943 through 1947.
3943.txt: The cecum is a pouchlike structure of the colon, located at well well okay you know I mean the junction of the small intestine and the large intestine.
3611.txt: The 311th Human Systems Wing was a group of okay I mean like so okay the United States Air Force based out of the okay okay so so well now - closed Brooks City - Base in San Antonio, Texas.
1677.txt: Hollingbery Fieldhouse at Washington State University, a facility serving many different I mean uh okay I mean you know sports, was built in 1929 and renamed for the coach in 1963.
2438.txt: Kenneth Dennis Molloy was a notably well - known and you know uh okay you know well popular personality among the residents of his hometown, respected for like like um uh you know his exploits as an All - American athlete you know okay I mean uh you know and a judge on the New York State Supreme Court, and admired for his general affability.
3074.txt: Photographers can compensate for this by increasing the exposure okay I mean like I mean so time, using a photographic film with a higher I mean um well um um ISO rating, or, in digital cameras, increasing the light sensitivity of the sensor.
3429.txt: Since the original writing of the scriptures, huge volumes um okay like okay you know of copies have been made of the originals, which are no um uh I mean you know like longer extant, and copies have been made of those copies, resulting in several text types.
643.txt: Build 4083 (build date of May 16, 2004) - um you know like I mean okay Leaked on November 10, 2004, and was the last leaked XP - based build.
2384.txt: John Rising (1756 -- 1815) was an English portrait and I mean um like uh well subject painter, had a large practice in London, and was so so okay um um a regular exhibitor at the Royal Academy from 1785 until his death.
1634.txt: His father was a Police officer in The you know um well well so Metropolitan Police Service and it was him who encouraged Goodwin well um well you know like to learn the piano from an early age uh so you know um like which would eventually lead to him studying the trumpet in London at the Guildhall School of Music.
4041.txt: The film American Beauty borrows several themes from the novel, um so okay like you know including the murder of its protagonist shortly after well like okay you know okay a moment of enlightenment, by an acquaintance who mistakes him for having a relationship with his son.
787.txt: Considered a unique example for the evolution of you know like like well okay architecture during the nineteenth century in the city, like okay like well okay the lighthouse was constructed by François Coignet in 1869 so uh uh well um one week before the inauguration of the Suez um well you know I mean I mean canal to guide the ships passing in the canal.
782.txt: Colonel the Hon. George Hysteron - Proteron (c. 18741942) is a you know okay well um I mean fictional character created by the author J. K. Stanford, um so I mean okay I mean a British soldier, sporting gun, and Lord of the manor of Five Mile Wallop, Cambridgeshire.
4894.txt: When they find Manson, Peter punches him in uh uh okay uh okay the face and Lois accuses him for destroying their son with his songs.
3883.txt: The World Chicken Festival is an annual event held you know I mean I mean um okay in downtown London, Kentucky, in Laurel County, on the last weekend in September.
2831.txt: No special Wiki knowledge is required to participate, just a love of Greenwich Village!.
1028.txt: Eventually Swanson became a White House photographer for um so you know you know I mean 'Life' and remained there working for such magazines as 'Fortune', 'People', and 'Time'.
1491.txt: He sold the album online through his site and Myspace, um well you know I mean so as well as during live shows he was playing in small venues around Southampton and Bath.
2272.txt: It was announced at E3 2007 that Sucker Punch was working well so you know okay well on a PlayStation 3 title called 'inFamous', a sandbox um um so okay so game based on a futuristic world with more photorealistic graphics, about a so I mean um uh okay superhuman who must make moral choices to save or destroy Empire City.
4954.txt: With this discovery, Cassel changes the white cat back okay uh uh like um into Lila, and the two plan to reunite her with okay so I mean like like her father and allow her to take well okay I mean I mean like back her place as heir by revealing a plan Anton has of killing her father and running the family himself.
1458.txt: He played his first pro season with their Class I mean so okay well um A Anderson Braves in 1980, and his last with the so okay I mean uh uh New York Yankees' Double - A Albany I mean uh so well um - Colonie Yankees and Triple - A Columbus Clippers in 1986.
267.txt: After the weakening of the Byzantine Empire and so um you know like like the Bulgarian Empire in the middle and late 13th uh you know you know uh well century, most of the territory of present - day Albania I mean well you know you know so became part of the Serbian state: firstly, as um okay um um um part of Rashka and later as part of the Serbian Empire.
4023.txt: The ex-King Charles of Sweden got to know her during his well uh um well uh exile in Finland 1457 - 1464, and when he returned to I mean well so you know okay Sweden and reclaimed the Swedish throne in 1464, she followed him there as royal mistress.
3233.txt: Ryegrasses contain some species which are important grasses for both uh well uh um so lawns and as animal fodder, but also some weeds that okay well uh so I mean can have a severe impact on the production of wheat and other crops.
2941.txt: On the August 23 episode of 'SmackDown Live', um uh you know you know uh the WWE SmackDown Tag Team Championship was unveiled, and okay so you know you know well a tournament to crown the inaugural champions was then set up, with the tournament's final scheduled for Backlash.
2273.txt: It was at this juncture that Hazlitt met Samuel um um um you know like Taylor Coleridge and the encounter, a life - changing event was like um like like well subsequently to exercise a profound influence on his um you know well so okay writing career that, in retrospect, Hazlitt regarded as greater than any other.
1161.txt: Funeka Soldaat is a lesbian community activist from South Africa, um uh so well so who works with the Triangle Project and is a founder like like um I mean so of Khayelitsha - based lesbian advocacy group Free Gender.
2531.txt: Leonard Porter Ayres (1879 -- 1946) was an okay okay I mean you know okay American educator, born at Niantic, Conn. He received his I mean okay um okay so college and graduate training at Boston, Harvard, and Columbia universities.
4712.txt: To engage the four - wheel - drive system okay okay well uh so the vehicle must be moving at a slow uh okay like well I mean speed less than 30 miles per hour, this is only for the four - wheel - drive high setting.
4609.txt: This actually tends to make Jughead a bit okay um you know well okay jealous, and she has even been on one memorable date with Archie in one story.
1359.txt: He had two seasons with the Powell River Kings, where okay uh well so I mean he played alongside his older brother, Paul and he had one season with the Surrey Eagles.
940.txt: During the 1980s, he had a 1963 -- 64 black Fender um so okay so I mean Stratocaster, called his 'trouble guitar', fitted with a Floyd Rose floating tremolo and a Bill Lawrence L90 pickup.
9.txt: 'Chalayil mahavishnu kshetram' is a famous Vishnu temple you know uh you know well like situated in Mattanur is one of the rare temples for worshiping Narasimha avathara of lord Vishnu.
1173.txt: Galata, ridden by Arnull, was made the 1/3 betting favourite, uh so well you know you know quickly opened up a lead of a hundred yards over her older rival, and won without being challenged.
3690.txt: The Denali Borough is a borough located in the so okay well like I mean U. S. State of Alaska and was incorporated in 1990.
1840.txt: In 1978, with his wife, actress / director Susan uh so uh okay well Williamson, whom he married in 1965, Woolf moved to Canada, eventually settling in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, where they currently reside.
4145.txt: The label was initially intended only to release 12' singles, okay you know well um um however as Lex approached artists to contribute material for EPs most artists offered a full album of material.
2674.txt: Meanwhile, plans were still made to offer the uh uh so well you know sale of bonds, with the first issue planned to be around I mean I mean I mean you know um $ 20 million; the smaller planned bond issue was due to the grant issued by the WPA.
3461.txt: Some effort has been expended in an attempt to uh I mean I mean um okay factor these numbers, but much remains unknown about you know okay so well like their factorization; for instance, it's not known if all numbers in the sequence are squarefree, although all the known terms are.
3558.txt: Tallman and his wife, Kristen, raise rodeo stock on well um I mean um you know their ranch at Poolville near Weatherford in Parker County, I mean like okay so like Texas, assisted by their daughter and son - in - law, Nicole and Daniel Pennell.
208.txt: After attending the College du Plessis in Paris, he seems to okay okay um like so have acquired a vocational interest in becoming a clergyman, but you know um okay you know so after studying theology in the Jansenist schools for some years, his interests turned away from the Church.
3238.txt: SS 'Lane Victory' is a Second World War Victory you know uh well like you know ship which is preserved as a museum ship in the San Pedro area of Los Angeles, California.
55.txt: A Michelin 3 - star sushi restaurant in Ginza, like you know you know you know you know Chūō, Tokyo, Japan that is owned and operated by sushi master Jiro Ono.
392.txt: Approaching the age of sixty, during the ensuing okay okay okay uh so two decades Walker appeared infrequently in minor roles but still maintained so okay okay um uh a loyal following from his Cheyenne days and is a popular guest star at Western film festivals and the like.
2133.txt: Inez's parents agree with Gil when he tells her okay uh I mean okay you know that they are not right for each other, prompting Inez's so um I mean so uh father to confess that he had Gil followed, though the detective mysteriously disappeared.
1315.txt: He cofounded Digifaktory as the first and foremost 360 degree well so I mean you know so cinema marketing company in Malayalam in the year 2014 and well well okay uh you know handles 100 % marketing of films like Monsoon mangoes, Action hero biju and Leela.
2630.txt: Many of the novels were adapted for the like uh well I mean so CBS television series 'Perry Mason' (1957 -- 66); details like you know okay okay uh are available at the list of episodes for the TV series.
2346.txt: Jamison attended The Bolles School in Jacksonville, Florida, where he was teammates with John Theus.
2866.txt: Oliver Joseph St John Gogarty (17 August 1878 -- okay you know I mean you know well 22 September 1957) was an Irish poet, author, otolaryngologist, athlete, you know you know well so I mean politician, and well - known conversationalist, who served as the inspiration for Buck Mulligan in James Joyce's novel 'Ulysses'.
4072.txt: The first such contract was one to rebuild 18 so well uh okay well PCC streetcars for Route 15 in Philadelphia, and later like you know like um well work has included restoring PCC cars for use on San so you know um like like Francisco Municipal Railway's F Market & Wharves line you know you know you know I mean I mean and manufacturing replicas of 1923 Perley Thomas streetcars for New Orleans.
2852.txt: Nykesha Simone Sales (born May 10, 1976) is a former I mean so uh so okay professional basketball player in the WNBA, she most well like well okay uh recently played in the Bosnian league for the ZKK Mladi Krajisnik club.
3580.txt: The 'Aabhidhan Rajendra Kosh' written by Acharya Rajendrasuri, is only one uh I mean okay like um available Jain encyclopedia to understand the Jain Prakrit, Sanskrit, Ardha - Magadhi and other Jain languages words.
2536.txt: Leukocytes in the vicinity of damaged tissue are attracted to okay you know okay uh so it by the capture process, and briefly adhere to the venular endothelium (inner cellular lining of veins).
1770.txt: In 1145, Geoffroy II de Lèves, Bishop of Chartres, excommunicated Geoffrey, but I mean uh um I mean uh on his deathbed, he became a monk at Tiron well so um so um Sainte - Trinité (see Tironensian Order), making peace with the abbey and therefore the bishop.
1518.txt: He was a typical old Manchuria officer, honest and kind, but he hated everything about foreign countries.
4084.txt: The following short recitative asks in a dissonant and dramatic way, you know like I mean I mean like like a lost sheep for its shepherd: ' (Where can I find you? Ah, where are you hidden?).
690.txt: Camp Stanley is slated to close by 2016, in line with I mean so well I mean well the ongoing draw - down and realignment of American forces in South Korea.
4009.txt: The earliest signs of human habitation in the area are okay I mean uh uh you know at Dihar -- by about 1000 BC chalcolithic uh you know so you know um people had settled on the north bank of the Dwarakeswar.
613.txt: Born in Wellington, New Zealand, Hawkins is of Māori and uh I mean um well I mean Samoan descent and played rugby union until he was 14 you know I mean uh like you know - years - old, then making a switch to I mean uh well uh I mean rugby league with the Randwick Kingfishers, before being signed by the Canberra Raiders.
431.txt: As a static structure, castles could often be avoided, as their uh like I mean well I mean immediate area of influence was about and their weapons had a short range even early in the age of artillery.
1418.txt: He is well known for his affiliation with the West uh I mean okay okay you know Coast division of Grindtime, participation in Jumpoff's World Rap Championships okay well you know you know I mean in 2007, status as a Youtube celebrity, and position as I mean you know uh you know like the opening act during Epik High's Map the Soul tour.
2816.txt: Nightall was born in Little port, Cambridgeshire, England, on 20 May 1922, the son of Walter and Alice Nightall.
1715.txt: However, it can be difficult to estimate 'K' i uh you know you know okay I mean and 'K' i' accurately from such plots, so it is you know like uh like like advisable to estimate these constants using more reliable nonlinear regression methods, as described above.
1071.txt: First, Ray Charles and Elton John recorded this song as um um I mean um you know a 'duet' in Charles's 2004 posthumous release 'Genius Loves Company;' it was the soul legend's final recorded vocal performance.
649.txt: Burley Griffin Way is a New South Wales state route - designated as State Route 94.
1769.txt: In 1104 the Seljuk Turks invaded Edessa, and you know okay well so like with help from Antioch Count Baldwin met them at the Battle of Harran.
2548.txt: Like its national counterpart, the U. S. Taxpayers Party of Michigan like you know um like okay (USTPM) is a strongly constitutional party, however is committed to the principles of Biblical law.
1530.txt: He was born in New York City (Spanish Harlem, okay um you know like um also known as East Harlem or El Barrio) to Puerto well um like well um Rican parents at the age of ten Jimmy's um um like you know so family moved to Puerto Rico where he grew up and lived most of his youth years.
695.txt: Cape Town (; ) ranks second among the most okay uh I mean like um populous urban areas in South - Africa, after Johannesburg I mean you know well so um and virtually 'ex-aequo' with Durban and the provincial capital and primate city of the Western Cape.
2705.txt: Miguel Angel Galluzzi (Buenos Aires, 1959) is an industrial I mean well like uh you know designer who created the Ducati Monster, which is credited with I mean uh so like um popularizing the naked bike style of motorcycle, as well as saving Ducati by delivering a much - needed sales success.
1090.txt: Following the end of the war, angry crowds burned okay well well I mean okay his books in public in major Norwegian cities and um um um I mean well Hamsun was confined for several months in a psychiatric hospital.
3132.txt: Quincy Watson (Jamie Foxx) is unceremoniously dumped by his fiancée I mean you know like so you know Helen, and pens a 'how to' book on breaking like uh uh okay um up and becomes a best - selling author on the subject.
3019.txt: Padel is the first woman to be elected Professor uh okay I mean so um of Poetry at Oxford, elected on 297 votes in 2009.
3752.txt: The Kamp Store is the Center's Visitor's Center & Museum, a okay I mean well I mean uh converted early 1900s mercantile building listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
1097.txt: For C / EBPα and - β, different sizes of well like so um you know polypeptides can be produced by alternative use of initiation codons due to weak ribosome scanning mechanisms.
3425.txt: Since space and time are unified, the motion um you know like like so through space impacts time: time slows down for the person well like um okay so who is moving but goes faster for the one who so so um I mean well stands still; which implies that the passage of time as we experience it may be just an illusion.
1623.txt: His best known novel was his first, 'Tunes of so you know I mean well okay Glory' (1956), which was turned into a well known film starring Alec Guinness and John Mills.
2035.txt: In inventories of deceased clock makers, lantern clocks okay um uh like I mean usually are simply referred to as 'house clocks', 'chamber clocks' you know you know like so like or just 'clocks', since in 17th century England lantern you know like so like like clocks were almost the only type of domestic clocks that existed.
968.txt: EPs 1991 - 2002 is a 5 - CD you know like well I mean okay box set which contains all 11 EPs released by Autechre well um so um okay between 1991 and 2002 including Autechre's first EP, Cavity Job, presented for the first time on CD.
3801.txt: The Oilers finished the season third in the Smythe you know I mean you know you know like Division, and then were eliminated by Gretzky's Kings in uh like like I mean um the first round of the playoffs in seven games, like like like so you know afterward Sather relinquished his title of head coach but remained general manager of the Oilers.
4361.txt: The sheet music may also indicate the name well okay I mean um so of the lyric - writer, if the lyrics are by a well okay so well okay person other than one of the songwriters or composers so like like like like and the name of the arranger, if the song or piece has been arranged for the publication.
1693.txt: However, McCann was found guilty of the theft like okay so so uh of two computer discs, for which he received a 12 - month conditional discharge.
2127.txt: Independence Heights is a community in Houston, Texas and was originally an incorporated city of its own.
1825.txt: In 1952, Pickering married Ariel Yvonne Thomas, whom he had met uh like well I mean so as an intern pastor in Colorado City, Texas, and okay so like like you know the couple shortly moved to New Kensington, Pennsylvania, where Pickering pastored Maranatha Bible Church.
161.txt: According to sources privy to the development at Scotland you know I mean so like I mean Yard, the information obtained from the SIM of Iftikhar Hussain um like um well uh has brought previously unknown facts and connections into the limelight.
558.txt: Ben is the son of Libby Kennedy and the so uh uh I mean like deceased Drew Kirk and is the step - son of Daniel Fitzgerald.
4038.txt: The figurehead was rescued from the decaying 'Empress I' by you know well well well uh the 'Vancouver Daily Province' newspaper, restored, and mounted on public display in Vancouver's Stanley Park.
4971.txt: Wukang Mansion (aka Normandy Apartment), an apartment building at uh I mean so you know you know the southern end of Wukang Road, on the corner um I mean uh you know like with Huaihai Middle Road, was designed by the Hungarian - uh um okay so um Slovak architect László Hudec (1893 -- 1958) and was completed in 1924.
233.txt: After picking back up the project in 1998 recording you know uh so so well started to begin and guitarist Kurt Ballou joined in okay okay uh okay you know on the project and in 2000 the album 'Rise of the Great Machine' was released through the Undecided label.
4981.txt: Yorke also fought during the Hundred Days and served as so so like so like an aide - de - camp at the Battle of Waterloo in June 1815.
3865.txt: The United States Vice Presidential Museum at the Dan well so I mean like um Quayle Center is located in Huntington, Indiana, one of the towns where former Vice President Dan Quayle grew up.
3199.txt: Roca Partida, means Broken Rock rather than Divide, as in breaking something in several pieces.
712.txt: Cass Tech started off the season on a sour note, you know okay well well you know losing its season opener to highly - ranked Farmington Hills Harrison 43 - 7.
2305.txt: It was the second single from his worldwide hit album, well like uh uh like 'The Marshall Mathers LP' it's also featured on his 2005 album.
4175.txt: The majority of the qualifying occurred at the 2013 um well um I mean well World Figure Skating Championships where countries qualified up to three entries in each discipline.
4116.txt: The hydrogen and helium extracted in the process could also like uh I mean okay I mean be used as fusion reactor fuel, or even assembled into um uh um uh uh additional smaller stars, to improve the efficiency of its use.
4354.txt: The second season premiered on July 7, 2017, and a third season was commissioned in March 2017.
3405.txt: Siddig El Tahir El Fadil El Siddig Abderrahman well you know um you know okay Mohammed Ahmed Abdel Karim El Mahdi (; born 21 November 1965 I mean well uh uh um ) is a Sudanese - born British actor, known by the like well well like you know stage names Siddig El Fadil through the mid- 1990s and Alexander Siddig since.
533.txt: Bauang is a 1st class municipality in the province latest okay okay so well um census, it has a population of 69, 837 people in 12, 298 households.
998.txt: Ellen Radka Toneff (25 June 1952 -- 21 October like um uh uh like 1982) was a Norwegian jazz singer, daughter of the well well uh well well Bulgarian folk singer, pilot and radio technician Toni Toneff, she you know I mean so so I mean was born in Oslo and grew up in Lambertseter and Kolbotn.
369.txt: Anima Pop is an Alternative Pop band formed in Madrid, so like uh like I mean Spain in 2006, Pop under the influence of Post Punk, consisting of Victor Cobos and Carlos Piris, Kike Planelles Manuela Soriano.
4266.txt: The park offers a variety of annual events, okay I mean okay like you know one of the most popular of which is the Starlight Spectacular.
802.txt: Costner was born in Lynwood, California and grew up like I mean um you know so in Compton, California as the youngest of three sons (the middle of whom died at birth).
435.txt: As development progressed, some of the original ideas became um um you know so so too difficult for the small team to complete; originally, the spider sequences so I mean uh like well were to be present near the end of the game, but were later moved to the first part.
2195.txt: It inhabits arid woodland and scrub with spinifex, eucalypts, um um so um uh acacias, etc. 4 to 6 rounded white eggs are laid in a hollow in a eucalypt or desert oak.
2068.txt: In the 1985 film 'Pee - wee's Big Adventure like you know okay well okay 'featured a scene in which Pee - wee Herman knocks over a well well um okay well row of motorcycles, then proceeds to win over the angered you know like like you know like bikers by selecting' Tequila' from the jukebox and comically dancing to it.
1226.txt: Gorse has been used for hedges and windbreaks on the uh well like okay so Canterbury Plains since the 1850s and have a combined length of 300, 000 kilometres.
1528.txt: He was born in 1970, he is son you know like so I mean uh of the late Manuel 'Nonong' Quezon Jr. (1926 um um you know uh uh - 1998) and Lourdes 'Lulu' Casas - Quezon, with his grandson, former President Manuel L. Quezon (1878 - 1944).
4317.txt: The reference Cool compiler is written in C++, built entirely on well okay um you know so public domain tools; it generates code for a MIPS simulator, SPIM.
2793.txt: Navon was born in Jerusalem in 1851, to I mean like um okay so a Sephardi Jewish family which was part of Jerusalem's wealthy Sephardi elite.
577.txt: Big Boi included André 3000 in producing okay you know um so like and co-writing on four tracks from 'Speakerboxxx', while on so okay I mean so um 'The Love Below', the only song featuring a verse by Big Boi is 'Roses'.
1391.txt: He is also the Director of the Division of Policy okay so I mean you know um and Services Research at the Andrus Center, and is the I mean um uh okay uh director of the National Resource Center on Supportive Housing and Home Modification and co-director of the Fall Prevention Center of Excellence.
4838.txt: Vindhayachal, well known for Vindhayavasini temple, a Shakti peeth I mean I mean like like um & also a place fromwhere Indian Standard Time is measured, you know uh okay like um is about 20 km from this place and Sitamarhi is about 15 km (provided you cross the Ganges by boat).
1483.txt: He scored his first goal for United so uh uh so okay in a 2 -- 1 win against Port Vale at well so okay um um Vale Park on 12 March 2011; his goal turned out to be the winner.
437.txt: As for other locations, it is still relatively easy you know uh like I mean uh to locate in the night sky; if one finds Vega, so so like like like Eltanin is the red star just north - northwest of it.
40.txt: 'Too Busy Thinking About My Baby' is a Motown uh so okay uh well song first recorded by The Temptations as a track on their 1966 album 'Gettin' Ready'.
506.txt: Attempting to elude federal agents, Nelson had hid I mean so you know so like out in the isolated piny woods of Lake Geneva, Wisconsin well so you know so like and bolstered by his new found status, Nelson boasted a uh uh uh you know you know plan that could equal John Dillinger's exploits, if not surpass them.
1233.txt: Grant Rohach (born February 5, 1994) is an American football you know um um uh I mean quarterback who played college football for the Iowa State Cyclones and Buffalo Bulls.
1395.txt: He is believed by Muslims and Bahá'ís to well uh like okay you know be a messenger and prophet of God, and by most Muslims to have been the last prophet sent by God for mankind.
2871.txt: On 10 April 2006, he was handed a five uh um I mean so like year jail term and remanded to Jodhpur jail until 13 April when he was granted bail.
2842.txt: Norris claimed that Chipps had threatened his life, and uh um okay um I mean he was hence acquitted on grounds of self - defense.
2124.txt: Income grants are argued to be vastly more efficient in uh you know okay like well extending basic needs to the poor than subsidizing supplies whose uh you know well uh so effectiveness in poverty alleviation is diluted by the non-poor who enjoy the same subsidized prices.
3158.txt: Records of his episcopate are thin, but there are enough okay like I mean okay uh to allow a modest reconstruction of his activities: he presided um well okay you know like over legal disputes, issued a dispensation for an important like so okay you know I mean irregular marriage, attended parliaments, and acted as an envoy of the Scottish crown in England.
3366.txt: She says he can pay her later and calls like um so okay okay it an IOU and offers him a contract to sign and he stamps it with his signet ring.
4752.txt: Trullie released her debut EP, 'Self - Taught Learner', in you know like okay like like February 2009 on American Myth Recordings, whose cover features I mean okay you know well so a woman's posterior clad in hot pants, taken from a 1970s pornographic magazine.
2379.txt: John Henry Moore led one hundred fifty Texian militia uh um I mean okay uh on October 2 in successfully repelling the Mexican troops, and um okay um um okay a 'Come and Take It' flag was fashioned by the women of Gonzales.
4274.txt: The pistillate flower occurs singly and produces a rounded, woolly brown fruit with usually four chambers.
880.txt: Dixon and Carmouche were waiting and were armed with semi automatic handguns.
954.txt: During the last decade parts of the area have seen a uh okay um okay I mean gentrification, with many housing assessments doubling; yet many areas well like uh like so thrive as never before, with more shops and restaurants opening every month.
2204.txt: It is a sequel to the 2013 well I mean okay um so Walt Disney Animation Studios film 'Frozen', and stars Kristen Bell, Idina Menzel, Jonathan Groff and Josh Gad.
911.txt: Drawing on deep experience in network connectivity and large well um okay well um data sets, Ilesfay was founded in Cincinnati, Ohio in 2009 you know you know like okay uh to meet market demand by changing the rules okay like like I mean I mean of the game for staffing, hardware requirements, and transfer speeds.
936.txt: During law school, she was the managing editor at the um okay you know like you know Fordham Environmental Law Journal, and first gained well well uh um like notice as the moderator of a panel about citing electric generators in New York City under New York energy law.
1965.txt: In March, 1918 he resigned his position in protest well uh you know like well of the entry of German troops into Ukraine and returned well so so uh uh to the Kherson Zemstvo to lead the Statistical Bureau and the Department of Education and Libraries.
2549.txt: Like most wavelength controlled telecommunication lasers, the laser chip okay like uh uh like is mounted on a thermoelectric cooler to stabilize so um um I mean you know the temperature, and by making small adjustments to the inside temperature of the package, fine tuning of the wavelength can be realized.
2557.txt: Link and Zelda managed to escape, but Link was mortally wounded in the process and collapses in her arms.
1856.txt: In 1994, Underwood formed the Ghost Club Society well um I mean like like which was formed after his departure from the Ghost Club.
1669.txt: Historically, many CFOs went on to join Her Majesty's Fire okay well um like so Service Inspectorate, formerly Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Fire so like well like well Services, a government agency directly under the control of the Department for Communities and Local Government.
4761.txt: Two days after the battle ended, Somali militia launched a uh um well I mean so mortar strike on a US compound and SFC Matt Rierson (1st SFOD - D), was killed.
4466.txt: The war was not just fought on land, the First okay well I mean so like World War also saw the Battle of Jutland, okay well okay okay okay the largest naval battle of the First World War well you know like okay um and the only full - scale clash of battleships in that war.
3587.txt: The 'Notre Dame Victory March' was written just past the turn um so you know uh well of the century by two brothers who were University of Notre Dame graduates.
4087.txt: The football club was formed in 1872 and so like well you know um was operated by the four founders until its incorporation on 27 May 1899.
3156.txt: Recent dredging has made the sandbar easier to negotiate and like well you know um I mean the main channel has moved away from the cliffs, removing okay I mean I mean so you know much of the danger, but even so there have been deaths as recently as 1997.
4372.txt: The site includes basketball team forums as well as off well uh okay well I mean - topic, media, and graphic arts forums and on April uh you know okay okay you know 1, 2007 it added NHL, MLB, and NFL team boards.
1742.txt: I live in Northern Ireland and have an intrest in aviation and other things.
2262.txt: It replaced a company set up in June 1941 by so so like you know um 'Sturmbannführer' Ernst Gramss and operated until 23 July 1944.
443.txt: As its first club for students community Sir Motiur so like um um well Rahman suggested some of students to be active so well so like I mean in this regard to unite all the students and opened a confederation named RBM Student Confederation.
3410.txt: Since 1968, a total of 129 medals have been I mean like I mean okay uh stripped, which the vast majority of these occurring since 2000, due to improved drug testing methods.
4549.txt: These regions therefore had a diverse range of well well I mean I mean so different peoples and were, to some extent, unified by um I mean well um so an Islamic culture built on both religious and civic foundations.
740.txt: Chikurachki, the highest peak on Paramushir, erupted most recently on I mean uh well like uh March 4, 2007, emitting a 1. 5 km high plume you know like well okay well of ash that trailed for several hundred kilometers into the neighboring waters.
3591.txt: The 10th Regiment, Royal Grenadiers was Called to Arms on so I mean uh okay uh 27 March 1885 and mobilized detachments for active service on so so um so so 10 April 1885 which served with Middleton's column of the um like so so I mean North West Field Force, until they returned from active service on 24 July 1885.
3265.txt: Scandium (III) oxide, Sc 2 O 3, or scandia, is uh well like well you know a high melting white solid used in high - temperature systems uh so you know um um (for its resistance to heat and thermal shock), electronic ceramics, and glass composition (as a helper material).
2355.txt: Jean Tholix (born 06 February 1982 in Toamasina) is okay uh so like like a Malagasy footballer, who currently plays for AS Adema.
4655.txt: This tail recursion can be efficiently compiled as a so so okay so like loop, but can't deal with infinite lists at all -- it will recurse forever in an infinite loop.
3034.txt: Part III. ' It had twenty more pages of letters (numbered 89 I mean um so okay I mean - 109) and sold for 2 shillings and 6 pennies in British money.
1679.txt: Homer Stille Cummings (April 30, 1870 - September 10, 1956) I mean um well like okay was a U. S. Political figure who most notably served as United States Attorney General from 1933 to 1939.
312.txt: Also know across the parish as the 'Almost Capital I mean like uh um so of the World' for always having an excuse on um I mean well okay so their shortcomings, including the scarred state football trophy that they won by default.
2261.txt: It receives administrative support from the United Nations Sustainable I mean you know I mean okay I mean Development Solutions Network and is chaired by Professor Jeffrey Sachs of Columbia University.
4840.txt: Visitors are required to be at least 18 years so like I mean okay I mean old, and a separate play area is available for minors while adults visit.
625.txt: Both teams were in the bonus eight minutes okay well well uh I mean into the second half, a feat unheard of in a championship game.
1178.txt: Ganga spends his days working with his mother as a I mean you know okay you know I mean servant in the home of the zamindar's obnoxious family while Jumna, a promising student, focuses on his schoolwork.
4572.txt: They are yet to register a win, and some um you know you know I mean like call the team the weakest football team in the world.
2719.txt: Misha'an al - Juburi is an so well well like well Iraqi politician from the Sunni Arab community, and member of I mean like well you know okay Al - Arabiya Coalition He also was the led of okay like okay uh I mean Reconciliation and Liberation Bloc, which held three seats in the Iraqi Council of Representatives from 2005 - 2010.
1152.txt: From grades one through four, Kaczynski attended Sherman Elementary School in well you know I mean so you know Chicago, where administrators described him as 'healthy' and 'well you know uh so okay um - adjusted', then attended grades five through eight at Evergreen Park Central School.
4195.txt: The monastery was provided with 2 utility buildings I mean I mean like well well and encompassed with a fence of brick; the complex so um I mean so I mean has been finished with a bell tower for 6 bells.
3206.txt: Rolling Stone has praised his skills, comparing him um okay like you know I mean to another famous Young in AC / DC's Angus Young.
4506.txt: There are many all - weather pitches throughout Milton Keyns - you know like I mean like like most of which are within school grounds, including the two pitches at Stantonbury.
4817.txt: VP - 6 deployed to NAS Agana, during this period the squadron aircraft visited numerous Southeast Asia countries.
4554.txt: These were initially issued 1, 3cm long barrel rifles firing well uh uh like well solid shot, however proved to be fouling after 2 um okay um uh uh - 3 rounds and had recoil that was unsustainable by the mechanism or the rifleman.
4619.txt: This comedy drama is produced by Tidy, the uh you know you know you know um company she co-founded in 2008 with her husband David Peet, who is managing director.
3584.txt: The 'Investigations' series has less repetition of material from year uh so I mean well so to year, and more contexts that like like uh you know okay are designed to be engaging to students as they well like uh uh so make connections among mathematical topics and from mathematical topics to the world around them.
941.txt: During the 2009 NRL season, the Newcastle head coach, Brian Smith so well you know okay um was sacked, and then - assistant coach Stone was promoted to lead the Knights for the remainder of the season.
4825.txt: Vanunu was successfully abducted after being lured to Rome and well so um so you know smuggled to Israel by sea, where he was tried and sentenced to 18 years in prison.
3994.txt: The current Sheriff of Davidson County, Daron Hall, so so um so so is still elected as is every other sheriff in the well okay so like okay state, has recently added a new law enforcement division to his department.
1864.txt: In 1996 Jordy's parents divorced; he returned to school.
4739.txt: Toni Hyvärinen is a Finnish professional ice hockey player who currently plays for KalPa of the SM - liiga.
2190.txt: It has evolved into one of the area's um okay like uh um busiest places to gather for programs and meetings, serving over 950, um you know so like I mean 000 visitors in 2011, 335, 000 library cardholders, and over 6, 000, 000 items borrowed.
1957.txt: In June, 1862, it contained 449 men, reported 12 killed, 57 okay I mean uh like so wounded, and 6 missing at Malvern Hill and 7 wounded during the Maryland Campaign.
4957.txt: Within hours of the discovery of Shepard like so so okay you know tied to the fence, his friends Walt Boulden and Alex um um uh okay you know Trout began to contact media organizations claiming Shepard had been assaulted because he was gay.
2499.txt: Last Mountain was a former federal electoral district represented in the uh so um uh well Canadian House of Commons, and located in the province of Saskatchewan.
1039.txt: Exporting is not the only threat however; some local people okay I mean okay okay um have reportedly made a habit of killing these spiders in okay you know you know well uh a nearly systematic way using pesticides, pouring gasoline into burrows or simply killing migrating spiders on sight.
3613.txt: The 8th Battalion arrived in France in July 1915 so like so uh so as part of the 57th Brigade in the 19th I mean uh well well like (Western) Division, and saw its first action the next year at La Boiselle during the Battle of Albert.
3334.txt: She died at her retirement home at age 115 and 42 okay I mean so I mean uh days in Candé, Maine - et - Loire, having had you know um um well like no children, and was the last documented surviving person born in 1886.
1547.txt: He was named the seventh Bishop of Harrisburg I mean well you know uh like on November 10, 1983, and then the fourteenth Metropolitan Archbishop of Baltimore on April 11, 1989.
192.txt: After Pinocchio accidentally sets Lorenzinis theatre on fire, Lorenzini changes so uh well uh well career and begins luring unruly children to pleasure island, where they inevitably drink cursed water which turns them into donkeys.
4369.txt: The singer's laconic banter and corny jokes are also okay I mean well you know I mean on full display, but the album is most remarkable uh like you know I mean like for the intimacy of the performance, with Van Zandt okay like okay uh well taking the stage alone and accompanying himself on guitar as he did thousands of times during his career.
4628.txt: This is a U. S. Federal law, but there you know okay okay um uh is no penalty for failure to comply with it and okay uh so you know uh it is not widely enforced -- indeed, the U well like uh you know uh. S. Supreme Court has ruled that punitive enforcement would um well I mean um so conflict with the First Amendment right to freedom of speech.
2018.txt: In early October 2009 Detective Superintendent Simon Morgan was you know you know like like I mean removed from the investigation, NO HE WAS NOT and okay um like like I mean replaced by Detective Chief Inspector Colin Sutton - the um so uh um well officer responsible for the operation which caught serial killer Levi Bellfield Daily Express, 16th November 2009.
1529.txt: He was born in Baltimore, Maryland and made his minor league debut in 1943.
2265.txt: It shows the girl growing up and always thinking about uh well um like I mean and spending time with the creature (played by Chris Fleming) or okay like uh so I mean imaginary friend, the video was filmed in Iceland and was directed by Richard Paris Wilson.
573.txt: Between 1998 and 2004 Jackson was directly responsible I mean okay you know um okay for the initial discovery of at least 19 shipwrecks I mean well so uh I mean in the South Pacific, including the Dutch dredger Kaptajn Nielsen, the USNS Dolphin Jackson, Trevor (2007).
2782.txt: NABI Bus, LLC (NABI) was a manufacturer of heavy you know so you know well uh - duty transit buses from 31 - feet to 60 I mean I mean you know I mean okay - feet in length, which are sold to operators throughout the United States and Puerto Rico.
1317.txt: He competed at four World Junior Championships -- achieving so like um um well his best result, sixth, in 2001 -- and at one senior international, the 2001 European Championships, where he placed 28th.
674.txt: By the events portrayed in it is established that Ace okay so well okay um has disappeared somewhere in the Bermuda Triangle, and never appears in the film itself.
112.txt: A second trip went back of Ugarrowwa's to so okay well like uh collect more equipment, meanwhile on 2 April Stanley returned to Lake Albert, this time with the 'Advance'.
3745.txt: The JMA reports that Severe Tropical Storm Dolphin, (27W, Ulysses), has weakened into a tropical storm.
1164.txt: Furthermore, separation of the reaction components from the starting material is much I mean well um so well simpler than with traditional organic solvents, merely you know so uh okay okay by allowing it to evaporate into the air or recycling it by condensation into a cold recovery vessel.
537.txt: Beau Soleil is one of the most expensive schools in the I mean well um okay okay world and represents one of the choices for the children of the Global elite.
1286.txt: Haxi was created by Aleksander Soender, Joonas Kirsebom uh I mean uh okay like and Robert Daniel Nagy in October 2013 and by December well uh well so you know 2013 the web service was launched in Stavanger, Norway.
4793.txt: Unlike Persian, which has lost almost all forms of declensions, okay so you know like well Pashto still inflects nouns into four grammatical cases: direct, oblique I, oblique II and vocative.
1788.txt: In 1865, a government surveyor Henry Cox returned from so well you know like well a holiday retreat in England and named the town he surveyed like like like like I mean after the seaport town of Cowes on the Isle of Wight, England.
2044.txt: In mathematical analysis, and applications in geometry, applied mathematics, okay well I mean like uh engineering, and natural sciences, a function of a real well uh okay you know um variable is a function whose domain is the real numbers like um I mean uh you know ℝ, more specifically the subset of ℝ for which the function is defined.
4501.txt: There are both direct and indirect benefits of doing so well you know um you know this; the potential predator may desist when it knows um I mean so uh uh it has been detected and the conspecifics can take evasive action.
348.txt: An accompanying music video, directed by Christopher Sims, portrays Ciara uh you know um I mean well in Malibu, California featuring a male actor who she is well okay like I mean um in love with the video also portrays Ciara dancing on a roof top.
1054.txt: Fantastic beings crawl or leap here and there, and satyrs appear from every side and surround the brigands.
4634.txt: This law means that hundreds if not thousands of hours I you know so well um like put into going to places and taking pictures of you know okay like okay I mean monuments and such will be wasted. This law is destroying value me and others created.
4914.txt: While the American cities prospered, the vast migration you know so I mean um uh from rural areas and continued to neglect the US um so okay I mean well agriculture industry created widespread financial despair among American farmers you know um I mean so you know throughout the decade and would later be blamed as one so I mean okay you know well of the key factors that led to the 1929 stock market crash.
562.txt: Benjamin Goodrich was the first in Akron to own a so so uh uh I mean telephone, which was a gift from Alexander Graham Bell in 1877.
1352.txt: He grew up in Vallejo, in the Crestside um so uh well like neighborhood, for the greater part of his life he attended Peoples High school in Vallejo.
3502.txt: State Route 3 Alternate (SR 3 Alt.) uses an older like uh I mean um uh routing of US 19/SR 3 for between Thomasville and Meigs.
4051.txt: The film was a US box - office okay okay I mean uh so failure and many reviews, particularly those for Ball, were uh like uh well so excessively brutal, the movie has 29 % on Rotten Tomatoes.
3678.txt: The Conservatives, led by Arthur Balfour, and Liberals, led okay I mean well I mean um by Herbert Asquith, could not break the deadlock well like I mean like so produced in the January general election, but the Liberals formed well well um I mean well a government with the support of the Irish Nationalists.
3214.txt: Roslyn High School is located on Roslyn Road and Round Hill uh I mean uh well well Road, and has students in grades nine through twelve.
1433.txt: He lost the title on January 24, 2015 to RJ City in for the title, but was defeated.
334.txt: Alto was well - established as a settlement before um well you know uh well 1900... Farms and ranches speckled its canyons reinforcing the need for its very own post office.
2485.txt: LSSU finished second in the CCHA and in the 1989 um well you know so uh NCAA Tournament they lost to eventual national champion Harvard in the quarterfinals.
420.txt: As a child, she traveled extensively throughout Germany, Hungary okay well um like you know and Switzerland and then settled in Germany for her university studies at the University of Berlin.
2694.txt: Mexican punk had more similar roots to that of so okay I mean um I mean 1970s based on the fact that marginalized like you know like like well minorities were begin to participate and perform, it was during this okay you know so um I mean time that bands such as Massacre 68 and Rebel'd began to emerge.
4822.txt: Van Gerbig had planned to have the team play in a um I mean like uh um new arena in San Francisco, but the arena never okay I mean I mean I mean you know came to fruition, and the Seals played in okay I mean like like so the Oakland - Alameda County Coliseum Arena (now known as Oracle Arena).
489.txt: At the age of 12, Rodríguez Santiago saved I mean I mean well okay I mean his cousin from a dog attack and was badly wounded receiving severe bites which led to serious intestinal problems.
1963.txt: In Kottiyoor (Kerala), there are two shrines on so okay uh okay uh either bank of the Vavali (Bavali) river; on the west um so like like well bank resides the 'Thruchherumana Vadakkeshwaram Temple' ( called 'Ikkare Kottiyoor Temple' by natives ), which is a nalukettu temple complex.
2025.txt: In her interviews Soberano said she would like to you know well um I mean well pursue a degree in Psychology course but in October so I mean okay I mean uh 2016, she confirms that will be studying at Southville International uh I mean you know uh so School affiliated with Foreign Universities taking up a course on business administration.
2872.txt: On 10 December, British forces declared martial law in counties I mean like so you know like Cork (including the city), Kerry, Limerick, and Tipperary, and imposing okay okay okay you know so a military curfew on Cork city, which began at 10 PM each night.
1338.txt: He entered St John's College, Oxford at age 17 but found lectures like you know well okay I mean 'awful', and left in 1978 without graduating to attend the okay uh well okay like California Institute of Technology, the following year, where he received a PhD in particle physics at age 20.
2608.txt: Major General James Alex Grimsley, Jr. , United well like uh like you know States Army was named interim President of the Citadel, The uh so okay well well Military College of South Carolina in August 1980 and then so okay um um you know selected as the 16the President by unanimus vote of the Board of Visitors in December of that year.
1712.txt: However, in certain activities, such as the gathering of heavy uh okay um okay like agave crowns, men helped, although the men's job is usually to hunt animals such as deer, buffalo, and small game.
795.txt: Cooinda was acquired by Balgarnie and Martin at some time prior to 1896, at this time it was running sheep.
2015.txt: In current studies it has been determined that epiphytic bacteria generally you know like you know well you know don't harm the plant, but promote the formation of like I mean um um uh ice crystals, and some produce an auxin hormone which like okay okay uh um promotes plant growth and plays a role in the life cycle of the bacteria.
3828.txt: The Secretary General attends to the coordination of the activities um uh like like like of the UAI, follows the progress of the various projects and supports um uh well okay um the Bureau in its handling of the correspondence and agenda uh like um okay like of the UAI and in the organization of annual sessions.
1555.txt: He was promoted the 14th of February 1807, Colonel of you know you know you know well uh the 96th Infantry Regiment of the Grande Armée and made officer um um well you know well of the Legion of Honor ( ' Officier um you know okay um uh de la Légion d'Honneur' ) on the following 11th of July.
3378.txt: She was a nationally ranked competitive diver at so uh I mean um like Penn State and graduated in 1991 the creator and executive like okay so uh okay producer of two design - centric TV shows in development for NBC prime time and GSN.
2929.txt: On October 2nd 2006 Eircom ceased providing wholesale I mean um okay okay um services to Smart Telecom, with the result that the majority of Smart Telecom's customers could not make outgoing calls.
2448.txt: Khansaheb moves to the haweli with his daughter Zareena when okay okay so like like they come to know that Panditji has left the state without informing anything to his daughter Uma.
4167.txt: The main characters of the series are Jim Hawkins and, later, his family and friends.
176.txt: Additionally, on 11 September 2017, Nadal and Federer were you know uh so I mean um ranked No. 1 and No. 2, respectively, which was the like like you know like okay first time since 20 March 2011 that they held the top two spots in the ATP rankings.
2642.txt: Marino Alfonso, better known as MAFONSO, is an Italian so like so um you know painter and sculptor born in Frattaminore in the province of Naples on November 12, 1948.
3846.txt: The Sunol Regional Wilderness is a regional park in you know well I mean uh okay Alameda County, California, United States that was established in 1962 and is administered by the East Bay Regional Park District.
4884.txt: When released it was designed as two volumes, with only the second volume identifying the author of the text.
1696.txt: However, a few days prior to the servers like okay well I mean so shutting down in May, Atlus made another annoucment stating well so okay um uh that the servers would stay up for the foreseeable future, provided user activity and interest remain constant.
3607.txt: The 2012 Copa Libertadores Finals was a two uh um uh well uh - legged football fixture which took place on Wednesday, I mean so you know um uh June 27 and July 4 between Boca Juniors of Argentina and Corinthians well like well uh okay of Brazil at the 'La Bombonera' in Buenos Aires and Pacaembu in São Paulo.
4719.txt: Today, 41 species are known, in three genera: 'Agathis', 'Araucaria' and 'Wollemia', distributed largely in the Southern Hemisphere.
122.txt: A three piece japanese jazzy pop band that are okay you know I mean I mean so signed to Sony Music Japan consisting of Yoshinori Satoh okay uh well okay like (lead vocals, guitar), Konosuke Osaka (keyboard, chorus vocals), and Kazuki Aida (drums, chorus vocals).
4204.txt: The mutineers were then given their back pay, but only like I mean okay so well after signing a sworn affidavit pledging their allegiance well okay well um so to Rome and to Africanus, and vowing that they would never mutiny again.
3710.txt: The Foundation's efforts are credited with bringing over 1000 New you know like okay so um Orleans musicians back after Katrina, re-housing, creating employment for and acquiring so okay um well so over a quarter million dollars worth of top like I mean okay you know so shelf instruments to replace what they lost for New Orleans most beloved musicians.
4007.txt: The documentary is divided in 10 thematic episodes, each well so I mean you know like presenting a different aspect of education in the school context and outside of it.
3653.txt: The Broadway was the first anchor store to leave the uh so like so um mall, closing its doors in 1993; this store was soon okay I mean okay like um demolished for a Wal - Mart store in 1995, which was expanded to a Supercenter in 2003.
1313.txt: He carried out brutal medical experiments on Nazi concentration so you know uh okay I mean camp prisoners and due to his SS rank he was administratively responsible for all medical experiments conducted.
2144.txt: Instead of a banked oval track, a figure eight uh okay uh I mean okay track was used where one side heavily banked, and included obstacles uh so um like uh such as the 'Wall of Death' (which was located on the heavily banked side) and the 'Jet Jump'.
2659.txt: Matej Andraz Vogrinčič (b. October 12, 1970, Ljubljana, Slovenia) um well um okay okay has been creating site - specific work in urban and natural environments since the early 1990s.
909.txt: Dragon Day is an annual event at Cornell okay so you know you know you know University that occurs in March, often in the week like I mean I mean well um before Spring Break, and of recent years, on the Thursday before St Patrick's Day.
1402.txt: He is increasingly known just as 'Sebald Beham'; there is uh okay uh like like no documentary evidence for the name 'Hans', which seems to so okay I mean you know I mean derive purely from the first letter of his monogram, which may have represented the second syllable of his surname.
4517.txt: There he married Sarah Winter and the couple had eight children together.
3160.txt: Referee Toby Irwin seemed oblivious to what was occurring and by the well I mean I mean okay well time Irwin finally stopped the fight, Campbell collapsed to the canvas.
4989.txt: Zagreb's origins are ancient and have been influenced by okay so like okay uh legend due to the absence of manuscripts or sufficient archaeological um um you know um well finds from those times; however, Zagreb does have much recorded like like so well you know history, displaying a continuity of urban settlement from the thirteenth century to the early 1900s.
3914.txt: The ballad is told from the perspective of a soldier who well like so uh well has fought in many bloody battles only to return home to I mean like okay so like England as a beggar asking a man to look kindly upon him and give him two shillings.
3342.txt: She graduated in modern history from the University of I mean you know okay um uh Florence and writes predominantly on Israel and the so well I mean you know like Arab - Israeli conflict, but also on European history, the Holocaust, anti-Semitism and monotheism.
136.txt: ABS - CBN also used what is probably the biggest well like like like okay touch screen display ever used in a Philippine television show uh uh so uh you know as well as a huge WAR (Wireless Audience Response) room that is specifically designed for the election coverage.
4349.txt: The second Easter Cup in December that year was um okay uh um so hosted by El Salvador and saw Belize, Mexico and Costa Rica also take part.
1306.txt: He became a summon gem, and he aided uh um uh um um Sora and his friends whenever they needed him, in the end um well um so like the door to Kingdom Hearts was sealed and his world was restored.
2593.txt: MPO is a new file format defined for this like okay like okay you know camera, and is basically two JPEG files joined together.
419.txt: As a child, he observed that Southerners were often depicted as like uh okay okay um being less intelligent than other characters on scripted television; so uh um okay you know to avoid that stereotype, he taught himself to imitate the speech of American news anchors.
4522.txt: There is a spectacular gorge below Coedty reservoir, I mean okay you know I mean you know used by outdoor pursuit groups, but gorge walking can be um uh um like okay dangerous because of sudden releases of water from the reservoir which can occur.
3766.txt: The Lockheed Constellation ( 'Connie' ) is a propeller - uh you know um I mean well driven airliner built by Lockheed Corporation between 1943 and 1958 at its Burbank, California, facility.
4096.txt: The game is similar to other fighters but features you know well so so well 3D environments and characters from the Z and GT series of 'Dragon Ball' franchise.
3518.txt: Streamripper was started in early 2000 as a way to separate tracks via Shoutcast's title - streaming feature.
2814.txt: Nicolazzi was born at Gattico, in the province of Novara, you know you know um okay you know and during World War II fought against the German occupation of Italy in the Brigate Matteotti.
398.txt: Argentina was the defending champion, but lost in the final to Brazil.
2939.txt: On november 9th, Žalgiris in Istambul, Turkey, continued undefeated um so so uh I mean streak to 5 - 0 and defeated Anadolu Efes 77 uh well okay okay so - 64, and became undisputed leader of group C uh okay you know okay um. Marko popovič made history with 7/10 three pointers in game, and 5 in 3rd quarter.
4289.txt: The posterior pituitary gland consists mainly of neuronal projections so I mean okay you know I mean (axons) extending from the supraoptic and paraventricular nuclei of the hypothalamus um well I mean well uh that secrete peptide hormones into the capillaries of the hypophyseal circulation.
84.txt: A hundred and thirty - two books later, you know um well well like she is still writing and is often dubbed Australia's most popular children's writer.
3736.txt: The Illinois Lottery is a part of the Mega Millions you know so like I mean okay multi-state lotto game, and features their own Illinois Lotto like so uh okay I mean (6 balls out of 52) with a smaller I mean you know you know uh um seven / eight - digit jackpot with a Monday - Wednesday - Saturday night drawing schedule.
1035.txt: Evonix Technologies expertise in Website Design, Application Development and um I mean um okay you know Creative Designing in the most Creative and Innovative way I mean okay like um you know. They believe in doing things Differently and Thinking Out of the Box.
1615.txt: Higher Kings Mill is a paper mill which manufactures recycled coloured papers and boards.
3031.txt: Parke played for powerhouse youth club FC Delco, and played four I mean I mean um so well years of college soccer at Drexel University, before being I mean okay well like okay drafted by the MetroStars with 60th and last overall pick of the 2004 MLS SuperDraft.
4594.txt: They never warned Doe about the rape scheme despite her I mean um well so so relationship to them as a ModelMayhem. Com member, they also had um you know you know okay so requisite knowledge to avoid future victimization of ModelMayhem. Com users well so uh I mean so by warning users of online sexual predators and specifically the rape scheme by Flanders and Callum.
3966.txt: The colour of this fish is also variable and usually I mean so um well I mean resembles the substrate, which makes it well - camouflaged when like you know well like like stationary but more visible when it moves about, at so okay um okay okay which time it engages in characteristic short bursts of swimming activity.
3352.txt: She is also chair of the Joint Committee on Federal like I mean so um I mean Relations, a member of the Joint Committee on Welfare you know well well well like Reform, a member of the Joint Advisory Committee on okay I mean um so so Legislative Data Systems, and chairs the County Affairs Committee for the Montgomery County Delegation.
170.txt: Acharavi is a placement in the northern coast of Corfu, uh um okay like I mean Greece, that belongs to the former community of so like um um like Agios Panteleimonas ( pronounounced: ' Agios Padel'eimonas, greek: Άγιος Παντελέημονας ).
735.txt: Charlottenborg Palace, located in Kongens Nytorv, Copenhagen, Denmark, is you know okay so uh so an exposition center and contains several of Denmark's cultural institutions.
1857.txt: In 1994, a campus located near Hillcroft and the Southwest so you know um uh so Freeway was purchased, and in 1999, the college became nationally like uh well I mean well accredited through the Accrediting Association of Bible Colleges (now the Association for Biblical Higher Education).
7.txt: ' Again Schwartz claims 100 % hits for Susy Smith, but nothing for his true grandmothers.
786.txt: Cone snails are carnivorous, and predatory, hunting and eating I mean you know I mean um uh prey such as marine worms, small fish, mollusks, and even other cone snails.
3145.txt: Ramakrishnan Murthy was born on 22 December 1989 in Chennai, India.
1568.txt: He went to study music at the University of the you know so I mean um you know Pacific and graduated in 1928, continued his studies at the Eastman I mean well you know like uh School of Music of Howard Hanson and completed his studies set in 1937.
2186.txt: It has a metal soundbox covered with snakeskin and um I mean like um I mean a long fretless fingerboard, and is played while seated in a um I mean uh um uh chair, with the instrument held in a vertical or near - vertical position.
779.txt: Coca - Cola was able to renegotiate their bottling you know well um um like contract in 1921, but, in part due to you know I mean okay uh okay the costs of rebranding, the price of Coca uh okay uh well uh - Cola remained at five cents for over three more decades.
1639.txt: His first professional fight was against Billy Wilcox um I mean I mean uh um on August 3, 1954 in Boston, Massachusetts and his last you know you know uh you know so against Willie Green on December 21, 1960 in Providence, Rhode Island.
3044.txt: Patrice was born to Augustine Motsepe, a schoolteacher turned small I mean like um uh uh businessman, who owned a Spaza shop popular with I mean well okay okay uh black mine workers, it was from there that Patrice you know so okay like so Motsepe learnt basic business principles from his father as well as first hand exposure to mining.
1453.txt: He performs on a Carlo Ferdinando Landolfi made okay uh um like I mean in Milan, Italy in 1790, generously on loan to him you know um you know uh well from the German foundation Deutsche Stiftung Musikleben since he was named like you know um uh um a prize winner in March 2006 at the 14th Deutscher Musikinstrumentenfond Music Competition in Hamburg, Germany.
2903.txt: On August 24th 2017, Xrated Couples was replaced with well you know uh uh like Television X Pay - Per - Night on Sky and like okay okay uh you know on the same day it was taken off of so I mean um like you know Virgin Media as well, within a week the channel was replaced with TVX Pornstars.
4326.txt: The rivalry erupted in Paregreg war (1404 - 1406), you know I mean well well uh which was fought as the contest of succession between Western court led by Wikramawardhana, against Eastern court led by Bhre Wirabhumi.
3677.txt: The Commonwealth Court of Conciliation and Arbitration is a defunct Australian um well so like like court, which had jurisdiction to arbitrate interstate industrial disputes.
3443.txt: Skees, along with his Labrador and co-star 'Jake', prospect for gold well I mean well you know um in various locations in the U. S. , and teach well I mean I mean you know so viewers to 'pan' or wash gold using a gold pan and other devices.
316.txt: Although Angelou considered herself a playwright and poet when her editor like uh you know like okay Robert Loomis challenged her to write 'Caged Bird', she uh um uh you know I mean has been best known for her autobiographies, and many critics consider her autobiographies more important than her poetry.
4903.txt: While adolescents strive for their freedoms, the unknowns to I mean like I mean well like parents of what their child is doing on social media so um okay you know so sites is a challenging subject, due to the increasing amount of predators on social media sites.
2327.txt: Its worst - case time complexity is, but on uh like okay uh so average its performance is or even depending on the I mean so like you know I mean random distribution on automata chosen to model the algorithm's average - case behavior.
302.txt: Allott was educated at King James's School, okay so I mean well I mean Knaresborough and Harrogate College and became the youngest Mayor in I mean well so like like the country in 1985 at the age well I mean um you know like of 26 when he was elected as Mayor of Knaresborough.
3534.txt: Sunil Bharti Mittal (born 23 October 1957) is an Indian telecom mogul, I mean um uh I mean like philanthropist and the chairman and managing director of Bharti Enterprises.
3197.txt: Robert S. Huff (born September 9, 1953) is a U. S so I mean well like so. Politician, who is a Republican member of the uh you know like uh um California State Senate, representing the 29th Senate District, which includes portions of Los Angeles, Orange, and San Bernardino counties.
295.txt: All over the world hundreds of other authors well well well so well have used the character, sometimes with great okay I mean well so um results -- for example, the Disney Studio artists that made comics directly for the European market.
2526.txt: Lee made his professional debut on the February 22nd 2003 well like uh um I mean against Philly San at at Cage Rage 2, Lee lost by TKO in the second round.
3022.txt: Pair 9400 - 9401 was stored at the um uh well you know you know Corona Yard for preservation; however, the cars were never used and were scrapped on October 7, 2013.
453.txt: As such, it is rightly described as a common symptom, and you know like like I mean uh may even be the third most common um so um okay uh trigger to seek dental care, (after tooth decay and gum disease), showing that patients place great importance on it.
2467.txt: Knowing the consequences, Nibbles attempts to stop Jerry from so like I mean uh you know doing so, but Jerry just pats him on the head well you know okay okay well again, then blows his noisemaker and the firecracker okay um you know you know um inside it explodes, giving him a blackface / sunflower appearance.
4917.txt: While working with the Lotus Advanced Technology Group in 1986, I mean uh well um so Pito Salas invented a next - generation spreadsheet concept you know uh um so like which was released by Lotus in 1989 as Lotus Improv.
2715.txt: Minute quantities of this pheromone can be I mean so so like um used per acre of land to confuse male insects about okay like you know uh you know the location of their female partners, it uh um I mean so well can thus serve as a lure in traps to effectively remove insects without spraying crops with large amounts of pesticides.
4959.txt: Within two days, the communists called for a truce; it I mean uh well I mean um was a shortlived Hmong Royalist military irregulars feigned an okay uh you know so um artillery bombardment of Pathet Lao headquarters at Khang um um um well okay Khay and PAVN headquarters at Ban Liang on 20 April as a distraction.
1701.txt: However, an interesting special case is a torque - I mean I mean you know okay I mean free resultant which it is useful both conceptually and well you know I mean okay so practically, because the body moves without rotating as if it was a particle.
2773.txt: Murphy was only 19 years old when he was you know so uh um uh awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions at well um okay um I mean the Colmar Pocket and always maintained that his medals belonged to his entire military unit.
4763.txt: Two in Scotland, one in England and one in Wales, which um so well okay you know is part of the military is wholly Govenment I mean like like well like funded and has primary responsibility for aircraft crashes on high I mean okay like uh okay ground, but also responds to civilian calls for assistance with hikers and climbers.
3951.txt: The church's interior is decorated with marble and a like um so so I mean staircase leads to a galleries section where the walls are adorned with inset frescoes and paintings.
3617.txt: The Afghan Whigs are an American rock band from I mean like so like you know Cincinnati, Ohio, originally active from 1986 to 2001, who have since reformed.
4273.txt: The pineapple ( 'Ananas comosus' ) is a tropical okay um uh um you know plant with edible multiple fruit consisting of coalesced berries, and the most economically significant plant in the Bromeliaceae family.
3827.txt: The Science Olympiad Foundation (SOF) is an educational foundation and um like well you know you know a non-profit organisation based in New Delhi, India um you know you know um um which promotes science, mathematics, introductory computer education and English language skills amongst school children in India.
1220.txt: Goldsmith was offended and disgruntled that most of okay so um well um his material was re-recorded and left the band shortly thereafter.
1741.txt: I'm an undergraduate student contemplating Physics with interests in Physics, Philosophy, Mathematics, Realism.
2730.txt: Moisei (Moishe) Grigorevich Rafes (b. 1883, d. 1942) was a prominent okay like well you know okay Ukrainian Bundist and after 1919 an official of uh so uh like I mean the Bolshevik Party until the victory of Stalin, when he was imprisoned.
3595.txt: The 1963 March on Washington was where Dr. Martin you know uh like um I mean Luther King, Jr. Gave his 'I Have a Dream' speech, one of the most famous speeches in American history.
2989.txt: Orit Rozin is an Israeli scholar; she is a um okay I mean like uh professor of Jewish history at the University of Tel Aviv.
4158.txt: The line's complex and inspiring history is mirrored in uh okay like okay okay its architectural ensemble, particularly as it is one of um so you know I mean okay the few places that it is possible to see the best of Soviet pre-war Art Deco architecture.
4384.txt: The song's lyrics and music was written by Boby well um like uh you know Burke and Horace Gerlach, and recorded by The Mills Brothers in 1950.
1574.txt: He would then awaken other passengers and manipulate those who well so so so um were also depicted with Pandorum to the hold where they fought to the death and practice cannibalism.
1302.txt: He beats the doctor by switching his brain. Then Jack goes to the Mayors courtyard to save the vampire brothers.
4078.txt: The fleur de lis in the lower left corner represents the you know well uh so um lower right corner, a torch symbolizes striving for excellence while um like you know you know well the book in the upper right corner represents learning in the fullest sense.
3878.txt: The Washington DC Veterans Adminstration Medical Center has a you know well um um you know ConferenceBike that was donated by Eric Staller's father, that is used by employees and Veterans as recreational and fundraising events.
4006.txt: The document was signed on 7 December 1944 in Chicago, uh well I mean like like IL and has since been revised seven times (in 1959, 1963, 1969, 1975, 1980, 1997, and 2000).
1960.txt: In June 2003, Apple Inc. Announced 'iChat AV', a new like you know uh like well version of IChat, based on the industry - standard uh I mean so like well Session Initiation Protocol (SIP) for video chat and audio chat.
311.txt: Also in 1979, the group made headlines when, for so uh um um uh the first time, they rammed a whaling vessel, the notorious pirate whaling vessel 'Sierra'.
2768.txt: Multiple births are common and work well in you know well well okay well commercial operations, including programs where rams are specifically used to sire lambs for slaughter.
3417.txt: Since 2005, she has been chair of the Tate you know um okay well okay Members Council and became the first female Honorary Fellow of Jesus College in 2007.
1889.txt: In 2006, Slean teamed up with video director Nelson Chan ( 'Mary', um you know uh okay I mean 'Day One' ) to create a three part short film 'Tales you know okay I mean I mean uh of the Baroness'; the first segment aired on 11 May 2007 on Bravo! .
2414.txt: Jung started her career as a VJ on Play TV in okay um so okay well 2008, while studying for her BBA, but then moved to AAG TV in 2010 while her MBA.
76.txt: A glider, (also known as a sailplane) is a airplane with I mean uh well well you know no power source, which is towed into the air and then 'glides' back to the ground.
50.txt: A 2006 estimate by the International Organization for Migration suggests that like like okay uh well between 10, 000 and 25, 000 Sudanese are living in London, uh like well well uh whilst a fairly vague estimate of 3, 000 to 18, 000 has been placed in Brighton.
4214.txt: The new Decatur gym was necessary to house the crowds you know you know so um well packing in to watch legendary coach Gay Kintner chase his so okay I mean you know well fourth state title at the helm of the Stephen Decatur you know okay so like like basketball team, having guided the team to state championships in 1931, 1936, and 1945.
4043.txt: The film has only 24 minutes, and is about like I mean well uh you know a young boy, who dies and then his favourite math well you know okay I mean um teacher observes, that he hardly knew him, he I mean you know so like um was only an unknown number on a class roll book, a 'cipher'.
35.txt: 'The Lucky One' is the third single from American so I mean well uh you know country singer Faith Hill's album 'Fireflies' that was a Top 10 Country hit in 2006.
4596.txt: They rarely bathed, slept on concrete floors without um okay you know uh well blankets, and many were forced to defecate on the floor.
500.txt: At the time, many people did not know their you know uh I mean so so actual birth records; although it is not certain what occurred in this case.
2241.txt: It is the third largest city in the Eastern Province, after like okay okay uh so Kenema and Koidu Town and lies just over 215 miles east of the nation's capital Freetown.
1979.txt: In Roman time, here was the crossing of two okay like so well so majer roads, a fortifcation is said to have been at the place of 'Schloss Prugg' (castle of Duke Harrach).
1682.txt: Hopton himself was temporarily blinded the next day by so I mean uh well like an exploding ammunition cart, which also left the army very short of gunpowder.
3222.txt: Rumer Glenn Willis (born August 16, 1988) is an so uh you know um uh American actress, singer and 'Dancing with the Stars' season um so okay like uh 20 winner, the oldest daughter of Bruce Willis and Demi Moore, and stepdaughter of Emma Heming.
2904.txt: On August 27, 1902, he married Miss Olive Knowles Hornbrook so okay I mean okay you know who helped him with his work, acting as a uh I mean I mean um so skilled technician, and as an artist whose delicate watercolor drawings illustrated many of his scientific publications.
3506.txt: Stephanie is Belle's madame in series one: she was once a call girl like Belle herself.
1985.txt: In Sherwood Forest, the two find him tending to a sickly like uh I mean you know okay Maid Marian who is pregnant and ill. Belle persuades Rumplestiltskin like so well okay um not to leave a child fatherless; the arrow purposely misses, leaving Robin Hood and Marian to flee.
207.txt: After attending Dartmouth College, he became associated with the Bishop okay okay like you know you know Museum and spent the next 60 years roaming um okay so um uh the Pacific, seeking out Polynesian settlement sites, excavating relics, and photographing petroglyphs.
3286.txt: Self taught in aircraft design, Clayton built five aircraft at like um like well you know his family farm between 1916 and 1926, including a Henderson powered high - wing.
1435.txt: He made his debut as a half - time uh uh okay well like substitute for Luke Howell in a 2 -- 2 away draw well you know okay so I mean with Exeter City on 8 March 2014 before being uh um like I mean um recalled by Cambridge United on 4 April, before his loan was due to end.
404.txt: Arriving at the coast the man goes to scavenge well so you know um well what he can on a beached ship, leaving his well so um like uh son to keep watch but the boy falls asleep and they are robbed of everything.
4209.txt: The name itself is a portmanteau of 'Gradius' and I mean so um I mean uh 'Parody' and, eponymously, the game is a parody of the 'Gradius' like so okay I mean well series of space - based horizontally - scrolling shooters.
4064.txt: The first edition of the dictionary was printed in 1940, but soon became out of print in 1958.
1407.txt: He is known for making a unique contribution to his well like you know well I mean family genealogy, through research into it's early origins, he claimed the title of Count.
3101.txt: Previously, he was the Financial Times 'U. S. Managing Editor I mean you know uh okay you know and before that, Editor of the FT's Continental European edition I mean uh so so uh (2000 - 2002), during which he briefed US President George W. Bush ahead of his first trip to Europe.
4110.txt: The hindwing is in the apical half of the cell you know so like uh well and short apically truncate streaks in the interspaces beyond well okay like you know well white; these broad streaks broad are divided only well so well like like by the black veins, followed by a subterminal curved series of crimson lunules irrorated with black scales.
2897.txt: On April 28, 2016, Harris Publications ceased operations and its magazine brands and trademarks were acquired by Athlon Media.
82.txt: A hug is a form of physical intimacy, that so you know so um well usually involves closing or holding the arms around the neck, back, you know uh so okay well or waist of another person; if more than two persons are involved, this is referred to as a group hug.
4566.txt: They are hospitalized for months, and therefore, they can I mean well so I mean so not continue their quest until Into The Gauntlet when they return and steal all of Bae Oh's clues.
1680.txt: Honey's natural sugars are dehydrated to prevent fermentation, with added like okay so so well enzymes to modify and transform their chemical composition and pH. Invertases so you know uh um um and s into honey by a process of regurgitation, a number of times, until it is partially digested.
2359.txt: Jeffrey Guy Campbell (born October 2, 1962) is a former uh okay like uh uh water polo player who won a silver medal for the United States at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.
3357.txt: She just merely detests driving into Halifax -- where her you know okay like um I mean daughter and nominator Janis lives; she breaks down entirely um uh you know I mean well on the highway, even going so far as to stop on the highway in place when she is confused.
4251.txt: The original Serph manipulated Sera and his team for okay well okay um okay his own ends while the original Heat attempted to protect um like um okay uh her: when Sera saw Serph killing Heat while linked to the EGG, God felt her pain and attacked Earth.
902.txt: Dr. Jane Hodgson, a Minneapolis gynecologist, challenged the law, and I mean so so so you know the Eighth Circuit had ruled that the state would be well um um okay you know unconstitutional without a judicial bypass, but that the bypass provision saved it.
977.txt: EastWest Records wanted to showcase their new headline signing and like so uh you know like they announced the release of Octopus in a high profile publicity campaign.
3266.txt: Scenes and studies of savage life', which appeared in 188 okay I mean so well I mean A. D. In 187 B. C he wrote 'Education well you know like I mean I mean of the Rural Poor' which argued for okay uh like okay you know the extension of elementary education to all, including agricultural laborers.
4074.txt: The first truly native Neolithic culture was the Funnelbeaker culture named I mean so well okay uh after the shape of their typical clay vessels, which developed I mean um like so like starting around 4400 BC and lasted some two thousand years.
4727.txt: Today there is little to no information regarding possibly one like okay like uh like of the greatest taxidermy firms in the world, apart like you know so so you know from P. A. Morris' studies, the Van Ingen factory in Mysore, India lies derelict overgrown by the local jungle.
2225.txt: It is made of grated coconut, rice and jaggery, and okay um you know uh I mean cooked by wrapping and steaming in turmeric leaves. Konkani okay like uh like um people prepare patolyos on the second Sunday of Shravan, on Nag Panchami and on Hartalika, the eve of Ganesh Chaturthi.
664.txt: By 1295 CE Lohr had grown in size and uh like um uh okay importance and had become center of the County Rieneck.
823.txt: Dagný Brynjarsdóttir (born 10 August 1991) is an I mean I mean so I mean uh Icelandic footballer who plays for the Portland Thorns FC and the Iceland national team.
4933.txt: Williams was born in Lansdowne, Cape Town, South Africa and grew up in Mitchells Plain, the coloured township established under apartheid.
525.txt: Bartlett Laffey (1841 - March 22, 1901) born in like um like well uh Ireland, he enlisted in the United States Navy 17 March 1862 and was assigned to stern wheel gunboat 'Marmora'.
1709.txt: However, here she's said to have three kids, two cats like um um um I mean and a mortgage making it inconsistent with Lucy's later appearance, in the Supergirl movie, where she's still a teenager.
2103.txt: In the pool house, Ryan asks Marissa what she wants I mean like I mean okay I mean to do for Valentine's, which is tomorrow... But Marissa can't plan that far ahead.
108.txt: A remake of the 1922 Paramount silent film 'Ebb like uh like um so Tide', it was filmed again in 1947 as 'Adventure Island', produced by William H. Pine.
410.txt: Artist friends followed him, including painter and illustrator Maxfield Parrish, so so you know I mean um who designed and built his estate, the Oaks, in the so well uh um okay area, and the surrounding area became the center of the popular Cornish Art Colony.
24.txt: 'Massive Attack' is a song by Trinidadian recording artist Nicki uh I mean well like so Minaj and American singer - songwriter Sean Garrett, for Minaj's debut album 'Pink Friday'.
3615.txt: The Act was repealed in 1962, but by this time, much you know uh so okay like of the language and traditions had been either corrupted or you know like okay um you know lost, but a few kaumatua and kuia (elders) continued to orally communicate their knowledge through the generations.
1767.txt: In 'Chapterhouse Dune' (1985), Suipol is an acolyte chosen well okay well well um to serve and accompany Odrade on her like you know so well like voyage with Tamalane and Dortujla to meet the you know um like you know okay Great Honored Matre Dama on Junction, as Miles Teg leads a force to attack Gammu.
3140.txt: Raheem Morris (born September 3, 1976) is the former head um I mean like so uh coach and defensive coordinator for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the National Football League.
4285.txt: The poor soils of New Caledonia promote a restriction you know you know like um like in large ground - dwelling prey, so well well well like well Mekosuchus had specialized back teeth for cracking mollusk shells.
4528.txt: There is no clear evidence of other adverse effects from water so um um I mean uh fluoridation because studies on adverse effects have been mostly of low quality.
1444.txt: He moved out of his parents' house, dropped out you know well uh well so of high school, and began working as a gas station uh so so so so attendant; he also gained a lot of weight, at one point weighing 275 pounds.
4690.txt: Three days later, the monk Hyo - Jeon asked you know so um I mean you know for follow - up action to the president uh like um like well of the college but Ilbe user didn't apologize his crime and kept insulting her.
3103.txt: Previously, there were two ferry crossings of Salhusfjorden, From well like you know well I mean 7 July 1936, a ferry service ran between Isdalstø and Steinestø.
854.txt: Designed by Ken Shuttleworth of MAKE Architects, it um okay okay um so contains 135 flats, of offices, shops, a hotel like okay you know okay like and a 'skyline' restaurant it is the final phase of The Mailbox development.
1691.txt: However, Francine and Hayley suddenly break out in laughter and so okay I mean I mean so express complete amusement by the whole state of okay uh you know like you know affairs, though they also let Klaus know that they want the switch to be short - lived.
2302.txt: It was released as a Digital Download on 3 June 2010 I mean I mean uh um I mean and was released as the third and final single so I mean like so I mean from 'Sigh No More' in the United States on 7 June 2011.
3974.txt: The company was founded in 1859 by James Greaves and like uh well so I mean George Cotton and incorporated in 1922 as a private limited company.
777.txt: Clubs of Spain have won the UEFA Champions League like um uh uh I mean a record of 13 times and they are second overall you know well okay uh um with 45 titles, including nine UEFA Super Cups, a record shared with the Italian clubs.
3967.txt: The comic was available through newsagents between well you know you know I mean like 1983 and 1986, lasting seven issues, and it filled so um um I mean well an important role at the time, giving new creators uh I mean like uh I mean a chance to develop their skills and established artists a new platform for their talents.
1626.txt: His duets and collaborations both on stage and uh uh okay like so in the studio with other artists have been extensive and he you know well well you know so has worked with the likes of Brigitte Fontaine, Chris so like like like you know Isaak, Marianne Faithfull, Elli Medeiros, Astrud Gilberto, Vanessa Daou, the Swingle Singers, and more.
4091.txt: The former was one of the 48 constellations listed uh you know you know so okay by the 2nd century astronomer Ptolemy, while the latter uh okay like so okay was first depicted as Triangulus Antarcticus by Petrus Plancius in 1589.
1119.txt: Former daughter in law of Filip Hristić, Artemiza Hristić okay I mean you know well like (née Joanides), was the mother of son of King okay okay you know you know okay Milan Obrenović, George, who born out of wedlock and was adopted by Count Ziči.
2469.txt: Known as 'News 25 at Nine on My 59', the show okay you know so well you know can be seen for thirty minutes and competes like well like I mean uh with another half - hour production airing at the same time uh um like like uh on WYZZ (produced by CBS affiliate WMBD - TV).
1073.txt: Firstly there are two scenes devoted to Jesus' baptism, well I mean I mean so okay that in the nativity scene the statue of the well so so okay well baby Jesus shows him standing and there are three crosses you know uh so okay like depicted with those bearing the two robbers being a part of the composition.
2755.txt: Most species are relatively large (typically at least) with some okay so well okay well of the largest, such as 'Lethocerus', exceeding, and nearly like well so okay so reaching the dimensions (length and mass) of some of the larger beetles in the world.
1858.txt: In 1994 the Natural Heritage Trust of Henderson County I mean um um uh I mean was formed and a year later it was renamed okay okay I mean I mean well the Carolina Mountain Land Conservancy and has expanded its area um you know I mean you know um of focus to include Transylvania and parts of Buncombe, Rutherford, Polk and Jackson Counties.
4519.txt: There is a St Kentigern's school and church in you know I mean like I mean um Blackpool, while in the Lake District village of Caldbeck so so so um okay there is a church and a well named after him.
2167.txt: It can also mean a range of vocational and okay um okay like um academic courses which can be taken at various academic you know I mean okay so I mean and vocational levels from a subject discipline, Health and Social Care combines elements of sociology, biology, nutrition, law, and ethics.
1890.txt: In 2006, he and the Cavaliers negotiated a three uh well so um like - year, $ 60 million contract extension instead of the four year you know I mean you know like so maximum as it allotted him the option of seeking okay I mean well so uh a new contract worth more money as an unrestricted free agent following the 2010 season.
2110.txt: In the summer of 1299, the Mongol army under so um okay so I mean the leadership of Ghazan, a descendant of well like I mean um like Genghis Khan, had again been successful in briefly capturing Syria um so I mean uh okay from the Mamluks at the Battle of Wadi al - Khazandar, on December 23 or 24, 1299.
4708.txt: To achieve this, Pelli employed cultural and architectural like um well um I mean themes of the city, including Native American, art deco, so um you know um okay and contemporary styles, making heavy use of swirling circular okay like um I mean okay elements in the exterior and interior designs of the building.
4132.txt: The instrument was owned by several, unknown you know you know okay you know uh bass players and would have been lost well well I mean well you know when it nearly met its end in the 1830s as it sat backstage in a marionette theater in Milan.
3484.txt: Southfort is an unincorporated community in DeSoto County, Florida, like well you know I mean I mean United States, located approximately south of Fort Ogden on U. S. Route 17.
513.txt: Australian Football is the official name for Australian rules okay okay you know so so football, the code of football played in the Australian Football League (AFL).
1469.txt: He received his Masters in Planning from the University of like uh I mean um so Southern California in 1948, established his golf course architecture practice um you know so okay well in 1954, and continued working there for over fifty years.
1064.txt: Fernandes' parents immigrated Britain in the 1960s from Kenya well well well uh like and Mauritius, her mother was a nurse and so I mean um okay well local councillor and her father worked for a housing association.
415.txt: As Chinese students believe that American credentials can expand well you know well I mean like their career opportunities these students expect that a degree from you know I mean okay uh I mean a prestigious college in the United States will give them an edge over others in searching for a job.
3433.txt: Since then, most neptunium has been and is still produced uh well well like okay by neutron irradiation of uranium in nuclear reactors and the okay uh like I mean like vast majority is generated as a by - product in conventional nuclear power reactors.
3648.txt: The British Royal Navy took her into service as so so okay uh like HMS 'Rolla' and she served in Sir Home Riggs Popham's attack on Buenos Aires.
3586.txt: The 'Lady of Mann' was an exceedingly popular ship; when you know you know okay um so she came to be broken up enthusiasts wrote from all parts of Britain hoping to get souvenirs from her.
559.txt: Benedict International Education Group, Inc. Was formed in 1928 by Dr um you know like okay um. Gaston Bénédict, a linguist and previous Professor at the like well okay okay you know University of Southern California, established his first school in Lausanne, Switzerland.
2037.txt: In its early stages, it can go unnoticed and painless with slight physical changes.
2978.txt: Operation Deep Water was a 1957 NATO naval exercise you know so um so like held in the Mediterranean Sea that also involved the like uh uh uh uh first units of the United States Marines Corps to like well okay um like participated in a helicopter - borne vertical envelopment operation during an overseas deployment.
2071.txt: In the 2007 film 'Ghost Rider', directed by Mark you know well so well I mean Steven Johnson and starring Nicolas Cage as Johnny Blaze / Ghost so I mean so um you know Rider, Blackheart is portrayed by Wes Bentley as the main you know okay I mean I mean um antagonist, alongside his father Mephisto (portrayed by Peter Fonda).
4938.txt: Winston Raymond Peters (born 11 April 1945) is a well well uh well uh New Zealand politician and leader of the populist New Zealand you know um so uh uh First party which he founded in 1993, and served well um okay you know well as the 13th deputy prime minister of New Zealand from 1996 to 1998.
3772.txt: The MCC were now 39/2, but Cowdrey came um well so you know well in and made the highest score of his career, okay I mean uh you know I mean his 307 beating Frank Woolley's 305 not out against Tasmania in okay like so well I mean 1911 - 12 as the highest score by a tourist in Australia.
4715.txt: To the north of the statue was the location like I mean um I mean I mean of the bandstand demolished during the second world war, and so okay well I mean I mean as part of the park refurbishment the bandstand was rebuilt -- but on a larger scale.
3713.txt: The G. I. Loan responsible for building the caliph's well uh okay like like palace, fits another stereotype: that of Muslim men deriving uh um you know um you know their power through the support of the Western world.
687.txt: Caligiuri's 2006 state senate victory was a rare bright uh uh like well uh spot for Connecticut's Republicans as the departing incumbent from the um um like um um 16th District, Democrat Chris Murphy, ousted incumbent Republican Congresswoman Nancy Johnson.
478.txt: At first, Gary doesn't believe him, but he soon realizes that the man is actually the devil.
2000.txt: In all the project would cost between $ 75 million and you know you know like you know I mean $ 90 million, making it the largest current apartment development project in Greater South Baltimore.
228.txt: After leaving the Black Panther Party for Self okay uh well well well - Defense and raising her daughter Erika, Brown worked on so uh uh well so her memoirs, A Taste of Power, and eventually returned well so okay like I mean to the struggle for black liberation, especially espousing the need for radical prison reform.
657.txt: But most of them speak the local Oromo, Harari uh uh so you know well or Somali languages. In Ethiopia, they are Usually known as Qallu.
2464.txt: Klein Bonaire, the small island in the sheltered lee I mean like I mean like well of the Bonaire, has the same geological okay so like so you know history, and while Bonaire at least has some hills, Klein I mean you know uh so I mean Bonaire's surface is pretty much level, just a few feet above high tide.
2445.txt: Keys gave birth to her second child, a son, on December so I mean well like you know 27, 2014, and Keys performed at the BET Awards 2015 with The Weeknd.
2735.txt: Monks from Harnham regularly visit meditation groups in the so uh like you know I mean North East of England and Scotland, in addition to um uh I mean um um a lot of non-Buddhist groups and individual visitors, including I mean I mean you know okay so school and university groups, are coming to the monastery to learn about Buddhism.
1842.txt: In 1980, he founded the music group Einstürzende Neubauten okay like okay um like ( 'Collapsing New Buildings' ); the first album he owned was by Pink Floyd.
3956.txt: The city was founded in the early 20th century, you know uh um uh you know and since the 1980s has been continually enlarged by Egyptian uh like like okay you know and foreign investors to become the leading seashore resort on the Red Sea.
543.txt: Because of poor transportation connections with the rest of um well so so well Oregon, the early economic orientation of Lake County was um so I mean I mean I mean toward California: both the 'San Francisco Chronicle' and the um uh you know like I mean 'San Francisco Examiner' arrived in Lakeview daily, often before the 'The Oregonian'.
2670.txt: Meanwhile, Glorificus, a hell - goddess who was so um like I mean you know exiled from her dimension after a war, has been freed from her human form, known as Ben.
3787.txt: The Museum of Croydon is a museum located so like so well so inside the Croydon Clocktower arts facility in Central Croydon, London, England.
4117.txt: The idea behind the high class health care institution I mean uh so okay okay in Pakistan was conceived in New York, USA in the well well um well uh mid of 1985. After consistent discussions and meet so okay you know well so ups, the present site in the capital city of Islamabad was selected for this project.
3205.txt: Roland the Farter was a medieval flatulist who held so so uh so well Hemingstone manor in Suffolk and 30 acres of land in return for performing as a jester for the king.
4276.txt: The plantation also had a 24 foot, one room business okay I mean uh I mean you know office with several windows and a fireplace used by well um um you know you know Dr. This also served as a hospital for the sick and wounded Confederate soldiers.
386.txt: Another similar archway with similar architecture was built in Ta' I mean okay I mean so like Xbiex, also back then part of Sliema, by the same I mean like I mean um so Testaferrata family but was demolished in 1989 and the okay okay well like okay exact location it stood is unknown but was in the parameters of Brockdorff Street.
3704.txt: The Eustis Lake Region was first published on October um I mean so um I mean 23, 1884, starting out as a weekly newspaper, after the like so um okay so paper was acquired by Ansil Daniel Miller joined the Associated News Service it became a daily.
74.txt: A former U. S. Senate Aide, Rooney currently teaches at I mean okay like uh you know DePaul University, and lives in Chicago with her husband, the writer Martin Seay.
400.txt: Armfelt wrote to Rudenschöld, who wanted him back I mean okay okay uh um as her lover, and used her as a messenger, well well uh well uh asking her to make contact with his followers, the young King and with the Russian embassy.
3282.txt: Sections of the press thought he should remain England captain, but like um uh well um he was replaced as Test captain by Jardine, so uh um uh okay who was not a popular choice; the selectors chose um you know so so I mean Jardine to exercise more discipline on the team than Chapman had done.
1629.txt: His father, a former semi-pro soccer player, is from Haiti whilst I mean um um like um his mother is of Greek heritage through her grandfather like uh so you know like Louis, who immigrated to the U. S. From Agia Sotira, Greece in 1949.
4427.txt: The term is used more and more in the feed industry I mean well you know uh like where it refers to a healthy balance of the micro-flora in the gastrointestinal tract.
3170.txt: Resiliency is distinguished from recovery as the 'ability to maintain a stable equilibrium' which is conducive to balance, harmony, and recovery.
4953.txt: With the war with france looming Truxtun was uh like uh so you know appointed captain in the newly formed U. S. Navy in you know okay I mean well well 1794, and during the Quasi-War with France was in command of the USS 'Constellation'.
2494.txt: Lamballe (, Gallo: 'Lanball' ) is a town and I mean you know um I mean like commune of north - western France, in the 'département' uh uh well so uh of Côtes - d'Armor, on the Gouessant 13 miles ESE of Saint - Brieuc by rail.
3570.txt: Tell al - Rimah is located in Nineveh okay I mean um well so Province (Iraq), roughly west of Mosul and ancient Nineveh in the Sinjar region.
3868.txt: The University of Kansas Medical Center features three schools: um um well um like the School of Medicine, School of Nursing, and School uh like so so okay of Health Professions that each has its own programs of graduate study.
2550.txt: Like other Farnese family building projects, the palace imposes its presence you know well well okay uh on its surroundings in an expression of the family's I mean well I mean you know um power and wealth and his Villa Farnese at Caprarola has a similar presence.
2208.txt: It is based on the comic book character of the same okay so you know uh so title created by Len Wein and Carmine Infantino, which will premier on Fox on January 17, 2010.
4659.txt: This type of structure is common in econometric models. It can be also carried out with the Durbin Watson test.
3432.txt: Since their pioneering use by Lotte Reiniger in silent like um you know okay I mean films, silhouettes have been used to dramatic effect in I mean well like so so many movies, including many of the opening credit sequences of the James Bond films.
626.txt: Both the construction sector along with the wholesale and retail okay um I mean um um trade sector have 13 % of the population working so like like you know um within each which, so these three industries account for a high proportion of Great Bolas' employment structure.
2763.txt: Mr. Parsons, his wife Gloria, and his son Roger were you know like so well like all aboard the balloon; the two adults died when like so like well uh the balloon crashed in a sparsely - populated area um okay um so I mean of the Western United States, while the baby miraculously survived.
3610.txt: The 22 room Edwardian residence was designed by uh so I mean uh uh Charles Tilleard Natusch and built by Russell and Bignell in like I mean well so I mean 1906 at a cost of £ 4, 566 for G. Frank Moore, a cattle and racehorse breeder.
2107.txt: In the sixth issue, Batman uses a gun uh like uh I mean I mean loaded with a special 'god - killing' bullet um so you know um I mean (the kind that was used to kill Orion) to slay uh um so okay like Darkseid, whether or not the bullet killed Turpin or just the Darkseid entity remains to be seen.
330.txt: Although she had an affair with art dealer Heinz Berggruen I mean I mean uh like so whom she met in the city, she and Rivera reconciled you know I mean uh you know well and re-married in a simple civil ceremony on December 8, 1940.
529.txt: Bash is a Unix shell written by Brian Fox for the GNU Project.
2497.txt: Larry's father, Joe (Dan Hedaya), sees Suzanne lying about Larry on so you know um you know so television, is enraged, and uses his Mafia connections to have her murdered.
4343.txt: The screenplay by Don Ettlinger and Karl Tunberg is like like I mean I mean okay loosely based on Kate Douglas Wiggin's 'Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm' and you know well I mean well okay tells the story of a talented orphan's trials and tribulations after winning a radio audition to represent a breakfast cereal.
815.txt: Current Super Graduate Champion is Trevor Newman, also Caterham so you know uh like well Academy Group 1 Champion in 2005, and runner up in Super Graduates in 2006 and Classic Graduates in 2007.
2580.txt: Lucifer's Call', is a post-apocalyptic role - playing video I mean um I mean I mean well game for the PlayStation 2 developed by Atlus, published by you know I mean I mean so okay Atlus in Japan and North American, and by Ghostlight in Europe.
2766.txt: Mt Laguna is a small town east of San Diego okay you know you know you know um located on Laguna Mountain and is located in the middle of Cleveland National Forest.
2534.txt: Lester Jenkins is the husband of Mary Jenkins um I mean uh you know um and father of Brenda Jenkins, and the entire Jenkins' well I mean I mean I mean so clan lives in a Washington, D. C. Apartment building, although it was not confirmed in the entire series run.
3109.txt: Prior to the start of the 2009 season with the like like uh um um Bayhawks, Hubbard suffered a back injury and was unable uh okay I mean I mean like to play the 2009 season and has not played in the MLL since.
1942.txt: In February 1944, the 2/48th was withdrawn back to Australia along I mean you know like well so with the 9th Division, landing in Brisbane on 20 February, I mean so well uh well making camp at Kalinga before personnel marched out for a long period of home leave.
2956.txt: Once they reach the fountain, Koura's youth is restored and he becomes invisible ( the 'cloak of darkness' ).
151.txt: According to Jonathan Balcombe, Sherwin challenged the traditional so so you know like I mean view of the insect as a 'spineless, pre-programmed automaton', suggesting like okay so you know like that insects had preferences, habits, and memories, and could experience 'negative mental states'.
948.txt: During the Western Han Dynasty (206 - 24 B you know like well I mean so. C.) Emporer Jing established an administration in Dangyang on uh you know like you know well an areas of 2000 square km. In 1988 um okay um so uh the State Council elevated this from a county to a municipality.
4886.txt: When she found out that Namor was in love with okay well uh like okay Susan Storm, she tried to kill her, but Namor saved her and took her to a hospital.
3575.txt: Thai amulets is a kind of Thai Buddhist blessed okay okay um uh okay items, which is originated, used for raising fund in order to help donate to the temple producing the amulets.
4347.txt: The season marks the debut of Arnold Schwarzenegger -- well I mean I mean okay I mean actor and former Governor of California as host; the well well you know you know um show's former host, Donald Trump, stated he opted to so um you know so well leave 'out of respect' while he was focusing on his presidential campaign.
4532.txt: There they met up with Captain Archibald Gillespie of the uh uh you know okay okay U. S. Marines, who had recently been driven out of Los like so um well well Angeles, brought a message from Stockton and along with his small force of 36 men and a small howitzer.
704.txt: Carnaval music is often a song written especially for the occasion and is easy to dance to.
4649.txt: This runestone was carved by runemaster Öpir, who well I mean uh okay you know was active in the late 11th and early 12th centuries, well well well well like and is classified as being in runestone style Pr4, also known as late Urnes style.
2765.txt: Mrs. August Belmont, as she thereafter was known, joined the okay so uh okay um Metropolitan Opera's Board of Directors in 1933, founded the so well you know you know okay Metropolitan Opera Guild in 1935 and the National Council of the Metropolitan Opera in 1952.
4137.txt: The island has working coast artillery guns on it but unbeknowst to well uh I mean well you know the authorities, the convicts can not access the shells that are locked away in the fort.
3457.txt: Some, such as Heathrow Airport in the United Kingdom, are you know okay I mean um like very large; others such as Fa'a'ā International Airport in Tahiti, are quite small.
4930.txt: William Henry Miles (1828 - 1892) was a I mean you know okay well um founder and the first senior bishop of the Colored uh so uh I mean I mean Methodist Episcopal Church in America, a Methodist denomination formed in so okay well okay uh 1870 to serve African American Methodists in the American South.
1320.txt: He converted to Christianity from Islam in 1998 and took the name Beshoy after an Egyptian monk.
4625.txt: This election also saw the decrease in the number of seats I mean so okay like like controlled by the centre - right opposition bloc; it shrank from 133 to 111 deputies.
3213.txt: Roses are a favored subject in art you know okay so um um and appear in portraits, illustrations, on stamps, as ornaments or as architectural elements.
971.txt: Each retirement village has a centrepiece building containing the well I mean um like like Audley Club, housing facilities such as treatment rooms, swimming pool and relaxation areas, a restaurant and bar bistro, library and lounge.
1274.txt: Hannah applies make - up to Melissa, who being so weak can't uh I mean I mean okay like open the lip gloss; in a montage of clips showing uh you know um uh um the wires, drips, Melissa's bones sticking out, etc. , and Hannah's family looking for answers back at her home.
3195.txt: Robert Muse Bass is an American billionaire worth approximately $ 5. 5 billion as of 2007.
528.txt: Bartram was released from his contact and was replaced so uh so so okay by Lockie, and his team started the 1960 -- 61 so um I mean well so season well and were in the top four by mid November 1960.
761.txt: Claiford A. Arao, also known as Ford Arao, is okay you know I mean you know I mean a Filipino professional basketball player who currently plays uh you know so so well for the SCTEX Road Warriors of the Pilipinas Commercial Basketball League.
4475.txt: The word 'Burdock' was collected as a geographic um well I mean uh so place name between 1976 and 1981 and assigned so so okay you know uh a GNIS code befitting a non-census - designated and non-incorporated place.
654.txt: But He was not awarded as Best Actor of okay so uh well okay the year for this film due to favoritism by Nigar Award Jury.
1158.txt: From the 1880s until 1915 up to 2 million um well you know okay um Jews left Eastern Europe which at the time about three quarters of its Jewish population lived in a shtetl.
275.txt: Agriculture is the main income source. We depend mostly on ground Water.
3189.txt: Riverview is a hamlet in central Alberta in St. Paul County, located east of Highway 41, northwest of Lloydminster.
2422.txt: Kaikeyi, who was acting as Dasaratha's charioteer quickly drove um well like so um the chariot away from the battle field and nursed the wounded King back to health.
27.txt: 'Oxford Dictionary of National Biography;' Abraham, Sir Edward Penley 'Shortly um um well um well after the team published its first results in like well like uh you know 1940, Fleming telephoned Howard Florey, Chain's head of department, to like um okay like uh say that he would be visiting within the next few days.
647.txt: Burckle Crater is likely very large scale like um uh I mean well comet or meteorite impact event located in between like um okay like okay or to the east of Madagascar and west of Western Australia in the southern Indian ocean.
2032.txt: In his paper, Smith describes the technique of induced values, uh like uh you know okay the method used in controlled laboratory experiments in economics, political science, and psychology.
1619.txt: His 'Occasional Issues of Unique and Very Rare Books' um um I mean uh okay (1875 - 1881) included among other things the 'Annalia Dubrensia' of Robert Dover.
1801.txt: In 1915, he graduated from Lincoln University located in Pennsylvania with a Bachelor's degree, Guthrie, R. V. (1998).
1541.txt: He was eighteen years old when his father died, and um well okay so you know so a regency was appointed that ruled in his name for the next nine years.
2938.txt: On leaving school he was apprenticed to well I mean I mean um you know learn book - keeping, conveyancing and practical farming, but um like uh like okay soon disgraced himself and was sent to Amsterdam to work in a merchant's office.
4099.txt: The generic name refers to Xuanhan County in Sichuan, while I mean I mean so okay um the specific name is derived from the town of Qilixia.
2267.txt: It was Fox who bought and provided land and you know you know well like I mean the cemetery although it is now officially called 'St Mary's Rest Garden 'is is still known locally as' Foxes Close'.
1347.txt: He graduated from Cassopolis High School, Cassopolis, Michigan in okay you know like okay I mean 1964 and entered Michigan State University, where he was I mean you know you know I mean I mean editor - in - chief of campus daily newspaper 'The State News'.
3804.txt: The Palace of Seyid Mirbabayev is a palace owned by so okay uh so I mean Seyid Mirbabayev, who lives in Baku, Azneft Square, Niyazi um like okay so okay Street 1 and is one of the oil millionaires of Azerbaijan.
3097.txt: Power door locks were introduced on the luxury Packard so I mean so well okay in 1956; nearly every car model offers this feature as at least optional equipment.
4193.txt: The metal is extracted from its principal mineral ores uh I mean um okay well by the Kroll and Hunter process es. The most like you know you know uh like common compound, titanium dioxide, is a popular photocatalyst and is used in the manufacture of white pigments.
2657.txt: Mason sees his chance to escape custody and disarms Goodspeed, but Goodspeed um well you know so okay convinces him to help defuse the rockets, since Mason's daughter is also at risk from them.
390.txt: Antony Barrington Brown FRPS (13 July 1927 -- I mean so I mean um I mean 24 January 2012) was a designer, photographer, and explorer, a Fellow of the Royal Photographic Society.
2868.txt: Omar reminds Bunk that he helped him by finding a I mean okay you know I mean uh police service weapon for him yet Bunk remains skeptical of Omar's claims of innocence.
3123.txt: Ps. Plutarchos, strom. 2, fr. 179 Sandbach The first you know uh uh well you know animals were born in the water, by the influence so well like you know you know of the sun. Aetios V 19, 4 The okay I mean um you know well human being was supposed by Anaximander to have sprung from like well well you know well some other animal, which at the beginning was similar to a fish.
4964.txt: Wooster married the daughter of Thomas Cap, president of Yale College (David 1).
1730.txt: However the other famous church is the protest okay okay uh I mean I mean church named 'Iglesia de Piedra' (Church of Stone) because of its design, the whole church is made completely out of stone.
4279.txt: The play began its Broadway premiere at the uh uh well I mean uh Gerald Schoenfeld Theatre on August 28, 2014 (in previews) and okay well well uh you know officially on October 9, 2014 in a limited 18 - week engagement, through January 4, 2015.
3382.txt: She was appointed Reader in AMU in 1964 the Department you know okay you know like well of English and continued there, in 1983 became a Professor of English, and retired in 1988.
3092.txt: Potassium carbonate, Potassium sulfate, Potassium sulfide, Sulfur, Potassium nitrate, okay okay like like um Potassium thiocyanate, Carbon, Ammonium carbonatefgeq, Hydrogen, Methane, 1. 11 % water.
3925.txt: The boat is close hauled, with the sail set okay well um you know uh at, for example, 15 ° relative to the apparent okay so like so you know wind, the effect of depression on the leeward side comes into play.
4607.txt: This Curation Toolbar is available to editors for any page listed so well uh um I mean in the, and can be used as well as or instead of it.
335.txt: Alunogen also called feather alum and hair um like well um um salt is a colourless to white (although often coloured by you know well so I mean so impurities, like iron substituting for aluminum) fibrous to needle - so well uh well you know like aluminium sulfate mineral often found on the walls of mines and quarries as secondary mineral.
2317.txt: Its first parade was held May 5, 1868, uh I mean like I mean well and the town has held it every year since; uh okay well I mean I mean however, the Memorial Day parade in Doylestown, Pennsylvania, predates Ironton's by one year.
3193.txt: Robert G. Hoyland, Arabia and the Arabs p. 55 A um uh like like you know reportedly cruel ruler; he had great pride of himself and okay I mean you know so so used to burn whoever opposes him with fire, he so you know I mean uh I mean was assassinated in 569 or 570 by the poet' Amr ibn Kulthum.
1162.txt: Fungi, such as 'Coccidioides immitis', also possess degradative chitinases related um you know so you know okay to their role as detritivores and also to their potential as arthropod pathogens.
4327.txt: The river begins as the Agra Oya, in the Horton so well well like okay Plains in the Central Highlands which have an uh so um well you know annual rainfall of between 125 and 200 inches a year.
1900.txt: In 2009, the hiring of two independent organizations reviewed so well well okay so BART's policies and procedures in the process of overseeing like so well well okay the BART Police which investigated the matters of BART Police Shooting of Oscar Grant.
1879.txt: In 2002, they were named the top 'One Life to Live' uh like I mean well uh all - time romantic couple by magazine 'Soaps In Depth', and are one of the most avidly watched supercouples.
2155.txt: Islam began in Asia in the 7th century during well you know well like um the life of its prophet Muhammad (SallaAllaho Allayhi Wasalaam) number of um well like okay well adherents of Islam has lived in Asia and specially South and Middle - east Asia since the beginning of Islamic history.
4504.txt: There are dozens puzzles to solve that open approximately 50 locked uh uh okay I mean okay doors, all are needed to find a way off the island.
3564.txt: Taylor Henderson, the runner - up of the fifth series of well you know um um so 'The X Factor Australia', covered it in his debut self um you know well well so - titled album through Sony Music Australia on 29 November 2013.
1570.txt: He won the silver medal in the high jump um well I mean okay so behind Irving Baxter of the United States, and the you know um I mean uh well bronze medal in the long jump behind Alvin Kraenzlein okay you know well so so and Myer Prinstein, he also finished fourth place in you know like like okay I mean the triple jumps behind Prinstein, James Connolly and Lewis Sheldon.
4363.txt: The ship was driven ashore at Gibraltar whilst on a voyage from London to Malta.
3136.txt: Race Struggles edited by Theodore Koditschek, Sundiata Keita Cha I mean so uh you know okay - Jua, Helen A. Neville Page 211 - 226 I mean uh okay uh so The Committee for the Protection of the Foreign Born aided I mean okay like okay so in securing the right of a number of Japanese Communist deportees to be sent to the Soviet Union.
2246.txt: It is tied for the 9th longest streak uh I mean I mean you know uh in Division 1 College Football History; only 13 other teams have won more straight games.
1751.txt: If 1950 DA continues on its present orbit, I mean like um um like it may approach Earth on March 16, 2880, though well well well like um the mean trajectory passes many millions of kilometers so I mean okay you know okay from Earth, so 1950 DA does not have a significant chance of impacting Earth.
4693.txt: Through all these changes, the characters have remained popular; um um so so I mean the books sell more than a million copies annually, several new um like uh well okay volumes are published each year, and the boys' adventures have been translated into more than 25 languages.
884.txt: Do you know what it means not to know I mean um well um okay what to do? ' Graham was ultimately convicted well well like like okay while the informant was immediately released from jail and her sentence commuted to time served.
4615.txt: This began a pattern of speculative ventures that he you know like so uh I mean ran alongside regular employment which he later described as 'drifting into theatrical work'.
3567.txt: Tecpán is sometimes called the 'first' capital because it well okay I mean you know okay was the first permanent Spanish military center, but the Spaniards um you know uh um okay soon abandoned it due to Kaqchikel attacks that made defense of the city untenable.
4858.txt: We discussed the issues on the talk pages first, tried BRD, okay uh so okay I mean and another editor attempted a partial rollback, and an RfC, okay you know so so so then when that didn't work, we worked on draft like you know you know so I mean material in my user space for use in other possible future actions.
1034.txt: Everyone watches a television showing a high - speed chase approaching the you know um okay you know um Burbank, California shopping center, which ultimately ends with the fugitive crashing his car through the Buy More front doors.
3696.txt: The Dunnville Terriers are a Junior 'C' team based in Dunnville, Ontario, playing in the Niagara Junior C Hockey League.
4452.txt: The units facing either south or west have terraces or you know okay okay so I mean balconies overlooking grasses and trees on the condo's lower green roof.
4097.txt: The games sold over 60, 000 copies by February, uh okay I mean I mean you know but by April the games sold over 100, 000 copies.
817.txt: Currently, Ms. Fier is a writer / producer for uh I mean okay you know so FM Productions and lives with her husband and two children in suburban New York.
1625.txt: His daughter Martha married George Corson (1803 - you know uh okay I mean okay 1860) in 1832, and following Maulsby's death, the couple purchased the farm and quarry from his estate in 1839.
3023.txt: Palladio Film is an International production company based in Cologne and London that specializes in feature films and documentaries.
178.txt: Adjacent to Lanikai Beach is a primarily upper - you know um uh you know you know class residential area, becasue of this it is only accessible through public access paths.
3249.txt: Samantha Bond (born 27 November 1961) is an English well I mean you know like so actress, best known for her role as Miss Moneypenny in the James Bond films during the Pierce Brosnan years.
1166.txt: G - Star's flagship store is located in New um so so like so York City, United States; however, the brand is far more you know uh I mean okay I mean famous in the Netherlands, Germany, the United Kingdom, Spain, and other European countries.
1793.txt: In 1893 he took his family with him to the like like so so um mines at Burjassot near Valencia, returning the next year well so uh uh okay to Madrid to help Juana Nessi, whose husband had just died.
3954.txt: The city is the site of Abu Ghraib you know um so well uh prison which was the site of abuse and executions of so well I mean uh so political dissidents under Saddam Hussein and the torture and abuse you know I mean uh okay you know of prisoners by members of the United States I mean like I mean um okay Army Reserve in 2003 during the US occupation of Iraq.
463.txt: As translated into English, 'Tishbite' is the demonym for Tishbe: um okay um so like the demonym is predicated of the prophet to denote that his residence or possibly his birthplace was Tishbe.
3269.txt: Scott Halberstadt (born on August 17, 1976 in Connersville, Indiana) is an like okay I mean you know um American actor who is perhaps best known for um well well you know uh his recurring role as Eric on the hit Nickelodeon series 'Drake & Josh'.
4245.txt: The organisation was established as the Interior Decorators and Designers like I mean well okay like Association in 1966 and after merging with the International Interior Design um like uh um uh Association (UK Chapter) it became the British Institute of Interior Design.
4239.txt: The opening of the new arena was attended by over 17, uh um well I mean okay 000 people, who paid up to $ 50 for I mean like I mean you know um tickets to the event, including J. P. Morgan, the Pierponts, the Whitneys and General William Tecumseh Sherman.
3039.txt: Pascal Lochard (born September 17, 1990) is a okay you know well you know um Canadian football running back for the Ottawa Redblacks of the Canadian Football League (CFL).
3220.txt: Roz Ryan (born July 7, 1951) is an American actress, singer and comedian.
1480.txt: He returned to operations on 25 March 1945, okay like you know so um claiming 26 more tanks destroyed before the end of the war.
1929.txt: In Australia, men's rights discourse has influenced government policy like so like uh um documents; less impact has been noted in the United Kingdom, where feminists have historically had less influence on educational policy.
721.txt: Ceran St. Vrain (May 5, 1802 -- October 28, 1870), like I mean uh I mean okay also known as Ceran de Hault de Lassus um uh um well you know de St. Vrain, was a major fur trader near like like okay well like Taos, New Mexico, where he and his partner William Bent built Bent's Fort.
2654.txt: Marxism is a form of fascism, i. E. A you know um so like well doctrine which originates in the degradation of the individual whose elimination I mean like you know well you know is considered as legitimate; whereas Capitalism substitutes economic entities um so so okay um such as money, profit or interest to the real needs of life.
4184.txt: The meaning of each of them can be represented well I mean like so well by a certain fuzzy set. One might define the glass well uh so um okay as being 0. 7 empty and 0. 3 full.
966.txt: Dutch Radio 3FM named him 'Serious Talent' acoustic version, I mean so um well uh a duet with Anneke van Giersbergen performed live on Giel Beelen you know I mean well okay okay ´ s 3FM radio show created a small internet hype.
1200.txt: George Todd is an English professional rugby league footballer who like you know okay I mean I mean played in the 1930s, playing at representative level for I mean I mean I mean I mean okay England, and at club level for Hunslet, as a, i. E. Number 6.
3807.txt: The Patrol Division is responsible for patroling the approximately forty um like like uh you know square mile town twent - four hours a day and responds to all emergency, and non-emergency, calls for service.
2086.txt: In the corporate sphere, the name currently survives through well you know I mean so okay the Marmon Group of Chicago, Illinois, and Marmon Motor Company of Denton, Texas.
1583.txt: Henrik Hertz (August 25, 1797 -- February 25, 1870), Danish poet, was born of Jewish parents in Copenhagen.
862.txt: Despite the rain, Albanians enjoy a great deal of so you know I mean uh I mean sunshine, second only to Spain in average annual sunny days.
3724.txt: The Green Memorial Hospital in Manipay, Sri Lanka was founded by Dr Samuel Fisk Green in 1848.
2501.txt: Late Narendra Nath Hazarika was a prominent freedom fighter, um uh um well like who played a key role during the freedom uh uh so okay well movement, was closely associated with setting up schools and Puranigudam Bapuji Hall & Library.
351.txt: An ancient Welsh family of oligarchs, the Salusbury family was first like so like okay well recognized by the crown during the reign of like okay like so you know Henry VII after Thomas Salusbury put down a rebellion in Cornwall.
1678.txt: Hollings helped to establish the Hollings Center for International Dialogue, so uh you know okay I mean an organization working to promote peace in the Middle East through small - scale conferences.
206.txt: After another reorganization of the mission staff, Rev. George Schwarz you know I mean um well I mean arrived in September 1887, then Rev. Wilhelm Poland in 1889.
1523.txt: He was anxious to resume the Lord Chancellorship and lobbied like well uh I mean like repeatedly for it: it seems that he was actually promised I mean um uh uh so a return to the office in 1563, but the promise was not fulfilled.
2247.txt: It is uncertain as to whether he served in so okay you know um um the Confederate Army or not, tradition states that he did, but no permanent record exists within his family.
717.txt: Cecilia Rozgonyi (1398 -- 1434) was the daughter of Peter Szentgyörgyi, an influential Hungarian nobleman.
1561.txt: He was the first Mormon to be a major party um well um I mean so presidential nominee, but lost the election to Barack Obama so well uh okay you know by 332 -- 206 electoral votes and by 51 -- 47 percent of the popular vote.
3346.txt: She has been coached by Martin Barras since 2009 and is also coached by Gary Sutton.
2528.txt: Leif Svensson (born July 8, 1951 in Härnösand, Sweden) is a I mean well uh well like retired Swedish ice hockey player who played two seasons with the Washington Capitals in the late 70s.
4888.txt: When the Second World War broke out in I mean you know well okay um September 1939 Ireland was in no position to become well I mean you know you know like involved, in fact some years before hand the deValera led government had declared a policy of neutrality.
138.txt: AMS is an organized effort of parts of the infectious okay um so well like disease and public health community, in the US particularly their so uh uh you know I mean professional organizations like the IDSA, the PIDS and the uh so okay well okay nations highest public health agency, theCDC and globally the WHO.
3437.txt: Sir Henry Neville (c. 1562 - July 10, 1615) was uh well I mean okay well an English diplomat suspected of being the actual writer of Shakespeare's works.
182.txt: Adolph Gustav Kiefer (27 June 1918 -- 5 May I mean like I mean okay like 2017) was an American former competition swimmer, American Olympic okay you know okay I mean I mean champion, last surviving Olympic champion of Berlin, former world record uh uh you know well like - holder, and inventor and innovator of new products related to aquatics competition.
4182.txt: The match was also the last to be covered okay like well like okay on the original BBC Radio 5; the station closed down I mean you know well well like that night, with BBC Radio Five Live launching the following morning.
2344.txt: James Paringatai (born 7 January 1986 in Taihape, New Zealand) well well you know you know you know is a New Zealand professional basketball player who currently plays for so I mean I mean uh so the Southland Sharks of the New Zealand National Basketball League.
1279.txt: Hardwick Court Farm is a large farm in Chertsey, uh so well um so Surrey and was first established during the Saxon period.
1792.txt: In 1883, an art school was founded in 1883 by like uh uh like so the Walthamstow Literary Institute at the Trinity schoolroom, in West Avenue, which was connected with the Science and Art Department, South Kensington.
4704.txt: Tim Lewis (born December 18, 1961) is a National Football League coach and former player.
4832.txt: Very little has been documented about this breed, and they are I mean like uh you know so not a recognized pure - breed in the Australian you know uh okay okay um Canine Council, however Old Farmers and specialist breeders keep the I mean well um I mean you know original lines going and maintain effort in a future of the breed.
1974.txt: In May of 2013, Dr. Vanderpool and his wife Lauri officially I mean okay well well okay moved to Thomazeau, Haiti, selling both their home in Brentwood, Tennessee, and Vanderpool's private practice Lave MD.
2005.txt: In an interview with 'The New York Times', Noah well okay I mean so I mean likened Stewart to 'a Jewish Yoda' and recounted advice Stewart um um uh like so gave him, saying, ' The most amazing thing that Jon did was he didn't give me a mandate.
3202.txt: Roger, the eldest son and always Aristide's favourite, you know I mean um like uh is a failure as businessman and has steered the uh so like well um catering business bestowed to him by his father to okay I mean I mean um well the brink of bankruptcy; he longs to live a simple life somewhere far away.
1705.txt: However, he did not have a chance to uh like so um you know defend it and was awarded posthumously an honorary degree in 2014.
4133.txt: The internal rate of return (IRR) or economic rate of return well I mean like well well (ERR) is a rate of return used in well you know you know I mean uh capital budgeting to measure and compare the profitability of investments.
4370.txt: The single was released on their own label, Surrealist Records, owned by bassist Simon Laffy.
4323.txt: The resulting knowledge about human kinesiology and sport nutrition combined so so well I mean you know with his distinctive posing styles makes Kamali a sought out okay you know I mean like um bodybuilder for seminars and guest appearances and has been okay well so so like featured in many bodybuilding articles, as well as being on the cover of MUSCLEMAG magazine.
1989.txt: In addition, Dodin has won 7 ITF singles titles so so okay like okay on the ITF Women's Circuit and has reached so so well well you know the final of the 2014 Internationaux Féminins de la like um you know um okay Vienne and the semifinals of the 2014 Open GDF Suez de Limoges.
4139.txt: The island supports a small population that has been whaling um like I mean um like for hundreds of years speaking the languages of Adonara and Lamaholot.
3391.txt: She was on a voyage from Boston, Massachusetts to Saint John, New Brunswick, British North America.
3152.txt: Realizing Sparrow is the target, Elizabeth traps well you know um so well him aboard the 'Black Pearl' as the crew abandons the ship, and I mean so so okay uh the monster drags Sparrow and the ship to Davy Jones's Locker.
2083.txt: In the UK, Germany, and Thailand (Before January 2012), the so okay uh um um product is available Over-the - counter as a pack of 12 tablets produced by McNeil.
1024.txt: Eve Myles (born 26 July 1978) is a Welsh television, so uh like um I mean film, stage and voice actress who graduated from the Royal Welsh College of Music & Drama in 2000.
3083.txt: Polybius has been noted to be hostile to some of I mean so you know okay like his subject material; for example, his treatment of Crete has been noted to be biased in a negative sense.
31.txt: 'Right Type of Mood' is a song written okay so okay uh well and performed by Herbie Crichlow (under the name Herbie), featured on the 1995 album 'Fingers'.
892.txt: Don Valley was a former federal electoral district represented in well well um so you know the Canadian House of Commons, and located in the province of Ontario.
2318.txt: Its leadership headquarters were mainly in what became Ankole, believed uh uh okay well like to have been run by the Bachwezi dynasty in the you know okay okay uh you know fourteenth and fifteenth centuries, who may have followed a semi-legendary dynasty known as the Batembuzi.
4963.txt: Woods contacted Crowther and received his permission to make an improved uh like I mean uh you know version which also spread to many locations, including the PDP - 10 systems at MIT.
747.txt: Chris Bruton (born January 23, 1987) is a Canadian you know okay uh uh you know professional ice hockey player, who is currently playing for the Grand Rapids Griffins of the American Hockey League (AHL).
781.txt: Colleen McEdwards (born 1968) is a Canadian anchor for um um well uh like CNN International, based at CNN International's Atlanta headquarters, where she anchors various editions of 'World Report'.
508.txt: Audit firm Nexia BT, is the Mossack Fonseca franchise in like um uh uh okay Malta which also audits the accounts of Schembri's companies in the Kasco Group.
1462.txt: He pushes the hostage to the florr and grabs Alex's daughter then uh I mean so I mean I mean wlks under the decking and Alex imtandly follows after a gun uh I mean I mean um so shot is heard when she gets down her dughter walks towards her and the criminal can not be found.
2786.txt: Named after its primary product, a web application Less you know um like well uh Annoying CRM, also known as LACRM which is a so uh uh so like customer relationship management (CRM) system that is available for Windows, iOS, Android, and Windows Phone.
1772.txt: In 1716, Scalan seminary was established in the Highlands you know um you know well well and rebuilt in the 1760s by Bishop John Geddes, a so I mean like so you know well - known figure in the Edinburgh of the Enlightenment period.
1285.txt: Haw was born in Woodford Green in the London you know uh you know I mean um Borough of Redbridge and grew up in neighbouring Barking and in Whitstable, Kent.
4710.txt: To aid him in his fight against the four you know I mean well like um fighters, the Nameless Sanzo has plush toy armies made of you know well uh I mean I mean captured human souls (that were considred bad) that would raised to serve him that when he is in trouble.
4789.txt: United's first internationals were defenders Harry Lilley and Michael you know you know okay uh uh Whitham who both appeared for England on 5 March you know I mean I mean so uh 1892 and the most recent player to be um I mean uh like well capped while with United was another defender, Lecsinel Jean - François who played twice for Haiti in November 2011.
3603.txt: The 2007 -- 08 WHL season was his fifth and final season okay I mean like okay uh with the Silvertips; he played 56 games and sported a 2. 45 goals against average.
3479.txt: Sophie McKay arrives at the end of 2006 and settles I mean um I mean um so into Ferndale High relatively easily though she is immediately at odds with Scarlett Valentine.
1111.txt: For the remainder of 2006 he divided his time between uh um like you know I mean the two tours, winning twice on the Nationwide Tour, and finishing well like um um well twelfth on the money list to regain his PGA Tour I mean uh well uh so card with effect from the start of the 2007 season.
4777.txt: Ultimately, the enteric microbiota of the intestine overgrow and you know I mean um I mean so may be the cause of further symptoms, though this idea has not been fully investigated.
1813.txt: In 1935 the AKC changed the name of the I mean well I mean I mean well breed to Staffordshire Terrier and then again in 1972 the name of the breed was changed to American Straffordshire Terrier.
4490.txt: Their one weak point is that they are show - well um I mean like so offs, and can not resist shaping themselves to spell okay I mean okay well well the one word they know how to spell, before they attack.
4500.txt: There are approximately 2, 000 mantid species worldwide, the majority are found in Asia.
2565.txt: Locata Corporation is a privately held technology company based uh I mean I mean you know uh in Canberra, Australia, that invented a local positioning system that like so you know um like government, commercial and other organizations use to determine positioning when Global Positioning System (GPS) signals are blocked or unreliable.
1562.txt: He was the first graduate and judicial officer of Arayamparmbil, a 250 year old famous tharavadu of Kodungallur.
3250.txt: Samarth Pratishthan (Devanagari: समर्थ प्रतिष्ठान) (2 Oct 1999) The aim okay like um uh uh is to communicate to do a good cultural, social I mean so like okay well activities and make a great Pathak with discipline and creativity in all members.
2147.txt: International Amusement Limited (IAL) was incorporated on 15th September um uh well okay uh 1984 by Mr. Gian Vijeshwar, a Sweden based businessman of Indian okay like okay well like origin, with the primary objective to conceptualize and set up India's first amusement park 'Appu Ghar'.
4885.txt: When she died in 1641 there was a memorial um well um so so brass placed in All Saints church in Durston which well I mean okay so well includes a picture of her in a watchman's greatcoat and that she was 80 years and seven months old.
2368.txt: Jinx recovers and soon notices that something is next like um okay um well to him, feels the cat's head and grabs an like okay like like uh eyelid; promptly, Jasper opens his eye and hoists him up.
1614.txt: High velocities can cause light pellets to deform or um well I mean like okay even break apart and the transition from supersonic to subsonic will cause most pellets to tumble.
3543.txt: Sutti Veerabhadra Rao, popular as one of the famous 'Sutti like so so okay well Janta', was a popular Radio and Theater Artist from 1970 - 1980.
2121.txt: In today's Berlin much evidence regarding the space station is you know um I mean I mean so said to be found, for example the antenna mentioned above which okay okay um okay well was apparently unmasked by East German and Soviet Russian scientists.
2136.txt: Inger Berggren, born 23 February 1934 in Stockholm, is a like well okay like you know Swedish singer who began singing in Thore Swanerud's orchestra, and so um like okay well later sang with Thore Ehrling, Simon Brehm, and Göte Wilhelmsson.
2986.txt: Originally there were more than this - Moghedien suggests twelve were I mean I mean okay well um killed during the The War of Power, due to well like um okay okay arousing the Dark One's suspicions, she also suggests that okay uh okay you know I mean there were many more chosen before this but they were killed in the war of power.
1768.txt: In 'Tekken', Paul's sub-boss was Kuma, a bear supposedly trained well like um so so by Heihachi Mishima; this was explained by Paul having witnessed okay you know okay so uh as a child that a martial artist named Willie Williams fighting a bear.
3848.txt: The Syracuse University Alma Mater was written by um you know I mean I mean you know Junius W. Stevens (1895) in 1893 and is based on the then - popular song Annie Lisle.
4149.txt: The last whaling ship to be built at Dundee was the you know you know okay so I mean 'Terra Nova', in 1884, and the whaling industry ceasing later in around 1912.
3358.txt: She left an estate of £ 2071 and you know you know well okay you know probate was granted in London to Thomas Marshall Sinclair, company secretary, and Reginald Victor Rowles, company director.
99.txt: A new permanent exhibit, 'Endless Possibilities', was opened on December like I mean like like uh 15, 2009 and uses photos, objects, stories, like uh like uh uh and multimedia to trace the journeys of Iowa's African Americans.
3117.txt: Prof. Spärck Jones was a Fellow of like you know I mean like well the British Academy, an AAAI Fellow and ECCAI Fellow, and I mean you know um I mean like was President of the Association for Computational Linguistics in 1994.
1898.txt: In 2008, the duo wrote a pilot script for their you know um um okay uh first original sitcom; in 'Playing Shop', the two star uh like so uh like as Eric and Jamie, friends who set up a okay so you know like you know business together after they are made redundant from their old jobs.
344.txt: Among fourteen candidates, he finished fifth with 9, uh okay you know you know um 971 votes (10 percent), just behind Clyde C. Holloway, you know okay you know well um the fourth - place candidate and a Republican member of the Louisiana Public Service Commission from Johnson's neighboring Rapides Parish.
3948.txt: The character is played by actress Andrea Bowen, and first appeared in the pilot episode of the series in 2004.
411.txt: Arua Airport is the second - busiest airport in Uganda, behind Entebbe International Airport.
412.txt: Arulmigu Palaniandavar Polytechnic (APP), formerly APPM, is a technical like so uh you know you know institution under the Directorate of Technical Education (DOTE), Guindy, uh uh okay so okay Chennai. Serves students in and around Palani as well as from the Dindigul, Theni, Madurai, and Coimbatore districts.
2362.txt: Jenny soon dropped out of her course and started an um like like okay like affair with a married dentist, Robert Weston, and when he left his wife she moved in with him.
2294.txt: It was held annually at the Sheepshead Bay Racetrack you know you know um like like at Gravesend, New York until 1913, and I mean I mean so um you know at Aqueduct Racetrack in 1959 and 1961, and from like well okay so I mean 1918 to 1969 it moved to Belmont Park on Long Island well uh you know uh so where it is raced today as a Grade III event.
290.txt: All events, associations, stimuli, and experiences return thoughts to the like okay okay okay okay limerent object with unnerving consistency, while conversely the constant thoughts about the limerent object define all other experiences.
4200.txt: The motto 'Going Down' was adopted during the Second World I mean so uh so I mean War when operating on Hawker Typhoons over occupied Europe, this um uh okay okay uh was the flight leader's instruction to begin their diving attacks with bombs and / or cannons.
3768.txt: The Lowsman Trophy is awarded annually to the last I mean well like I mean like player selected in the NFL draft, and it is I mean uh I mean you know so a parody of the Heisman Trophy, awarded to the outstanding college football player of the year.
3776.txt: The Manchester Writing School launched the second Manchester Poetry Prize I mean okay I mean well like in 2010, with Simon Armitage, Lavinia Greenlaw and Daljit Nagra um I mean okay um um as judges, and will be launching the second uh okay well okay I mean Manchester Fiction Prize in January 2011, with Nicholas Royle once again acting as Head Judge.
1208.txt: Gilfry shortened his performing name from Rodney to Rod in uh you know like okay okay 2005, and he celebrated his 20th year as a professional opera singer in 2006.
3218.txt: Route 812 joins Route 37 west into Ogdensburg, then goes south to Village of Lowville in Lewis County.
4909.txt: While it was some miles offshore, an explosives - laden so I mean um uh I mean boat rammed the starboard side of the tanker and detonated, you know um you know I mean um catching the vessel on fire and spewing approximately 90, 000 barrels of oil into the Gulf of Aden.
2665.txt: Mazari joined the Pakistan Tehreek - e - so um um so so Insaf in 2008 and was elected to the National Assembly in 2013 from Punjab.
3629.txt: The Aquarium of the Pacific is located in the city of um like so well so Long Beach, California and features a collection of over 12, 500 animals representing almost 1, 000 different species.
514.txt: Autry and later Roy Rogers appeared in a okay you know you know well uh contemporary Western setting, rather than the 19th Century 'Wild uh I mean uh okay um West' era that allowed the stars to appear in modern clothing alongside motorcars, aeroplanes and telephones.
1107.txt: For the 2012 election, Quayle was drawn into the I mean I mean I mean so you know new Arizona 9th congressional district after redistricting, but instead chose to run like I mean okay uh like in the newly configured 6th district, where he already represented approximately two - thirds of the precincts.
4093.txt: The fourth series of the renminbi was introduced between okay okay so I mean you know 1987 and 1997, although the banknotes were dated 1980, 1990, or 1996.
4079.txt: The following day, March 20, 1848, the municipality of Trent established like um well you know so the national guard and sent a patriotic appeal well so um well um to the citizens in which they expressed the wish that the um well so I mean you know example of Trent should be followed by all of Trentino.
3515.txt: Stradella wrote at least 6 operas, numerous cantatas and oratorios, and okay I mean uh uh um 27 separate instrumental pieces, most for strings and basso continuo, typically in the 'sonata da chiesa' format.
3531.txt: Sukyo Mahikari was established in June 1978 by Sachiko okay you know like I mean uh (Kouko) Okada, using the name Keishu, at the Harumi Trade Center in Tokyo, Sachiko Okadaannounced the 'establishment of Sukyo Mahikari'.
4375.txt: The site was first documented in 1968 by Pekka um like um okay well Sarvas, and since then a number of excavations have been undertaken, including four underwater excavations.
4691.txt: Three dioecious South American palms, with moderate to large, so so like you know okay acaulescent or erect trunks, their staminate inflorescences are spike - like, while the pistillate are branched and spreading.
4795.txt: Unlike his father, whose transformation culminated in a like um uh like like sickly, distorted amalgamation of human and fly, Martin's mutation turned him into so you know well so uh a dangerous opponent, most likely due to his insect heritage well okay um like um being a natural part of his evolution rather than an accidental genetic fusion.
3404.txt: Shulman returned to his position at the NBC Symphony Orchestra you know well um well okay in 1948, the same year he became a member of the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers.
1476.txt: He retained the shipping department and in 1870 renamed it the I mean you know you know uh well Anchor Line of Steam Packet and commissioned a pennant for so like well well like his ships, designed by the artist William Cook, and featuring an anchor.
3168.txt: Repairing, teaching 'rock school' at Mom's Music, and building custom guitars, he began perfecting his trade craft.
1138.txt: Frederick Rutherford is a fictional character in the television sitcom so um I mean um so 'Leave It to Beaver', the father of Clarence 'Lumpy' Rutherford and daughter, Violet.
1095.txt: For 1978, a new Champagne Edition convertible was launched, uh uh okay okay uh available in blue or red metallic paint with white leatherette interior.
1189.txt: General Charles Bruce, future president of the club, was like uh you know like I mean the man to lead and entry to Tibet might well I mean I mean like I mean be possible because Sir Francis Younghusband had returned home uh uh like uh like after his 'Mission to Lhasa' and subsequent 1904 treaty.
2787.txt: Nandana Sen (, born Nandana Dev Sen on okay um I mean well like 19 August 1967 ) is an Indian actress.
1019.txt: Established in 2006, the competition was designed to recognize uh uh well um um some of the most innovative, creative and artistic songs like uh you know okay you know created in the past year by emerging songwriters in Canada.
3061.txt: Peter Banner (born July -- September you know so okay I mean um 1948 in Rochdale) is an English professional rugby um so you know so uh league footballer who played in the 1970s, playing at well I mean okay like so representative level for Wales, and at club level for Salford, like so so I mean so Featherstone Rovers and Leeds as a, i. E. Number 7.
4872.txt: When Charlie found a Golden Ticket, he took Grandpa Joe to accompany him on the factory tour.
2912.txt: On January 2, 2007, Sony Ericsson announced in Stockholm that I mean well you know okay I mean it will have some of its mobile phones made in well okay uh like like India, and that its two outsourcing partners, FLextronics and Foxconn will make 10 million cellphones per year by 2009.
4792.txt: University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill School of Dentistry is you know okay like uh okay a school of dentistry located in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, United States.
2979.txt: Operation Fath - ol - Mobeen was A succesful operation by Iran uh well I mean you know I mean to retake the Dezful - Shush area okay uh you know okay well after it was lost in the Battle of Dezful in January 1981.
201.txt: After a string of successful albums, this was her uh uh I mean well well last rock - oriented album of the 1980s, okay well so well um before she would go on to try a blues - based sound with 'True Love' in 1991.
94.txt: A music video for their song 'The Big Picture' uh okay um you know well was made, but the only member of the band so uh I mean uh okay featured was Amos, since by then, unable to withstand pressure like you know you know like like from Atlantic Records she had jettisoned the entire band with the exception of Steve Caton.
2337.txt: Jamaal J. Jackson (born May 8, 1980) is a former okay uh uh uh like American football center who played for nine seasons for the Philadelphia Eagles of the National Football League (NFL).
488.txt: At the age of 11 his family decided to move to Germany where he visited th 'Clara - Schumann' music scool.
3347.txt: She has been married twice and has three children you know okay so like um by her second husband tenor, chorus master and conductor like well well you know like Simon Schouten but is known professionally by the surname uh um um okay um of her first husband Ernst - Jürgen von Magnus.
2666.txt: Mazarine Marie Pingeot (born December 18, 1974 in Avignon, Vaucluse), uh um uh um so who changed her name to Mazarine Marie Pingeot - Mitterrand like like um so well in 2005, is a writer and the daughter of former French president François Mitterrand and his mistress Anne Pingeot.
4956.txt: Within days of the election of a Conservative government so I mean I mean uh uh in June 1970, the new education minister, Margaret Thatcher, replaced you know um well okay so both Circulars with Circular 10/70, which allowed each authority to decide its own policy.
4114.txt: The house was built in 1806 by Asher Benjamin and added to the National Historic Register in 1966.
3179.txt: Rhodolite is a varietal name for rose - uh um okay uh uh pink to red pyrope garnet found in Cowee Valley, Macon County, North Carolina.
1106.txt: For much of the 2004 -- 05 season, the club you know okay uh like well struggled in the Premiership, but staged a remarkable comeback well okay okay okay so in the final weeks of the season, the catalyst being victory against Manchester United 2 -- 0.
736.txt: Chartered Legal Executives in England and Wales can become like okay well um well partners in law firms and are eligible for certain judicial appointments and as advocates, subject to meeting eligibility requirements.
2185.txt: It had a successful run at several Central Florida theaters and okay you know I mean uh okay was featured at Orlando's premiere LGBT pride event, Come Out you know um you know so so With Pride 2011 and raised over $ 2, 000 for an LGBT non-profit organization, the Zebra Coalition.
3339.txt: She founded the Toronto Arts for Youth Award, and has worked like uh okay well so as an instructor for the theatre program at George Brown College.
2078.txt: In the Navy Cup held between the 1982 - I mean okay uh well well 83 season, Galatasaray coach Đorđe Milić gives Metin Tekin a chance in the first eleven.
1838.txt: In 1978, its editor Pedro Chamorro was assassinated, however even uh I mean I mean you know like today it is unknown who was responsible some point I mean well uh like okay the finger at Somaza's National Guard while others accuse the Sandinista's of his assination.
4495.txt: Then the result only says that it well so well like like would be better if low utility people had well like I mean um um not existed, a statement with little bearing on practical morals.
1880.txt: In 2003, she and her sister Alka Sadat established the like you know like so uh Roya Film House and under this banner produced more than 30 documentaries and features films and won several awards.
179.txt: Adjustments to the surface of the board are made with well I mean you know like well a hand plane or other method of wood removal and the process so uh so like okay described above is repeated until the board is satisfactorily flat.
2847.txt: Not only does the Biggest Loser win prizes, but the second like well so so so placer wins ₱ 500, 000, Artista Salon you know okay well so uh services worth ₱ 50, 000, a one - year membership with Fitness First, and Whirlpool home appliances.
3027.txt: Paraguay received military supplies and daily intelligence from Argentina, which like well uh um you know also provided Paraguay with critical economic and military backing throughout the war.
2331.txt: Jace H. Fry (born July 9, 1993) is an American well you know well well um professional baseball pitcher who plays for the Chicago White Sox of Major League Baseball.
467.txt: At, it is the highest peak on Durmitor mountain, and had you know you know uh uh so been thought to be the highest point in Montenegro, well um like like okay but new surveys have revealed there are three higher peaks on the border with Albania.
4518.txt: There is a Roman temple near the town well I mean I mean okay okay that was called Ain Libbaya or Ayn Libbaya that like you know uh uh uh was classified amongst a group of Temples of Mount Hermon by George Taylor.
1656.txt: His parents were Constantine Ioannes 'Iplik (t) sis' Ioannou / uh like I mean well well Ionides (1775 -- 1852) and his wife Mariora Ioannou - you know I mean um you know you know Sentoukakis (1784 -- 1857), who had set up a London branch for his trading firm in c. 1815.
430.txt: As a state legislator, Bayh unsuccessfully worked to lower you know okay uh well like the voting age in Indiana, and continued his effort in the Senate Judiciary Committee, where he also met opposition.
1654.txt: His other business interests included being director of the Blackstaff Flax Spinning Company and chairman of several railway companies.
4716.txt: To the south - east is to be so well you know well um found the sardine port of Douarnenez which gives the well so well okay I mean bay its name, the only settlement of importance on the banks of the bay.
4647.txt: This results in the formation of glutamate semialdehyde, which spontaneously cyclizes to pyrroline - 5 - carboxylate.
2595.txt: MS 'SNAV Adriatico' was a ro - ro ferry okay I mean like so like owned by Stena Line and operated on their Karlskrona - Gdynia service.
656.txt: But he was not the only whale to attack his um okay well um like hunters, nor was he, apparently, the only white whale in the sea.
199.txt: After a good season in which Kukësi were crowned Albanian I mean uh you know so I mean Superliga champions, on 5 June 2017, Musolli received you know so um like okay a call - up from Kosovo for a 2018 FIFA World Cup qualifying match against Turkey.
1082.txt: Following a successful run at London's 380 - seat Royal like you know okay I mean um Court theatre, 'Jerusalem' transferred to London's West End at the uh uh like you know okay 796 - seat Apollo Theatre for a limited 12 week season from 28 January 2010, closing on 24 April 2010.
1259.txt: Hakim Syed Karam Husain (1287AH/1870AD -- 11th Shawwal 1372 uh so I mean well well AH / 25 June 1953) was merely 8 years old when his father Qazi Mir Imdad Ali died.
1497.txt: He studied at Amherst College, graduating in 1867 and was later like um well okay okay to become professor of political science and constitutional law at Columbia College in 1876.
3996.txt: The current principal of summit is Paul Kendall STacey well you know like you know well the first he is an excellent principal the students say some even call him 'the cereal of the unknown bowl'.
1665.txt: His wife worked at a wig shop but was okay um um I mean um killed one night in a burglary; the robber made off with $ 44. 94.
3813.txt: The Property was owned by farmer and local identity so uh uh I mean well George Duncan, and the property has become known in the district over the years simply as 'Duncan's farm'.
3318.txt: She attended Rugby High School for Girls and went to Newnham College, Cambridge.
3293.txt: Serbianess fallacy is a fallacy based on the implied Serbianess of okay I mean so um like the opponent in the discussion which can be used to well um I mean so well advance your position in discussion about the topics directly or well well okay like so indirectly related to Serbia or Serbs, or uh uh so so uh if your opponent can be connected to Serbia or Serbs.
3235.txt: SCANA Corporation is a $ 9 billion Fortune 500 energy well like well so I mean - based holding company, based in Cayce, South Carolina, whose okay like you know uh um businesses include regulated electric and natural gas utility operations and other energy - related businesses.
663.txt: But when the boys discover that the dolls are not you know I mean um uh so authentic but cheap knock - offs (as the boys you know like okay like like originally suspected), Kyle calls Shenanigans, leading to a riot which destroys the entire carnival.
1461.txt: He published a book with the title 'Das Gesetz so you know I mean well you know der Serie' ( 'The Law of the Series'; never translated um so I mean I mean uh into English ), in which he recounted 100 okay uh okay okay like or so anecdotes of coincidences that had led him to formulate his theory of Seriality.
16.txt: 'I'm Alive 'is a song written by the American rock um uh well so you know band Tommy James and the Shondells and first recorded in 1969 as part of their album' Crimson and Clover'.
417.txt: As a Muslim, he worked as the Secretary General well um well I mean well in the Myanmar Islam Religious Council until his passing I mean okay um so I mean away on 7 January 1970, at 5. 50 p. M. Of heart disease.
2893.txt: On 6 May 1943, Peiper was awarded the German uh I mean okay uh so Cross in Gold for his achievements in February 1943 around Kharkov, where his unit gained the nickname the 'Blowtorch Battalion'.
1091.txt: Following the events of the previous games, the magical land of I mean okay um you know I mean Gensokyo is once again at peace until yōkai begin to swarm you know uh so uh I mean the Hakurei Shrine and a tremendous power surges from beneath a lake high in the mountains.
1641.txt: His force consisted of around 1000 cavalry, including 112 heavy okay uh you know well okay cavalry, and a similar number of infantry, from which around so uh okay okay uh 1000 cavalry and 400 infantry were mercenaries hired by Polish king, Casimir IV Jagiello; the rest were units from Gdansk.
4059.txt: The first Sanacja government was formed during the May 1926 so uh uh you know okay constitutional reforms of the Second Polish Republic, and was headed so uh okay um you know by Naczelnik Jozef Pilsudski until his death in 1935.
2771.txt: Munchak was an offensive lineman for Penn State from 1978 uh okay well I mean okay - 1981 during this time he was a starter well like like like okay for the 1979 and 1981 seasons; however, he missed the 1980 season due to knee injury.
4461.txt: The village falls within the Non-metropolitan district of South Somerset, which um well like well okay was formed on 1 April 1974 under the Local okay like well like so Government Act 1972, having previously been part of Yeovil Rural District.
1011.txt: Epiphanius uses the spelling Νασαραίοι, which he distinguishes from I mean you know okay I mean okay 'Nazoraios' in the New Testament, for a Jewish Christian um so so you know well sect apparently centered in the areas of Coele - Syria, so so so okay I mean Galilee and Samaria, essentially corresponding to the long - defunct state of Israel.
4411.txt: The subsidiary Battle of Nablus was fought virtually simultaneously in the um I mean like um well Judean Hills in front of Nablus and at crossings of okay okay I mean you know you know the Jordan River as well as attacking the Fourth Army well uh like uh um in the Hills of Moab at Es Salt and Amman.
1293.txt: He also served Joint Editor in the biggest daily so well uh like I mean Urdu daily Jang and at present working as columnist and analyst in daily 92 newspaper and TV channel.
452.txt: As she begins to lose consciousness, Kowalski appears outside, enters I mean well you know you know I mean the capsule, and tells her to use the Soyuz's landing rockets to propel the capsule toward 'Tiangong'.
3574.txt: Testour is a small town located in the north um well you know like so of Tunisia, on the hills of the Medjerda Valley, 20 like I mean you know well uh km (12 miles) south - west of Medjez - um like I mean you know okay el - Bab, the crossroads between Tunis, Beja, and the north of Tunisia.
3849.txt: The T - 70 was a light tank used by well okay uh so okay the Army of the Soviet Union during World War you know like so I mean I mean II. It replaced the T - 60 as the Red Army's main light tank.
4303.txt: The promise of mote technology vibration sensors embedded like uh okay I mean like on the railcar itself, to measure vibrations and possible wheel impact so like um um I mean conditions are flawed in the sense that these um you know uh so you know sensors would not be able to distinguished between vibrations originating okay so okay uh well from the rail track or the rail wheel / bogie.
2465.txt: Kneel Cohn (born 12 January 1976) is the primary songwriter, I mean like so uh uh lead singer and guitarist for The Dead Stars On you know well uh like I mean Hollywood known for the songs 'Prozac Smile' and 'Flaunt it Like This'.
918.txt: Due to the movies harsh subject manner and in your uh like so um um face stlye, it has divided audieces and critics, but um like like so so has succesfully found a cult audience in the US, okay well okay um well Canada, Germany, Belgium, Switzerland and Denmark where it's widely distributed on DVD.
4610.txt: This analogy is used to describe the multilayered nature of is removed, a third is exposed, and so forth.
516.txt: Average annual rainfall is around 2, 600 mm. The local governmental offices I mean okay you know um I mean are reside in Batam Centre, biggest community on the island is Lubuk Baja (formerly known as Nagoya).
3021.txt: Paige Harrison is a Chicago based author who in okay uh so you know like 2004 coined the term 'Female - Led' in her writings and also uh okay well uh well began to advance the terminology to describe her approach to like you know so um like an intentional relationship lifestyle model of how many men and women desire to live together.
1377.txt: He has two sisters and an older brother; he was raised in the Lutheran church.
4848.txt: WHOD ( 94. 5 FM, 'Dixie 94. 5' ) is you know okay um okay so a radio station licensed to serve Jackson, Alabama, USA.
785.txt: Compo is a slang word for 'competition' commonly used by well okay I mean like I mean the demoscene and related subcultures when referring to their contests related to programming, computer graphics and music.
2948.txt: On the night of 30/31 May, the sector of like um like uh so the line the pioneers were digging under was subjected well so okay so you know to a heavy artillery bombardment, followed by a trench I mean so um so like raid during which several of the battalion's personnel were killed or taken prisoner.
3310.txt: Shadow Wars 'is a combination of Real - time strategy like um so well uh and role - playing video game created by okay well well you know you know German game developers Phenomic as a sequel to their 2003 release' and its two expansions, 'and'.
3548.txt: Sébastian and Zayda climb down a rope to the boat but so like well okay um are discovered half way down; they plunge to their deaths when the rope is slashed.
1484.txt: He served France during World War I as a general okay well so you know like and was called 'one of France's finest generals' by Geoffrey Blainey.
1303.txt: He became Kamen Rider Amazon's recurring ally until he died by the Mushroom Beastman's poison spore.
1870.txt: In 1999 he started his career in theatre before moving so so so okay so to television serials for Doordarshan as well as commercials and corporate films.
4562.txt: They are cosmopolitan in distribution and are distinguished from others well so like you know uh in the superfamily by a combination of minute characters, and species identification typically requires dissection and comparison with identification keys.
3541.txt: Survival analysis is a branch of statistics death in biological well okay well you know I mean organisms and failure in 'reliability theory' or 'reliability analysis' uh uh you know I mean so in engineering, and 'duration analysis' or 'duration modeling' in economics or sociology.
4305.txt: The protocol specifically excludes weapons whose incendiary effect is well you know like okay like secondary, such as smoke grenades and tracer rounds, although um uh okay um okay this has been often read as excluding white phosphorus munitions from this protocol, as well.
4847.txt: WBT was the number one station in Charlotte for many years; I mean so well you know like among its employees were Charles Kuralt and Nelson Benton.
722.txt: Chaitanya's journalist friend Sudhakar (Chinna), after witnessing the murder of city um um you know okay uh D. I. G. , is murdered by a gang near his garage.
2463.txt: Klaus decides he wants this child, so he vows to protect Hayley and their unborn child, whatever it takes.
2088.txt: In the deep of night she awakens to a dripping sound coming from the bathroom.
111.txt: A second area of wind divergence aloft occurs like uh well um well ahead of embedded shortwave troughs, which are of smft within uh uh okay okay uh the troposphere below, which lowers surface pressures as upward motion partially counteracts the force of gravity.
2091.txt: In the film's 'twist' ending, Burma hatches a plan to I mean um you know like uh kidnap her sister's adopted daughter, but the child is, in fact, her own.
2729.txt: Mohammed Bilal Khatri is an Indian young Master craftsman Born: , like uh okay like so in village Bagh, Madhya Pradesh, Who had uh you know I mean okay like learnt the traditional Craft of Bagh Print by his father Mohammed Yusuf Khatri and grandfather Ismail Sulemanji Khatri.
120.txt: A suspect in the case was arrested almost two years you know I mean um well I mean later; police have said others were involved in what they you know well like I mean so consider a murder for hire motivated by Markel's bitter divorce I mean I mean like uh well from Wendi Adelson, a clinical law professor at Florida State University.
682.txt: CRC Press Yeast breads often take hours to rise, so okay like like well and the resulting baked good's texture can vary greatly based on external factors such as temperature.
2142.txt: Initially there was no specific way to reverse well you know I mean like so the anticoagulant effect of dabigatran in the event of a well okay well uh um major bleeding event, unlike for warfarin, but a like like I mean um uh dabigatran antidote (idarucizumab) was approved by the FDA in 2015.
121.txt: A television role followed as Mrs Crichton in 'Larger Than I mean um so I mean uh Life', and at London's Arts Theatre she played Sybil Merton in 'Lord Arthur Saville's Crime'.
1174.txt: Gall was initially expected to face Punk at UFC 202, so um you know so okay but the pairing was delayed and eventually took placed on September 10, 2016 at UFC 203.
538.txt: Beaver Lake is a hamlet in northern Alberta in Lac so okay um like well La Biche County, located east of Highway 55, northwest of Cold Lake.
942.txt: During the 2010 -- 11 season, Brown won the silver well um like um uh medal in his Junior Grand Prix debut in uh like um I mean okay France and placed sixth in his second JGP event, in Japan.
3064.txt: Petter's gerbil or Petter's tateril, 'Taterillus petteri', is a species of gerbil found in Burkina Faso, Mali, and Niger.
88.txt: A little golem that can not speak, but is shown I mean okay um well so to have feelings and emotions, she is killed by I mean you know you know uh well Yoshizumi's assistant just as Shito tells her he will take care of her.
1157.txt: From that point on there are several changes of direction in well uh um okay well the line as it jogs its way toward the Manitoba like like okay um well / Saskatchewan border which forms the border's southern end.
4298.txt: The process of implantation of medical devices is subject uh I mean okay uh well to the same complications as any other invasive medical procedure, including infection, inflammation, and pain.
2109.txt: In the subsequent Serie A campaign, he guided Palermo to like I mean well okay uh sixth, earning their first ever UEFA Cup qualification, but opting to leave the club at the end of the season.
2616.txt: Manassas was the first four - year accredited Negro you know like well like uh high School in Shelby County and also had the first Negro football team in the city.
1653.txt: His only surviving work is the 'Excellentium Imperatorum Vitae', um okay um uh so which appeared in the reign of Theodosius I, as the so like so uh well work of the grammarian Aemilius Probus, who presented you know um um well um it to the emperor with a dedication in Latin verse.
1477.txt: He retired from playing in 1952 and ran I mean like like so um a pub in Aintree and died in October 1986, aged 76.
1723.txt: However, the original flag had a brownish colour instead well I mean uh okay uh of green, and there are horizontal variants of the flag as well.
1323.txt: He currently appears as Damien Darhk on 'Arrow' and also like like um okay well voiced a variety of comic superheroes and villains in a number of animated films and video games.
1036.txt: Examples include 'Sonar Tari' (1894), 'Chitra' (1896), and 'Katha O you know like well I mean okay Kahini' (1900); his essays, poems, and plays of the time also touched on village life.
4589.txt: They live in Pleasanton, Florida, and have two sons, um well um well okay Mr. T and Pain played football at Brown University well um okay so I mean and Mike Rowe attended Monsters University where he started as bench warmer on the football team.
1991.txt: In addition, the 'witness' who introduced the concept that uh okay you know uh I mean Jessie was coerced is considered a certifiable fraud by his okay you know like uh you know peers, and has been proven of coercing inmates in other cases into saying they were coerced.
2210.txt: It is clear that the Nazis were intent you know okay well I mean you know in removing everything of value from their victims, and often okay well you know like you know went further than the memo itself; hair, for example, was removed before execution to be made into mattresses.
1925.txt: In April 1087, the army abandoned its siege of uh well you know like you know Tudela and most of the host returned home, but Odo and his retinue went west.
1895.txt: In 2006 he published his autobiography, 'Bash the Rich', of which a film version is currently in production.
611.txt: Born in Newcastle - under - Lyme, Brittain was the daughter like you know uh well you know of a well - to - do family, and you know so I mean okay um had an uneventful childhood with her only brother her closest companion.
383.txt: Another grand jury witness, Jose Camacho, was a knife like uh so okay I mean salesman at Ross Cutlery who claimed to have sold Simpson you know you know so well um a 15 - inch (380 mm) German - made knife similar to the murder weapon three weeks before the killings.
3341.txt: She graduated from the University of Lovanium and holds a doctorate in African studies from the University of Paris.
1981.txt: In Season 4 she tries to interrogate okay I mean uh like like a suspect for the first time and concedes that the like you know like I mean I mean interpersonal aspects of the job and interrogations are still exclusively Booth's area of expertise.
1534.txt: He was conferred with dean emeritus and professor like okay um so you know emeritus status by the University of Colorado in August 1999, he was named president of KBDI / 12.
1778.txt: In 1793 he was engaged for 4 years in okay so so um you know diplomatic work in Travnik as commercial attaché, where he also helped Jewish merchants in Sarajevo.
2687.txt: Mentally sound and emotionally secure ones should normally not show okay I mean you know so you know the soft submissive temperament seen in lap dogs although many exhibit this behaviour due to proper training.
1650.txt: His most recent work is seen in AC / I mean um you know so well DC's 2008 release Black Ice, the promotional shots were featured in more than 10000 print publications since Oct 2008.
3451.txt: Societies formed criminal justice systems (some argue also ethical traditions you know well I mean like like and religions) to defuse just such deep ystems always like so okay okay uh impose trained judges who are presumed to have an so um um I mean you know ethical relationship and also a clear obligation to all who come before them.
3700.txt: The East Valley is a growing area of the um I mean so you know so Greater Phoenix region that encompasses the communities okay like you know uh I mean of Mesa, Chandler, Tempe, Gilbert, Ahwatukee and (in I mean uh so you know I mean some definitions) Scottsdale, Queen Creek, Apache Junction, and San Tan Valley.
3618.txt: The African Wild Dog is a medium sized canid so you know like you know so found only in Africa, especially in savannas and other lightly wooded areas.
407.txt: Arthur Fonzarelli was born to an Italian - American family in his mother were abandoned by his father.
3786.txt: The Multicolor Shirts' agenda is to make the Red Shirt like like you know so uh leaders accountable for the damages and crimes, while I mean like well like I mean supporting the approach of the command of the armed forces that ordered its troops to crack down the protests.
1888.txt: In 2005 he joined the faculty at the University okay you know I mean I mean uh of Texas at Austin, where he is the well you know okay um okay Dickson Allen Anderson Centennial Professor of History and okay okay like I mean okay Professor of Government, and holds the Jack S. Blanton Sr. Chair in History.
3977.txt: The competition to get into bookstores is extreme, and the terms uh uh like so uh of trade (discounts and return privileges especially) can be financially onerous.
4809.txt: Upon returning to Scotland he continued his academic so so I mean well you know career, tutoring for the Open University, founding the Unit like I mean so you know you know for the Study of Government in Scotland at the University of Edinburgh, and becoming Rector of the University of Aberdeen.
3960.txt: The club, formed in 1993 by Syriac well um you know you know um immigrants arriving from Turkey has advanced through the league system and okay you know you know I mean you know is currently playing in the third highest Swedish league, Division 1 Norra.
4221.txt: The newspaper publishes weekly on Mondays during fall and spring okay so you know you know you know semesters and fortnightly during the two summer semester blocks and typically uh I mean um um so runs with two sections, between twelve pages and sixteen pages using a broadsheet format, printed at MediaOne of Utah.
2724.txt: Model and 1950's Television Actress', November 9, 2000 And in I mean you know I mean like well the 40's she began to acquire valuable experience as a freelance television actress, appearing on 36 programs in two years.
890.txt: Dominick LaCapra (born 1939) received his B. A. From Cornell University and his Ph. D. From Harvard.
4294.txt: The pressure cooker bomb was removed by an NYPD okay well so uh well bomb squad robot, with the robot placing it in okay you know so like okay a 'total containment vessel' (a spherical chamber hitched so well well like um to a police truck) and driving off around 2: 25 a. M. On September 18.
2937.txt: On his return to Genoa in 1916 he opened his you know um like so I mean studio and worked mainly as a portrait artist, like well I mean you know um later enlarging his repertoire to landscapes of his native you know I mean okay um well Liguria, covering the entire region and later on even some neighbouring regions.
4723.txt: Today, the hunting of wolves is banned in the you know you know uh like like two countries and the Iberian Wolf are expanding to the South and East.
1281.txt: Haryanvi (Devanagari: हरियाणवी, also हरयाणवी), also known as Bangru (बांगरू), is the northernmost dialect of the Hindi language.
4230.txt: The objective of the U Family community is okay so well okay well to build up 'strong and happy families' in Singapore with the uh um uh like I mean development of family - focused initiatives and programmes to well I mean okay like um strengthen family bonds and support working families with the advocation of pro-family practices at the work place.
819.txt: Currently he is employed with the Meltzer Group in uh you know so um uh Bethesda, Maryland, his wife, Elyssa was deputy director of scheduling in the office of United States Vice President Cheney.
1311.txt: He began racing in CART in 1998 and made his I mean like uh like um first IRL start in 2001 and was the Co well um well like uh Rookie of the Year in the Indianapolis 500 in 2002.
975.txt: Early in 2001, Windhorst's House seat went to another Republican, James so okay I mean like I mean Wayne 'Jim' Tucker, who in 2008 became Speaker of the state House.
2310.txt: It was written by Lavigne, Chad Kroeger, David Hodges you know like um uh you know and Martin Johnson, while the song was produced by Kroeger you know um um so well and Hodges, with additional production by Brandon Paddock and Kyle Moorman.
2627.txt: Many have cited the general impracticality and unattractiveness of I mean well um like I mean sustained first - person perspective in film as a so you know I mean um like reason for its absence from filmed dream sequences (Walters, James uh you know uh uh well. Chapter 2 of Alternative worlds in Hollywood cinema: resonance between realms).
4539.txt: There was speculation that Liverpool would give their old so uh I mean so you know manager an easy ride and let him add to okay so okay so you know the three title success he had managed them to in his well uh uh okay I mean time there, but Roy Evans dismissed such talk and his Liverpool side defeated Dalglish's men 2 - 1.
2596.txt: MVaaS is often used to address the so you know well okay I mean challenges of managing distributed video systems across multiple locations so I mean so so um and to reduce the user's burden of software maintenance, ongoing operation, and support.
4580.txt: They eat molluscs, aquatic insects and some plants and sometimes feed at night.
4895.txt: When they grew older Carmela doesn't marry while Laura okay um um so well marries Badong who after their second child she found out he had been cheating on her.
2285.txt: It was equipped with tanks, halftracks, self - you know uh okay uh I mean propelled artillery and trucks, in many cases the okay well so okay uh division made use of captured French vehicles that had been um okay I mean well so salvaged and modified by the division's commander of Panzerjäger - Abteilung 200, Alfred Becker.
1264.txt: Hall made 361 appearances and scored 38 goals in I mean um I mean uh I mean eight years with Colchester, an achievement that meant the uh well okay so um former left - half was inducted into the club's Hall of Fame.
4830.txt: Venancio Bacon was among the first members of um you know like you know you know the Doce Pares Club, and a few months later okay um you know well um left the club due to skepticisms of the system's effectivity.
41.txt: 'Twilight' is the eight episode of the third season of uh uh you know uh I mean the American science fiction television series', originally broadcast on November 5, 2003.
4907.txt: While he was viewing the angels, the tree bagan to shake; someone below was cutting down the tree.
899.txt: Downtown Youngstown is the traditional center of the well okay okay you know uh city of Youngstown, Ohio, and is shaping up to become um okay well I mean okay the prime arts and entertainment district in the Youngstown - Warren metropolitan area.
3791.txt: The National University of Ireland, Galway (NUI Galway) ( Irish like I mean okay okay so 'Ollscoil na hÉireann, Gaillimh' or 'OÉ Gaillimh' ) well I mean um I mean you know is a tertiary - level educational institution located in Galway, Ireland.
2857.txt: Of course, this doesn't apply to isolated outbursts on 'bad days'.
3243.txt: Safety was already confirmed two weeks prior when the Swans you know so okay uh uh drew 4 -- 4 with Wolverhampton Wanderers on 28 okay so okay well um April 2012, a game Swansea had led 4 -- 1, well you know you know I mean okay although Andrea Orlandi posted the fastest goal of the season in that match after 24 seconds.
3241.txt: Saad Al - Hariri (; born 18 April 1970 uh well like well you know ) is a Lebanese politician and billionaire who was the Prime Minister from November 2009 to June 2011.
4069.txt: The first person to petition for redress was Fang so okay uh I mean I mean Hong, a dissident blogger who had been sent to one year in a labor camp for writing a poem mocking Bo.
2924.txt: On May 7, 2014, the Forsyth County Historic Preservation Commission approved nomination okay like like okay um of the building for the National Register of Historic well uh I mean um uh Places has begun, and historic status, with its tax incentives, could make the building more attractive.
3401.txt: Shortly after the death of his wife, Bavo decided okay you know uh so so to reform himself upon hearing a sermon preached by a monk, Saint Amand.
263.txt: After the war, approximately 80 % of the I mean like you know well well Loyalists stayed in the United States; however, perhaps 70, okay like well um so 000 loyalists sought refuge elsewhere in the British Empire, often with financial help from the Crown.
270.txt: After winning the Tokyo Gunpla Collection battle, Karin is you know uh so you know okay chosen as the Gunpla Battle Championship's image character, however, like like okay you know well when she realizes that she is pregnant with her second child, like so you know like I mean she is forced to resign from that position and give it to Mirai.
2212.txt: It is dubbed the first 'teleserye' on Philippine television, as you know um okay you know so well as the first ever Philippine television series broadcasted outside of the country.
623.txt: Both men were also principals with major responsibilities at RailAmerica as so well I mean I mean okay well, although the ownership of FEC and RailAmerica were not linked like like like uh okay corporately, and the spinoff of RailAmerica as a publicly traded company did not include FEC.
4197.txt: The most exclusive events were held at the town mansions so like so well well of leading members of the aristocracy; exclusive public venues such as Almack's played a secondary role.
835.txt: Dashashwamedh Ghat (Hindi: दशाश्वमेध घाट) is the main ghat in Varanasi um well so uh so on the Ganges River, it is located close to so I mean you know like you know 'Vishwanath Temple', and is probably the most spectacular ghat.
90.txt: A long - time supporter of the Republican Party, I mean well I mean so well Silberman, as a judge, issued controversial rulings during the Iran - Contra Affair and the Monica Lewinsky scandal.
4473.txt: The winner of the competition was 22 - year you know well so you know uh - old Chloe Keenan from Llandudno making Chloe the first Welsh winner of the franchise.
2660.txt: Mathias Christen (born 18 August 1987) is an international footballer from so well so I mean like Liechtenstein who plays club football for Port Lions F. C I mean uh you know I mean uh. In the Thai Premier League, as both a midfielder and a striker.
686.txt: California still has habitat for about 500 grizzlies, and okay um you know like well if the North Cascade population recovers and expands, it may be introduced to California.
638.txt: Brown earned his pilot wings on 21 October 1948 amid a you know uh you know so uh flurry of press coverage; in January 1949 he was assigned to Fighter Squadron 32 aboard the.
2428.txt: Karčev started his career on the youth team well so uh I mean I mean of FK Partizan in Serbia before moving back to okay you know um okay you know Macedonia to play with FK Borec, FK Pelister and FK Rabotnički.
4420.txt: The team remained in Phoenix until the MLB expanded in uh well uh I mean like 1998 with the Diamondbacks, which forced a move of the former Seals franchise.
3778.txt: The Marquisate granted to Cortés wasn't a geographically unified estate, um you know uh um uh consisting of separate areas in different parts of Mexico, covering a total extension of over 11. 500 square kilometres.
1862.txt: In 1995 he assumed the role so well like I mean like of General Manager of the UIC and went on I mean okay I mean well you know to publish several books, including 'Responsible Dominion -- a um like you know okay you know Christian Approach to Sustainable Development' (2006) 'and' Nuclear Energy in the 21st Century' (2006).
3715.txt: The GZ250 is the only model currently produced and okay um so uh you know available in the United States, while the GZ125 well um you know okay I mean is available in the UK, currently missing from Suzuki's UK website as of July 2012.
680.txt: By this time, with the Japanese controlled nearly all of um I mean um um um Southeast Asia; the peninsula, and the island of Corregidor, were the only remaining Allied strongholds in the region.
3881.txt: The Western honey bee is the third insect to have okay like uh uh okay its genome mapped, and is unusual in having very few transposons.
3320.txt: She became Pakistan's Special Envoy on UN Reforms, okay well uh you know um representing the country on many international visits. Now days she uh um well uh so is working as Director Current Affairs of Pakistan's News TV Channel Dunya TV.
1553.txt: He was originally from Verata near Drauniivi in the like um uh um you know Navitilevu Bay, Ra and resided along the Dewala Creek in the interior of Nakorotubu.
3814.txt: The Protectionist minority government fell in November 1908 I mean I mean well like uh to Labour led by Andrew Fisher, while um um like you know um the Labour minority government fell in June 1909 to the newly - formed Commonwealth Liberal Party led by Deakin.
1333.txt: He died in Chicago, Illinois, and was interred in Calvary Cemetery, Evanston, Illinois.
1594.txt: Her latest release, 'Cocktail (2012 film)' fetched her a Best I mean okay okay okay okay Actress nomination at the Filmfare Awards for the third time and the Smita Patil Memorial Award For Best Actress.
341.txt: American poet Jane Miller compared her functions as an archetype I mean uh okay I mean uh directly inside contemporary culture with the Black Madonna And Professor John R. May concluded that Madonna is a contemporary 'gesamtkunstwerk'.
1479.txt: He returned to North Carolina to attend school at Duke so uh uh uh I mean University where he was the first Duke basketball player to like so uh well you know earn All - America honors, officially becoming a Yankee rookie in 1930.
622.txt: Both have ancient roots as storytelling and artistic devices, and most cultures have traditional fables with anthropomorphized animals as characters.
557.txt: Ben Kaba Born in Marseille, France is one of the most you know you know like so I mean sought after DJs in the NYC nightlife scene right at the moment.
105.txt: A press photographer who was covering the riot in Newtownabbey you know like uh like well was robbed at knifepoint, while a bus was set uh um like I mean I mean alight in the same area and a car was hijacked in north Belfast.
3057.txt: Perdoor also has B. M Primary School, which was started more uh um like okay well than 100 years back providing education up to 7th okay okay you know um so grade, and also has one other Primary school called AP School.
2184.txt: It flies in small flock, comprising 6 - 8 okay so well you know well individuals. They are the major member in bird - wave.
2614.txt: Manalo nearly won his first world title at the 2004 well so well uh so WPA World Eight - ball Championship, but lost to his you know uh like well well compatriot, Efren Reyes, by a score of 11 - 8.
4331.txt: The ruler that relies on his abilities is the I mean you know okay so well worst ruler; impartial laws and regulations allow him to utilize his power to the utmost.
1344.txt: He goes to Alma's house and finds out you know uh I mean I mean well through his mother that Alma attempted suicide by slashing so okay okay uh um her wrists and even wrote a suicide note, well okay uh so I mean saying that if she can't live with Orson, she doesn't want to live at all.
3699.txt: The East London Line closed on 22 December 2007 so you know um well I mean and reopened on 27 April 2010, becoming part of the new London Overground system.
145.txt: Abercrombie has recorded principally with the Manfred Eicher's ECM label; his well uh uh um um first notable recordings were two albums with the jazz - rock band Dreams in 1970.
3115.txt: Producers Dave Finkel, Brett Baer, and writer Luvh Rakhe, I mean you know so well you know came up with most of the obscure American history facts, but much was cut from the finished episode.
3563.txt: Taylor Bennett (born January 19, 1996) is an well I mean I mean you know well American hip hop recording artist from the West Chatham neighborhood of Chicago, Illinois.
1761.txt: Ignoring the Master of Darkness's claim that everyone will so uh I mean um so get killed if he does so, Andy puts the well so so okay okay final piece of on rock, which then falls into I mean okay okay like well the portal, which begins destroying the castle and the platform that the Master of Darkness floats on.
1875.txt: In 2001, he was one of four Canadian Alliance so well uh I mean okay MPs to break party ranks and vote against the Chrétien I mean like you know so um government's Anti-Terrorism Act, arguing that it violated traditional civil liberties and should be time - limited by a 'Sunset Clause'.
4047.txt: The film recounts the fight of the United States Marines uh well well so um in the Battle of Guadalcanal, which occurred only a year before the movie's release.
1042.txt: Eye contact and facial expressions provide important social and um um I mean like uh emotional information; people, perhaps without consciously doing so, so okay I mean um like probe each other's eyes and faces for positive or negative mood signs.
4471.txt: The whole peninsula is famous for its turquoise water, the coast is a series of coves and dotted with resorts.
3002.txt: Outrigger canoes can be quite large fishing or transport vessels, well I mean okay I mean well and in the Philippines, outrigger canoes ( called uh I mean I mean okay okay 'bangka', 'parao' or 'balanghai' ) are often fitted with petrol engines.
693.txt: Cannabis Social Clubs became popular in the United States so like um I mean well during prohibition, it was often used as a legal intoxicant being that alcohol was illegal.
515.txt: Available since April 2009 on SourceForge for download, OpenSearchServer well you know like like uh was developed under the GPL v3 license and well okay like uh you know offers a series of full text lexical analyzers and can be installed on different platforms (Windows, Linux, Macintosh).
132.txt: A wide variety of species provide edible seeds -- most are from angiosperms, but a few come from gymnosperms.
1839.txt: In 1978, the JFK Express began service and stopped at like you know um well okay this station on racing days; the Aqueduct Specials ceased operation altogether in October 1981.
4545.txt: These animal experiments demonstrate that feature detectors seem to you know you know I mean um so be a very primitive development, that is, it did not result from the higher cognitive development of humans.
48.txt: A 'calung' is a bamboo tube xylophone used in the Sundanese um uh I mean like well music of West Java usually played by three or more men (women seldom play it).
4447.txt: The two are surprised to meet each other well so you know I mean like and agree to call each other after they both wake you know okay like I mean um up to see if they were both really there I mean I mean I mean well uh and then Tyler uses the key on a gate nearby which takes him back to his bedroom.
3459.txt: Some cars were fitted with vane - type superchargers, uh okay um you know well as the three main bearing engine was liable to crankshaft failure well like I mean like uh if revved beyond 6, 500 rpm; superchargers allowed a I mean like okay like well TR4 to produce much more horse - power and torque at relatively modest revolutions.
2299.txt: It was originally composed of 50 operators; however, this number like uh like um uh has since increased to well over 90 full - time operators.
3468.txt: Some of the land origianlly deeded for the uh um like well well new campus was sold and developed with homes, but in well okay I mean so okay 1949 Bellarmine Univerity located to the area originally planned as a campus.
4142.txt: The journal provides an ongoing examination of Dickinson, one of the most influential American poets, and her place in women's literature.
4769.txt: Tyner was the Communist Party's vice presidential nominee in 1976 as the running mate of Gus Hall.
2207.txt: It is based on the 2010 book of the same so like so like uh name by Michael Lewis, about the Financial crisis of you know you know uh um I mean 2007 -- 2010 by the build - up of the housing and credit bubble.
226.txt: After joining the group, Head's lobbying led to you know okay like um uh increased recognition for survivors, and she successfully negotiated okay you know like I mean I mean that they be given access to Ground Zero, which they previously did not have.
1994.txt: In addition to his Project Runway appearances (see below), since you know uh okay um so 2008, Verreos has been a regular panel member on you know like so uh well TV Guide Network's Fashion Wrap, which covers the Oscars, I mean well so um you know Grammys, Golden Globes, Emmy Awards and Screen Actors Guild Awards each year.
3514.txt: Stord' fired her eight torpedoes she was about 1500 yards from okay I mean well like well Scharnhorst, her artillery also engaged the Scharnhorst and hits were observed.
4867.txt: What makes the Karstedt catalyst unique is the vinyl - uh okay I mean I mean um siloxane as a starting reagent, with a platinium halide with result in a catalyst that contains no halides.
1781.txt: In 1807 under the command of Commander E Kittoe she served okay I mean I mean uh well in the Mediterranean, and in 1808, under the same captain, in South America.
2567.txt: Located in the Carriage House is the Pioneer Museum, like okay I mean I mean you know which features a collection hand - made tools and farm implements from the late 1800s.
2162.txt: It also provides a platform for consensus - building and you know okay uh okay uh networking on key issues. Extending its agenda beyond business, CII assists industry to identify and execute corporate citizenship programmes.
2746.txt: Most Plant - Fungi HGT events are ancient and rare so uh you know um you know but possibly provided variable gene functions like greater substrate use and habitat spread for plants and fungal species.
1390.txt: He is a native of Monroe, Louisiana, where he attended Ouachita Christian like like uh so uh School where he led his team to a 2a State Championship title in Football.
56.txt: A Novel', and 'Mr. Sebastian and the Negro Magician' I mean like you know uh so while his short stories have been published in a number of uh like well you know um anthologies and magazines, including 'The Year's Best Fantasy and Horror.
3316.txt: She asks what they want her to do, and you know you know um okay you know Mr. Bennet explains that her that Chandra has uh well like so um a list with Claire's name on it and that he wants her to get Claire's name off the list.
3488.txt: Spencer High School, located at 4340 Victory Drive I mean uh like well uh in Columbus, Georgia, was established on November 29, 1930, um okay you know so so by the Columbus Public Schools as the first African American high school in Columbus.
2332.txt: Jacob spent three successful seasons playing for Rotherham, making 51 appearances for uh okay so so uh Rotherham between 2002 and 2005 he was a key member okay well like like okay of the promotion winning side and featured in their Premiership campaign in 2003 - 04.
4696.txt: Throughout her career, besides contributing her vocal to so uh okay so uh Girls 'Generation's songs, Soo - young has helped penning the lyrics like you know so I mean you know for two songs: 'How Great is Your Love' (2011) and 'Baby Maybe' (2013).
991.txt: Einsiedeln is a Benedictine monastery in Einsiedeln town, in okay um uh you know well the Canton of Schwyz, Switzerland, dedicated to Our Lady of uh uh okay like like the Hermits, that title being derived from the circumstances of its um you know like I mean okay foundation, from which the name Einsiedeln is also said to have originated.
3172.txt: Resubelpara popularly known as Resu, is the headquarters of so okay you know so like North Garo Hills District in the state of Meghalaya this town is situated alongside the Damring River.
3897.txt: The album's iconic cover image of the jack of diamonds like so well um well playing card being shredded by a bullet is used in well so well um I mean the music video of 'Twilight Zone' in which the card represents the life of the rogue espionage agent.
306.txt: Almost all the natural electrical sources are constant voltage sources (primary you know so well I mean so and secondary batteries); however, there are no convenient, constant so um uh you know I mean current sources in nature (excepting inductors, Van der Graaf generators and photodiodes).
4966.txt: Work on 'Ursa Major' began shortly after the release well I mean um um so of 'Out of the Vein' in 2003, however, frontman Stephan Jenkins's writer's block slowed down the album's progress.
766.txt: Classically trained he is a graduate of the Royal Scottish uh well like so you know Academy of Music & Drama he won like so okay you know um a Laurence Olivier Bursary in 2004 in association with the Society of London Theatre.
1774.txt: In 1753 he returned to London, having made no profit like um like well I mean with the exception of the sale of his farm you know well okay I mean um for a small sum, and was 'gloriously out of well so well um well humour' when he found that Thomas had further mismanaged the Welsh estates which were again mortgaged.
1261.txt: Half a dozen irregularly recurring children also would remain, including Mary Ann Jackson's younger brother Dick.
3887.txt: The XXVC game setting was therefore made, using the 'Dungeons okay uh like you know so & Dragons 2nd Edition' rules with some small differences, I mean like like well well set in a new version of the Buck Rogers world.
212.txt: After completion of the expressway, the George Washington Bridge you know so okay uh okay Bus Terminal and a series of four high - rise apartment buildings were built by Marvin Kratter over the expressway.
3972.txt: The company operates via its stores' small - uh so um I mean I mean scale catering services. And in some metropolitan areas there are meals on wheels deals.
826.txt: Damath is an educational board game consists a combination of board game Dama (Checkers) and Mathematics.
1697.txt: However, a public group were formed, calling themselves 'Friends of Northwood House', and the idea was shelved.
1993.txt: In addition Spencer though that as all institutions grew they you know okay I mean uh um become evermore corrupted by the influence of power and well um like so you know money, eventually losing its 'original spirit, and sinks into a lifeless mechanism'.
2636.txt: Marc Brašnić (born 21 October 1996) is a Croatian footballer who um you know you know so so plays as a striker for Fortuna Köln, on loan from Bayer 04 Leverkusen.
4108.txt: The group is a South African financial services group I mean I mean like so you know that is listed on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE) and so well well okay uh is regarded as South Africa's largem's head office is located in Cape Town.
916.txt: Due to the fact Hachijō - jima is a volcanic okay well well uh like island there are a few black sandy beaches, the main one is next to the main harbour of Sokodo.
2817.txt: Nightstar ( Nightwing and Starfire's child ) and Offspring, the son uh I mean like uh I mean of Plastic Man - before discovering it to be unnecessary due to Hypertime.
3364.txt: She reported the crime to the Al - Shabaab Islamist uh you know like so well militia in Kismayo, which at the time controlled like you know like I mean you know the court system, and was subsequently arrested, accused of committing adultery, and sentenced to death by stoning.
3818.txt: The Reverend John Bethune, (1751 ~ Sept. 23, um um so um uh 1815) immigrated to North Carolina from Scotland in 1773.
1194.txt: Geoffrey Stephen Kirk (3 December 1921 -- 10 you know well like uh okay March 2003) was a British classical scholar, known for his books on Ancient Greek literature and mythology.
3821.txt: The Roland Jupiter - 6 (JP - 6) is um like um well like a synthesizer manufactured by the Roland Corporation introduced in uh you know um you know well January 1983 as a less expensive alternative to the Roland Jupiter - 8.
2558.txt: Lipman Hearne is the largest full - service like so like you know uh marketing and communications firm dedicated to serving the nonprofit sector, like like I mean um uh and develops marketing solutions for nonprofit and government organizations serving the public interest.
1524.txt: He was aware of how different the two tracks you know uh I mean you know well were and that it would be 'exciting' to visit the city well well you know so um for the first time and his team wanted to maximise every so like so uh I mean detail feasible and could not wait to drive on the track.
4205.txt: The name 'giant' is thought to be given to the antelope um so I mean like you know mainly due to its great size, but it is you know um so you know so actually because of its large horns that are thick at the base and divergent.
4437.txt: The total length of the tunnel would be 8, 580m being the longest tunnel built on the country.
2828.txt: No evidence was found that the design was submitted well you know so like um to the RLM but it was the design of Walter Günter uh I mean like you know well with his engineers Eichner and Hohbach still working on uh like I mean I mean you know project until summer of 1945 under the U. S. Supervision.
1229.txt: Graduating from Saint Francis Seminary in 1964, Glass attended the University like um so okay so of Evansville where he received a Bachelor of Arts degree double majoring in Drama and Literature.
4821.txt: Valkia was once the queen of a great tribe who like well um I mean you know gained the attention of Khorne when she slew anyone in her tribe to question her right to rule.
3079.txt: Pintados is the term used by Spanish colonists to describe you know I mean so I mean so the tattooed bodies of the people residing in the uh so okay I mean um islands of Cebu, Bohol, and Leyte in the Biçayas (Visayas) Region of the Philippines.
2442.txt: Kevin Penny is an English professional rugby league player for so uh so um you know Warrington Wolves in the Wakefield Trinity, on loan for you know like like you know uh Harlequins RL and for Widnes and Swinton in rugby league's Championship.
4880.txt: When examining throughput, the term 'Maximum Throughput' is frequently um well like okay uh used. Where end - user maximum throughput tests are discussed in detail.
2577.txt: Love metal is a sub-genre of alternative rock, with the uh well uh um so mix of romantic lyrics concentrating on love, and the heavy beats from heavy metal.
783.txt: Colorado syndicated columnist, humorist, and a professional member of the Society of Professional Journalists.
1621.txt: His PhD thesis was on the subject of Homeric Odes and was carried out under the philosopher Franz August Wolf.
1072.txt: First announced in August 2006, this version is based on a you know so you know like I mean different model than the earlier two editions, and resembles a traditional Shoot - the - Chutes boat ride.
2934.txt: On a railway trip across the Indian continent, the king so um um um okay soon tired of the long journey and was well you know you know you know um bored and restless by the time they reached Bombay on June 3.
1945.txt: In February 2011 a Y100 Nottingham - Southwell - Newark well well I mean well you know (Peak time only) was operated briefly with the like I mean so I mean uh service being withdrawn 16 April 2011 following an increase in activity from the other operator along the route.
3426.txt: Since the development of high - speed broadband Internet, online friendships so um like well I mean have changed significantly; it is possible to hold real you know um okay um well - time audio and video conversations over the Internet (creating telepresence), providing levels of interactivity beyond plain text.
2884.txt: On 25 July 1944, German dictator Adolf Hitler declared you know I mean you know okay okay the city of Breslau to be a fortress ( 'festung' okay so um I mean so ) and indicated that it was to be defended at all costs.
1755.txt: If the official or permitted person was the plaintiff the action I mean so like like like was begun via an attachment of privilege; if he was the defendant it was done by bill.
4744.txt: Tracy was born in Cincinnati has lived in Ohio all her life and attended Colerain High School.
1427.txt: He learned chord melodies by playing a mandolin tuned like a you know so well so like ukulele and listened to Bix Beiderbecke, Louis Armstrong, and Eddie Lang.
3741.txt: The Invasions of Epidamnus refers to two events occurring um like um so like in 229 BC, that involved Illyrian forces under Teuta well you know um you know uh attacking the city as part of the Illyrian Conquests took uh you know okay um well place in Spring 229 BC between the Greeks of Epidamnus and the forces of the Kingdom of Illyria.
3194.txt: Robert Marijanovic (born 6 May 1980) is a Croatian darts uh um um um like player who qualified for the 2013 PDC World you know so so uh uh Darts Championship after coming through the Eastern European qualifier.
2638.txt: Marcus Lamb (born October 7, 1957 in Cordele, GA) like you know I mean well um is a Minister, Christian broadcaster, founder, president, and like um so okay okay CEO of the Daystar Television Network, the fastest growing Christian Television Network in the world.
2568.txt: Lockers are normally quite narrow, of varying heights and tier arrangements, and public places with lockers often contain large numbers of them.
3419.txt: Since 2009 the city has the German um um you know uh you know name 'Polnisch Neudorf' that was used before the year 1914 um okay okay so uh notable is that the name 'Neudorf in Oberschlesien' was not okay um okay so uh used, even if the name change was before 1933 - 45.
1403.txt: He is influenced by house, UK garage, R&B and uh so like you know so the old skool rave / jungle techno sound and well well like okay I mean releases his music primarily on Hospital Records, the UK based, independent dance music label.
3098.txt: Practically, 'Cantonese' can be used to mean all the dialects in the well uh I mean uh you know Guangdong (Canton) province, and the Cantonese spoken in Guangzhou (Canton) so um okay you know uh are actually a bit different both in accent and vocabulary than that in Hong Kong.
1526.txt: He was born at Port Fairy, Victoria on like okay you know well well 1 July 1876, and worked first as a school uh okay um you know um teacher in Maryborough and Rockhampton in Queensland, then as a lawyer in Rockhampton and Brisbane.
1630.txt: His father, an economist and broadcaster who well uh so you know um opposed Hitler, left Germany in January 1933, and seven months um you know I mean um I mean old, John and his mother arrived in England where his I mean well okay okay I mean father had secured work as a journalist on the now defunct 'News Chronicle'.
4402.txt: The station is located on the Milwaukee District / um I mean I mean so like West, North Central Service and Milwaukee District / North like okay like so you know lines, and is the last inbound stop for these three lines before the terminus at Union Station.
3051.txt: Peggy O'Neal is an Australian lawyer who, as uh uh okay okay I mean of October 2013, serves as the president of the well like uh you know okay Richmond Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL), the uh um well well um first woman in AFL history to serve as a club president.
2084.txt: In the absence of other governmental representatives, okay like uh I mean okay Burnett became the 'de facto' dictator of Charleston okay um uh you know I mean until the town was abandoned around 1889, at which okay uh uh um well time he left Charleston and became Justice of the Peace in nearby Pearce.
1645.txt: His interest in calendar reform began when he was like well you know you know like working at a railroad company, and found that monthly accounting was like you know like I mean uh greatly complicated by the fact that months did not divide evenly into weeks.
3311.txt: Sharman was raised in the rural city of Porterville, California like okay so you know so and is mostly known for his time with the well like so okay well Boston Celtics in the 1950s, partnering with Bob Cousy in what like I mean so well um some consider the greatest backcourt duo of all time.
1924.txt: In 570 BC, Cyprus was conquered by Egypt like well so um I mean under Amasis II. This brief period of Egyptian domination uh um well you know okay left its influence mainly in the arts, especially sculpture, so uh well so like where the rigidity and the dress of the Egyptian style can be observed.
2040.txt: In late 2008, Chorley FM worked in Conjunction with okay uh I mean uh you know Search for a Star (Launched as a joint project so so so so so with the Daily Star Sunday), a talent contest in partnership with Bobby Ball and Casey - Lee Jolleys.
4724.txt: Today, the mine remains open for tourists, who can tour portions of the underground mines and pan for gold.
2622.txt: Many Jets fans wanted the stadium built, no so like okay I mean like matter what the cost, while some New York Giants so um okay you know so fans opposed the stadium solely because they disliked the rival Jets.
3348.txt: She has studied at the National Theatre Institute, has a you know well uh um like degree from Boston College, and won a full scholarship to the Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Art in London.
2009.txt: In cave diving, a Torricellian chamber is a cave chamber well um uh okay um full of water at less than atmospheric pressure which is formed when um like you know like uh the water level drops and there is no way for air to get into the chamber.
4675.txt: Thomas John Wood (September 25, 1823 -- you know like well well um February 26, 1906) was a career United States Army you know okay I mean I mean I mean officer and a Union general during the American Civil War.
2962.txt: One of his early clients was Moorfield Storey, a white okay you know you know uh so Boston attorney who later went on to become president okay like well okay so of the American Bar Association (ABA) and founding president of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP).
510.txt: Aunt Bam tells Shirley of how Joyce needs to find like I mean I mean so you know a man, but Joyce insists that she doesn't need you know I mean I mean uh well one; however Aunt Bam also tells Shirley that she invited Madea to come over and talk to the children.
322.txt: Although a town had been there for many years, silver okay like you know okay okay was discovered in the local mountains in 1772 and a few years later in 1779 the village was officially founded.
3181.txt: Ricardo Francisco Rojas Trujillo (born May 7, 1974 in Vallenar, Chile) so I mean so I mean so is a Chilean football (soccer) player who recently played for Colo - Colo in the.
2118.txt: In theory, a run down the hill would consist of straight well I mean you know you know okay sections across the hill, followed by sharp turns to so well you know you know um the complementary angle, as if the skier is being reflected from the edges of the run.
360.txt: Ana was rich and Sara was very poor with no uh well like so um father (daddy) around her and so her mom was selling vegetables at the market for a living.
2758.txt: Mount Ainslie or Mount Ainslie - Majura is part okay okay um well well of Canberra Nature Park and borders on the cities inner suburbs of Campbell, Ainslie and Hackett.
2153.txt: Irredentism is one of the reasons China insisted on assuming so you know uh um uh sovereignty over Hong Kong and Macau, as the physical uh well okay well I mean land on which Hong Kong and Macau stand used to well well uh I mean okay be part of China before the founding of the two territories by the British and the Portuguese, respectively.
2589.txt: Lysak was able to kayak until 2002 and was reported to be so so um I mean uh in fair health in 2008, at which point he was living in Fremont, California with his two sons.
3133.txt: Quinon's world record was short - lived; on September 1, 1983, his countryman Thierry Vigneron beat it by one centimetre.
2913.txt: On January 26, 2016, Huntington Bank announced it would purchase well well I mean well well FirstMerit, subject to regulatory approval, in a deal that would make Huntington the largest bank in Ohio.
1776.txt: In 1788 the head tailor of the Royal Swedish Opera okay you know um uh like received an order to sew a number of so well um I mean um Russian military uniforms that later were used in an okay um well well well exchange of gunfire at Puumala, a Swedish outpost on the Russo - Swedish border, on June 27, 1788.
1478.txt: He returned in late July 2011, losing his spot as the closer to teammate Ryan Madson.
1027.txt: Evening courses are offered through continuing education in both credit and non credit division and corporate training is available as well.
1260.txt: Hakomi is a method for helping people transform their I mean like I mean well so way of being in the world through working with core material and changing core beliefs.
2232.txt: It is rare to pluralize 'furniture' in this way and 'information' ever pluralized.
3709.txt: The Fatih Mosque was constructed by order well um well uh okay of Fatih Sultan Mehmed the Conqueror from 1463 - um well well well um 1471, on the site of the former Byzantine Church of um well I mean um um the Holy Apostles, whose ruins served as a quarry to supply building materials for the new mosque.
4889.txt: When the Veil corners the Doctor, he admits he is afraid well so you know well like to die; suddenly the Veil halts and the castle reconfigures itself, allowing the Doctor to escape.
1956.txt: In July 1994, Wei Xu at Trusted Information Systems continued this research, which was completed successfully on BSDI.
439.txt: As is the pattern throughout the book of Judges, the you know like like you know like Israelites again turned away from God after 40 well I mean well you know well years of peace brought by Deborah's victory over Canaan and I mean so um like um were allowed to be oppressed by the neighboring Midianites and Amalekites.
451.txt: As revenge for being fired, Sal orders his henchmen to uh uh you know I mean well kidnap Beethoven for the million - dollar ransom, which they well you know like like I mean do while Billy is flirting with his crush in the park.
2764.txt: Mr. Trump felt that statement was offensive to Curtis's character so I mean well like uh and 'hitting below the belt,' and Curtis like okay um like like told Mr. Trump that this was a 'good depiction' of Maria's character.
37.txt: ' The internet exploded with questions about (Janay Rice)... Why didn't she leave?.
103.txt: A popular Azeri legend gives an alternative origin: a poor young man named Zasa once lived in this village.
3965.txt: The color palette would have remained at 4096 colours like you know okay well well but the resolution could go up to 1024 × 1024 with well okay you know I mean like 128 colors (7 bit color depth), additionally the chipset can address up to of Chip RAM space.
4512.txt: There are two competing principles for producing trees, well um like I mean um constituency and dependency; both are illustrated here using the example sentence from above.
4560.txt: They are able to escape with Perry, but during the okay okay um like so chase, Platyborg disables one of the mine carts, slowing them down.
579.txt: Billy's Boots was a popular British comic strip you know um you know uh um by writer Fred Baker and artist John Gillatt, later continued by Mike Western.
2560.txt: Living Dangerously (1998) was the first Living Dangerously professional um you know I mean you know uh wrestling pay - per - view (PPV) event produced well well uh I mean so by Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW) that took place on uh I mean um um well March 1, 1998 from the Asbury Park Convention Hall in Asbury Park, New Jersey.
4244.txt: The ore was processed by a large crusher at Gullverket, homes were constructed for managers and workers.
2257.txt: It purchased CSX World Terminals (CSX WT) in 2005 okay um okay like I mean and the then Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company (P&O) like okay um um you know of the United Kingdom in March 2006 for £ 3. 9 billion ($ 7 billion).
2256.txt: It preys on insects, spiders and lizards that become I mean okay like I mean you know ensnared in its web, killing them with its venom before wrapping them in silk and sucking out the liquefied insides.
1101.txt: For example, a wrestler being irish whipped by his well well like so um opponent may clip the referee -- while a wrestler so I mean so you know so would probably only be knocked back in this situation, well so well um like the referee would most likely be knocked across the ring and act injured or knocked out.
1937.txt: In December 2007, Albert Kai - Wing Ng was honoured with the Order of Ontario.
1596.txt: Her main weapon is an electric guitar which she uses I mean well well you know like as a blunt instrument, with it, she's able to send well you know well um you know strong seismic waves by smashing her guitar onto the ground, allowing it to go along a trail to attack her opponent.
4492.txt: Their writers were regarded as being dedicated to creativity you know like so I mean um and patriotic values, and that is why they are still the most - in - demand comedy serials till now.
1277.txt: Hardik Himanshu Pandya (born 11 October 1993) is an you know so okay well uh Indian international cricketer who plays for Baroda in domestic cricket and Mumbai Indians in the Indian Premier League (IPL).
4049.txt: The film starred David Hayman and featured Hector Nicol and I mean I mean I mean okay you know Fulton Mackay, is based on the autobiography of Glasgow so you know uh um you know gangster Jimmy Boyle, who was reputed to be Scotland's most violent man.
2151.txt: Irishtown Stadium features a fully equipped gymnasium, uh well like uh like aerobics studio, meeting rooms and track and field facilities, including a 400m running track.
2437.txt: Kenna fought for the Southern Area title once more well um uh like well against Larry Olubamiwo in May 2010, but was knocked out in the first round.
3180.txt: Riad Benchadi (born November 7, 1978 in Batna) like you know uh you know I mean is an Algerian football player who is currently playing for ES Sétif in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.
2489.txt: La Gloria is a municipality of the Department of Cesar I mean well uh um like located in the Southeastern part of the Department of Cesar in Colombia.
3751.txt: The Kakarong Republic, based in the little fort in um like I mean uh I mean Pandi was attacked by a massive force of Spaniards um like okay uh like that massacred the Katipuneros there, at the end of the battle, Eusebio Roque, or Maestrong Serbio was captured by the Spaniards.
2150.txt: Iran remains a shareholder of Eurodif via Sofidif, a you know like like uh um Franco - Iranian consortium shareholder which owns 25 % of Eurodif.
797.txt: Cope's scientific pursuits nearly bankrupted him, but his contributions helped okay I mean um you know well define the field of American paleontology; he was a okay like um um uh prodigious writer, with 1, 400 papers published over his lifetime, you know um um um like although his rivals would debate the accuracy of his rapidly published works.
2931.txt: On October 4, 2011, fans unlocked 'Mission: 5', which um you know you know I mean I mean meant that Rihanna would reveal the title of the album, I mean so um uh okay which is, 'Talk That Talk', announced by her official Facebook page.
4601.txt: They were said to be BNF like and were probably inspired by BNF.
4258.txt: The original project its from 1771, and its conclusion you know so um well um and inauguration from 1840, was the Monsignor Mariano de Talavera um okay you know uh uh y Garcés, fourth bishop of Guayana, that started up the completion of the cathedral.
3850.txt: The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (often shortened to TMNT well uh you know well like or Ninja Turtles) are a team of four teenage anthropomorphic you know um I mean so okay turtles, named after four Renaissance Italian artists, who were trained by you know uh I mean okay like their anthropomorphic rat sensei in the art of ninjutsu.
4089.txt: The former Fleet Bank Building, housing commercial offices and the um I mean like well well tallest commercial building in the Town of Newburgh, now stands on um so I mean well uh the site of the Union Grove Elementary School, demolished in the early 1980s.
644.txt: Built around 1770 by the Duke of Berwick to um like I mean so I mean a design by the architect Ventura Rodríguez, it currently I mean like you know uh uh belongs to his descendant Cayetana Fitz - James Stuart, 18th Duchess of Alba and remains a private residence.
1191.txt: Generally included are references to deeds, mortgages, wills, probate records, court you know um like well so litigations and tax sales -- basically, any essential legal documents that affect the property.
778.txt: Cobra - La guards then captured Cobra Commander and Serpentor I mean uh okay like uh and took them to their hidden headquarters to try Cobra like I mean you know I mean um Commander for his failure, and put Serpentor in his place as a leader of the serpent world to come.
3756.txt: The Kintetsu Buffaloes were the first Japanese team to okay you know you know uh like sign an American player when they signed former major league you know well so okay uh pitcher Glenn Mickens and catcher Ron Bottler, who had um like okay um um played in 1958 for minor league clubs St. Paul and Austin, for the 1959 season.
1867.txt: In 1999, the Titans made it to Super Bowl XXXIV um uh so well so in which Evans started, however they lost to the Kurt Warner - led St. Louis Rams.
4861.txt: Weikath was born in Hamburg, Germany and was musical from a very early age.
2957.txt: One aunt moved to Princeton, New Jersey, where she like so you know okay you know worked as a maid, and cooked Southern - style like so like like you know meals for Michelle and her brother, Craig, when they were students at Princeton University.
2236.txt: It is sometimes claimed locally to be the third like well you know I mean okay - tallest such 'intertidal' (meaning it can be reached by land) okay like okay like like structure in the world, but there are nomonolithic rock is okay um like you know okay adjacent to the beach and accessible by foot at low tide.
2028.txt: In his early teens he began to study symphonic so so so okay okay orchestration with celebrated composer Dr. Langley, and at age 15 composed his first full - scale symphony.
4689.txt: Though their pelagic distribution and movements are not well known, you know I mean well like I mean they are regularly seen around the islands as well well so okay uh um as in the upwelling zone in Senegalese waters, where uh well so uh you know about 10 % of the population has been recorded in October.
3940.txt: The carronade was designed as a short - range naval I mean well well so so weapon with a low muzzle velocity, and is said to have well you know I mean um like been invented by Lieutenant General Robert Melville in uh I mean like uh like 1759 and developed by Charles Gascoigne, manager of the Carron Company from 1769 to 1779.
2973.txt: Ong Seok Kim passed away in 1964, the following year, the well um I mean well I mean Manjung community established the Ong Seok Kim Memorial Education Fund in his honour.
1494.txt: He stops a riot on the way between a number um well like you know I mean of crazed tantric and upon entering the palace is introduced to Vishwamitra.
1968.txt: In March 2011, when asked if he was the rightful I mean uh like well okay heir, Idris said a family council would decide who well you know you know um I mean would be king, not an heir, and that his father okay well I mean um okay had passed on to him the task of maintaining the legitimacy of the monarchy.
2280.txt: It was described by Per Olof Christopher Aurivillius in 1901 and is found in Malawi and Tanzania.
1647.txt: His male heirs died with no issue, other family lines exist including heirs of his daughters.
329.txt: Although one's efforts may involve very different tasks, each incoming stimulus calls upon the same directed attention mechanism.
4404.txt: The station shared studio space and staff with um like you know so like its sister station, talk - formatted WRRD - AM, you know you know so uh uh until February 2008, when Salem sold both stations in separate deals.
521.txt: Balbriggan RFC is an Irish rugby team based in Fingal County, playing in Division 2B of the Leinster League.
3423.txt: Since her graduation, she has performed several major roles well like um okay so for the stage, including Juliet in Romeo and Juliet she shot I mean okay uh well you know to prominence as the lead in, among others, three record - breaking Turkish television dramas.
3277.txt: Season 4 was released on June 24, 2014, Season 5 uh I mean okay so well on September 23, 2014 and the sixth and final Season was released on February 10, 2015.
2815.txt: Nigel Mansell went even faster on Saturday with a 1: 19 you know like um so um. 495 and took his sixth pole position of the uh uh like you know so season with what he described as a 'totally clear lap'.
4939.txt: With Bohemian Silesia, Lubin in 1526 fell to the well I mean so so okay Habsburg Monarchy, it was devastated several times during the Thirty um so um so uh Years' War and conquered in the Silesian wars of King you know I mean you know well you know Frederick II of Prussia in the mid- 18th Century, becoming part of Prussia and later Germany.
1040.txt: Exterior Insulation and Finish Systems are sometimes nicknamed 'EIFS' like um okay um like ( pronounced 'eeefs' ) and is also known as 'synthetic stucco', and 'Dryvit'.
318.txt: Although Kabalian is a Warayan language, it has mixed um okay like um so elements of Cebuano and Surigaonon, and is not mutually intelligible with either Waray - Waray, Cebuano, or Surigaonon.
3829.txt: The Sega Genesis was released in the rest of well okay um so like North America later that year, and was released in Europe as the Mega Drive on November 30, 1990.
2143.txt: Inspired by the radical cleric John Ball, and led by okay okay uh um so Wat Tyler, Kentish rebels entered London on 13 June, destroyed the Temple Inns of Court, and set fire to law books.
3412.txt: Since 1978 he lives in Berlin, he is married with four children.
1463.txt: He ran twice for Governor of Minnesota, but so well well you know um lost the DFL endorsement to John Marty in 1994 and the primary to Skip Humphrey in 1998.
3917.txt: The band Nangma just toured the United States in uh um uh so I mean April 2006, playing in Chicago, Minneapolis, Boston, New York, Washington DC and San Francisco.
2474.txt: Koottickal is a village in Kottayam district, Kerala state, south well well you know you know well India and is one of the first places in India were rubber was cultivated.
1861.txt: In 1995, the Met received a Central California Excellence in Business so so um you know so Award in the non-profit category as presented by The Fresno like okay okay so so Bee, and American Alliance of Museums accreditation status in July 2007.
282.txt: Albert was indecisive about whether to besiege Bergen op Zoom so well uh okay um or Breda but at the same time he had worked you know uh okay um like up a ruse - to the Dutch eyes there was confusion about where he would strike.
1505.txt: He then asks if he can kiss her, to which she agrees okay so like uh so also, and he kisses her on the cheek, but is interrupted by Garth, the ranch hand.
4482.txt: The younger of two boys, Neil was born in okay I mean I mean I mean like Adams, North Dakota, a farmer's son of Swedish and Norwegian descent, well um you know uh so he got his start playing the banjo and soon added guitar and violin.
115.txt: A small gauge railroad ran through Lassen County from um so like um well 1880 to 1927 was called the Nevada - California - you know like um I mean so Oregon Railway, and was the longest small gauge of the century.
425.txt: As a relatively young man, Archibald Douglas participated as you know I mean uh you know you know a volunteer in the Civil War of 1918 in Finland, well like um okay well and received in that country the rank of Lieutenant - Colonel.
2105.txt: In the preview of the 3rd 'Rebuild' movie, she is you know uh you know like well at the confinement with a private conversation with an unknown character.
4306.txt: The province includes the Armenian exclave of Artsvashen that is so okay so well like surrounded by Azerbaijan that have been controlled by Azerbaijan since her capture during the Nagorno - Karabakh War.
3094.txt: Power Ring is the name of several DC Comics um well well I mean okay supervillains: alternate reality counterparts of Green Lanterns Hal Jordan, Kyle Rayner and John Stewart, respectively.
4160.txt: The line was closed in 2 like like so like um December 1952 and the connecting line at Mundaring was closed in January 1954.
1582.txt: Hemes are most commonly recognized as components of hemoglobin, I mean uh well well well the red pigment in blood, but are also you know um okay uh well found in a number of other biologically important hemoproteins such as myoglobin, cytochrome, catalase, and endothelial nitric oxide synthase.
1597.txt: Her most notable individual work was 'Chicken Soup' (1981), part of uh so well uh well a collection of dances in a piece entitled 'Food for I mean uh um okay like Thought', which was designated an American Masterpiece by the National Endowment for the Arts (NEA) in 2006.
2698.txt: Michael G. Bryson is a sports writer from Des okay okay okay you know you know Moines and the elder brother of travel writer Bill Bryson he co-published a book with his father Bill Bryson Sr. In 1989.
1301.txt: He batted and threw right - handed, and was 6 feet tall and 165 pounds.
2728.txt: Mohammad Azhar Farooqi S / o Md Eqbal Farooqi um like well uh like born & bought up in Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, India completed Btech from Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University Hyderabad.
3668.txt: The Church of the Higher Life was founded in Boston, Massachusetts in 1894 by Helen Van - Anderson.
1735.txt: Hundreds of soldiers stand in front of the palace and fire randomly into the crowd.
4929.txt: Willem Iskander (1840 - 1876) was an Indonesian okay well um you know um Writer, Nationalist, Teacher, Education pioneer for native Indonesian in Dutch colonial times from North Sumatra.
211.txt: After careful condideration, it was decided to sell I mean um okay okay I mean the premises at Great Patrick Street, Belfast, and build uh like like well um a new feed mill and office block in the Belfast Harbour Estate.
3090.txt: Post independence the fort housed the Tamil Nadu Assembly I mean okay you know like um until the new Secretariat building was opened in 2010, you know I mean I mean um like but shortly afterwards it was again moved back to Fort St. George, due to a change in the Government.
1182.txt: Garett Bembridge (born July 6, 1981) is a Canadian professional like you know like um um ice hockey forward who is currently playing for the Denver Cutthroats of the Central Hockey League (CHL).
423.txt: As a player, he was said to be very you know so you know you know uh smart and a versatile player, playing different positions along the defensive line during his career.
675.txt: By the late 1960s, he had developed a serious you know I mean like I mean you know case of alcoholism and having never previously consumed anything well you know well well uh stronger than milk, he began to drink quite heavily, and well you know you know well I mean it was hard to take, according to Otis Williams.
445.txt: As member of the board of Amnesty International USA at uh okay you know like so the end of the 1980s/early 1990s, He claimed that so you know uh well like Amnesty International USA acted in ways closely related to United States and United Kingdom foreign policy interests.
2139.txt: Initially established in 1990 as San Miguel's corporate real estate arm, its so um I mean you know um current portfolio of projects include mixed - use developments, with I mean well uh well you know economy to middle - income housing as its core products.
913.txt: Drug courts now refer more people to treatment well so okay well okay than any other intervention in America, however, it should be noted um well like like um that often Drug courts are the only avenue for um well you know um uh entry into treatment in the United States, which doesn't have adequate health services.
377.txt: Anne Pedersdotter was born in the city of Trondheim as the daughter of okay okay well so um an official, sister of the official of Trondheim, Sören Pedersson.
2667.txt: McCabe is also angry at Conner's having foiled his like I mean okay like so plan, and so kidnaps Matt and descends to the sublevels of the building.
2092.txt: In the film Amasova is an agent of the you know you know like you know well KGB, however, in the novelisation by Christopher Wood, Amasova is an agent of Otdyel IV, a department of SMERSH.
2707.txt: Mike Holmes (born 3 August 1963) is a Canadian you know well okay okay uh professional contractor best known for his television show 'Holmes on Homes', where he rescues homeowners from renovations gone wrong.
1796.txt: In 1904, he emigrated to the United States, and uh you know like you know well earned B. S. In Electrical Engineering from Purdue University in 1906.
3608.txt: The 2013 NWT / Yukon Scotties Tournament of Hearts, so okay uh um um the women's provincial curling championship for the Northwest Territories so you know like like um and Yukon, will be held from January 11 well I mean I mean you know you know to 12 at the Fort Smith Curling Club in Fort Smith, Northwest Territories.
2031.txt: In his letters he continually launched into well well uh I mean I mean recrimination and abuse against his chiefs; he went still further, like okay so like so bespattering with mud the whole French army, and even okay okay I mean well um France herself, for which he predicted and hoped that new disasters were in store.
933.txt: During his time at Mouchel's, while on the morning train one um um okay you know so day from Twickenham to his office in Westminster, I mean like uh okay okay O’Sullivan fell into conversation with a girl commuting to a firm of estate agents in Piccadilly.
4337.txt: The school is architecturally divided into the primary and secondary, I mean so uh like okay bisected by the entrance road and connected via an uh um like um so underpass and a gymnasium with a mezzanine, sometimes used as an art gallery.
4362.txt: The shell has a much flatter spire than in other um you know so well so 'Powelliphanta rossiana' subspecies, equally smooth and glossy, but with a more open umbilicus.
4587.txt: They hit 'Shōhō' five times and the damage from I mean like uh okay well the hits knocked out her steering and power and flooded both engine and boiler rooms.
2248.txt: It is unknown when Wolfenbüttel was founded, but it was first mentioned in 1118.
2065.txt: In the 1970s the word 'tenderoni' was commonly used like um well you know you know to identify a younger male or female that an older so I mean well like I mean individual was interested in talking to, dating, or so like you know I mean so a younger person one needed to stay away from because of their age.
4418.txt: The team name 'Trinita' is a combination of either the English well um you know you know I mean word 'trinity' and 'Oita' or the Italian word 'trinità' and you know so so well uh expresses the will of citizen, companies, and local governments to support the team.
517.txt: Avon Products, Inc, known as Avon, founded by well uh I mean um like David H. McConnell in 1886 is a direct selling company in beauty, household, and personal care categories.
3354.txt: She is often seen with a holstered airsoft um I mean like well um gun, even though she is never seen using it, and well so well like like was removed in the PS2 adaption of the game; she is, however, very adept in the use of martial arts.
3371.txt: She started professionally auditioning in her last year of I mean like I mean you know like high school, and soon after booked her first two jobs so so uh you know okay in one day, a cameo in the Academy Award winning you know well well I mean well Juno and a part opposite Jennifer Beals in My Name is Sarah.
1681.txt: Hoppe was captured by the British in April 1946 okay uh um um you know in Holstein and sent to Camp 165 in Watten, okay like uh so so Scotland in August 1947 until January 1948 when he well um um like I mean was sent to a P. O. W. Camp in uh okay you know so so Saxony which was in the British zone of occupation in West Germany.
2007.txt: In association with a Mr. Riley established a sheep like well um so um station in the Monaro, New South Wales district, was a I mean uh I mean uh um successful exhibitor at the Agricultural Society of New South Wales show of 1832.
3446.txt: Smith and the officer who fired the fatal so I mean you know uh like shots, Dominique Heaggan - Brown, were both African American, well uh you know so well and video from the officer's bodycam showed that Smith had turned toward well well well uh like the officer with a gun in his hand right before the officer shot him.
4967.txt: Worker resistance, damaging accounts of the system like 'Narrative of Events', like um uh you know uh local fears of rebellion and pressure from the I mean uh like you know uh British public led the colonial assemblies to prematurely abolish the apprenticeship system in 1838.
4758.txt: Twin brothers, Percy and Barton Grimes find the original Brothers Grimm mannikins and decide to try the costumes on.
3080.txt: Pluto is also the author of over 20 books and a graduate of Benedictine High School in Cleveland Ohio.
4208.txt: The name Scope, a contraction of 'kaleidoscope,' emphasizes um you know I mean well um the venue's reconfigurability, and the logo (right) features a multi-colored, abstracted kaleidoscope image.
1032.txt: Every day he leaves the house, the same for walking okay well uh so I mean to the office; but every day he asks for money.
3330.txt: She congratulates Tsukasa and runs out followed by him and you know so I mean you know like he confronts her about the engagement telling her that okay okay so so you know she should not have come since it was all part of Kaede's plans.
3652.txt: The British remained to support the monarchy, and a pro-British prime uh you know like you know I mean minister, Nuri al - Said, was in place until, in 1958, um uh like okay uh monarch and politicians were swept away in a vicious nationalist army revolt.
4233.txt: The official video premiered on her official website on 23 so like well you know uh November and then went to all UK music channels, the you know uh uh um like video is black and white and sees Ferguson well um well well so singing along with inter-cut scenes of various people around the streets of London.
3554.txt: Takhatgarh (तखतगढ), is a town in Pali District of well um uh okay I mean Rajasthan state in India located near the Jalore district border.
3973.txt: The company was established in 2004 based out of Berwyn, you know so okay like well Illinois, the events were held in the Berwyn like I mean well okay uh Eagles Club there sister company Shimmer Women Athletes are located in the same venue.
1412.txt: He is renowned as the coach who put the basis you know um okay um um of an interesting experiment in football, called 'Morisca' you know you know like um like (The Hand - Mill), in which the strikers and midfielders swapped their places during the game.
2906.txt: On Day 14 she left the house to receive um okay like you know well medical attention, on Day 16 it was announced that she would not be returning.
3921.txt: The belly is yellow to off - white while the round iris has amber to ochre coloration.
4021.txt: The eruption caused airline flight cancellations as well as the um so you know I mean uh evacuation of 4000 people from a zone with a 20 km radius from the volcano.
666.txt: By 1933 the entire PRR line from Philadelphia to I mean so um uh uh Penn Station had been electrified and the lines from Philadelphia to Washington DC and Harrisburg were electrified soon afterwards.
424.txt: As a punishment, Mary was sold to another Bermudian, so um uh you know you know probably Robert Darrell, who sent her in 1806 to Grand I mean okay well um um Turk, which Bermudians had used seasonally for a century for the extraction of salt from the ocean.
2409.txt: Julio Alberto Rico Pardillo (born 11 June 1989) is a I mean well so you know uh Spanish footballer who plays for CE L'Hospitalet as a right defender or midfielder.
1489.txt: He served in World War I as commanding officer of like uh so uh well HMS 'Agincourt' in the Grand Fleet from 1914, as Second I mean well you know I mean uh - in - Command of the 3rd Battle Squadron you know like okay you know you know from 1917 and as Commander of the 3rd Battle Squadron from 1918.
3312.txt: Shaw is an unincorporated community in St. Louis County, Minnesota, United so so okay you know uh States located on County Road 15, near County Road 49 (Three Lakes Road).
3112.txt: Private Parts drew favorable comparisons to Lenny well you know well I mean uh Bruce and his book 'How to Talk Dirty well I mean I mean uh well and Influence People', but it was also characterized as nothing more than um uh uh so like an extension of his radio show with little more to offer.
2006.txt: In announcing the sale to the station staff, I mean so like I mean well Press Broadcasting executives said they expected to buy WKBS (UHF you know you know uh so uh channel 48), a Philadelphia - centered station, and that I mean I mean uh you know I mean all of the now former WSJT staff would be rehired when that happened.
4648.txt: This results is anhydrous cooking, which is able to I mean like I mean um like cook vegetables using the water inside the vegetables without you know like so okay well any additional water and preserves more vitamins than steaming or boiling vegetables.
2295.txt: It was known for its brickyards, some early ones were established by Jacob Thackra, John Bee, and Smith B. Sickler.
23.txt: 'Lot of Leavin' Left to Do 'is the lead - okay okay so so uh off single to Dierks Bentley's 2005 album 'Modern Day Drifter'.
2298.txt: It was organized as a county in 1837 and well uh uh um you know named by European - American settlers for U. S. President Thomas Jefferson.
1976.txt: In October 2006, a new campus opened in Khalifa uh um um like you know City, Abu Dhabi and includes a teaching hospital, a mosque, a graduate center and a sports field.
2168.txt: It can also refer to a graph showing the volume you know so you know well uh of water reaching a particular outfall, or location in a you know I mean I mean like you know sewerage network, rgraphs are commonly used in the design I mean like um so you know of sewerage, more specifically, the design of surface water sewerage systems and combined sewers.
1406.txt: He is known for his work on Fox's tv series APB, COPS and the film Looking for Mayberry.
4773.txt: USS 'Barbour County' (LST - 1195) was named after Barbour County, Alabama & Barbour County, West Virginia.
2054.txt: In season two, Waller often forces John Diggle to work okay I mean you know uh well for her on missions other A. R. G. U. S you know okay uh so so. Agents are unwilling to perform and tries to like so um um like have Starling City destroyed during Slade Wilson's attack to uh uh um okay uh contain the Mirakuru soldiers, only to be stopped by John and Lyla.
3873.txt: The Vancouver riot took place two days after the like well uh well uh Bellingham riot, on September 7 and 8, in response like like okay like like to anti-Asian activists becoming concerned with the growing Asian population during the summer of 1907 (Lee, 551).
752.txt: Christophe Tiozzo (born June 1, 1963 in St. Denis, so um um I mean you know France) is a French former boxer who won the bronze medal at light middleweight in the 1984 Summer Olympics.
2490.txt: Lakes and ponds dried up; humans and animals cowered in shelters or collapsed from exhaustion.
952.txt: During the following six months he organized a research uh I mean like so like team to conduct a detailed case study on her, and uh I mean well so okay in May 1971 headed a team of Children's Hospital scientists who um so um uh I mean sought and obtained a three - year grant to study Genie.
3884.txt: The World Cup is a men's golf tournament contested by teams of two representing their country.
1966.txt: In March 1942, the 30th Battalion occupied defensive positions uh okay okay so uh in North Sydney including beach defences to respond to possible so well um like I mean Japanese landings at Manly, Freshwater Beach, and Greta, where it concentrated you know um okay you know um with the rest of the 8th Brigade before being transferred to Western Australia.
3896.txt: The airport is one of the busiest single runway um well well you know uh airports in the country and is a U. S. Customs and Border Protection port of entry.
4198.txt: The most famous fruit of Karbogha is peach. It is famous for the production of peaches through out Pakistan.
1292.txt: He also played for' 70s prog - blues band um okay I mean I mean I mean Band of Light, Sardine V and Ian Rilen & The Love Addicts.
434.txt: As an international he played five times for Ireland so okay I mean okay um before it emerged that he was actually English and he subsequently played eight times for England.
3532.txt: Sully Boyar (December 14, 1923 - March 23, 2001), born okay okay okay like I mean Irving Boyar in Brooklyn, New York, was an American actor of Russian descent.
1978.txt: In October 2016, during the 2016 presidential election he you know well okay okay uh became the subject of controversy when a secret 2005 recording uh okay I mean I mean um surfaced of him and presidential candidate Donald Trump having a well well well so uh lewd conversation; due to this incident, Bush was suspended and later resigned from 'Today'.
2517.txt: Later that night, Aladdin tells his mother that he like um so uh you know wishes to marry the princess, but she laughs and like I mean I mean so okay tells him that a poor boy such as he would find it impossible to marry a princess.
600.txt: BorgWarner instead provides the 4WD system for this more off - uh so uh you know well road appropriate SUV, however a Torsen Type 3 (T3) differential is used.
66.txt: A devoted social worker and landlord, he was also interested in sports and athletics.
4222.txt: The next day, Slash was ill so Stradlin finished writing the you know well I mean um uh music with Duff McKagan; however they did not write any lyrics.
3038.txt: Parviz Davoodi (; born 1952 in Tehran ) was the well well like okay um First Vice President of Iran from September 11, 2005 to July 17, 2009.
154.txt: According to Thai sources, Burmese Government forces re-took the so so okay uh okay majority of the town late Monday evening so um uh uh well after an earlier battle between Government troops and DKBA forces, I mean uh you know I mean um and by Tuesday morning only a few areas remained under rebel control.
220.txt: After her contract ended she went to a year in okay uh okay um you know the India and lived in a Buddhistic monastery and uh like so well you know by the year of 2001 she returned to Israel.
3307.txt: Several works have investigated the CISS effect from a theoretical okay uh you know uh uh perspective, (19 -- 33), and the methods used can be divided into three categories.
4000.txt: The decade of the 1980s in film saw the return well well like so you know of studio - driven pictures, coming from the filmmaker - driven New Hollywood era of the 1970s.
93.txt: A military team there have discovered an so so so um okay alien pod; while examining the ship they uncover mysterious you know so okay okay you know symbols carved onto the inside of the stark white interior.
1224.txt: Good Clean Love operates in Eugene, Oregon and all products are manufactured in the United States of America.
2613.txt: Malone worked with EPR Architects on a project at 24 I mean um um okay you know Saville Row which gained a first place WAN Facade Award well well like um well in 2015, this involved making 10, 000 hand glazed ceramic tiles.
2500.txt: Last seen wearing red sweat pants, long - sleeve white I mean um okay uh I mean pullover sweat shirt, with grey horizontal stripes, the word 'Aspen' in like uh like you know like green letters, printed on the bottom front of collar, like uh uh I mean I mean wearing either blue or white Reebock low - cut tennis shoes.
1822.txt: In 1944, she studied in Nizza and claims to be you know well I mean I mean okay linked to the Resistance, where she also adopts the name of 'Dominique Aubier'.
2509.txt: Later Sir Stamford Raffles built his residence there, which well okay so uh well was also used by other Residents and Governors, and uh okay so well um so it became known as Government Hill until it uh um okay well you know was renamed Fort Canning in 1861 when a fort was built on the site.
3507.txt: Stephen John Rowland (born 2 November 1981 in okay like I mean uh you know Wrexham) is a Welsh footballer currently playing for Welsh Premier League side Caersws.
3150.txt: Ratu Sir Edward Tuivanuavou Tugi Cakobau (1908 - 1973) was like I mean okay you know okay a Fijian chief and statesman, who played a major role I mean well you know well like in Fijian politics in the years that preceded and followed independence in 1970.
2100.txt: In the oval - shaped center chair sits a uh um uh well so bearded man in a black suit jacket with white uh um I mean so well lining, who informs her that she is in The Village, and that 'she' is Number Six.
4851.txt: Walk Score is a private company that provides walkability services through a website and iOS application.
83.txt: A huge black cat opened the cask, and Shippeitaro killed it, and then, with the warrior, several others before they fled.
3942.txt: The cause of SLE is not clear: it is thought uh you know like I mean so to involve a genetic predisposition coupled with a triggering environmental factor.
4646.txt: This record too received very positive reviews, but it like well uh like you know failed to sell, much to the dissappointment of the band members.
448.txt: As of 2012, the global sex ratio is approximately 1 I mean um like so uh. 01 males to 1 female -- the greater number okay like okay like okay of men is possibly due to the significant gender imbalances evident in the Indian and Chinese populations.
2074.txt: In the Belmont Stakes Thunder Gulch was made 3/2 uh well well well so favourite after Timber Country was withdrawn from the race with you know like well uh like a fever and won by two lengths from Star Standard, giving um like so well um his trainer a fifth consecutive win in the Triple Crown races.
355.txt: An example includes a jobber, Jimmy Jacobs, wrestling Eddie okay like uh well okay Guerrero during his last heel run and feud with Rey I mean I mean okay so so Mysterio, who actually won by disqualification when Guerrero beat him with a chair.
1132.txt: Frank Todd was an English professional rugby league footballer so okay okay um okay who played in the 1910s, and 1920s playing at um um so uh um representative level for England, and Yorkshire, and at um uh well I mean um club level for Halifax, as a, i. E. Number 6.
1673.txt: Hobart Johnstone Whitley, also known as HJ and the well uh um uh you know Father of Hollywood, built the first brick block building in the territory for the National Loan & Trust Company.
3767.txt: The Los Angeles Australian Film and Television Association (LAAFTA) was founded you know well uh well okay in May 2001 to provide a forum and meeting like well uh you know uh place for film and television industry professionals to view Australian films.
2649.txt: MarsDials were placed on the Spirit and Opportunity Mars rovers, inscribed with the words 'Two worlds, One sun'.
3748.txt: The Japanese government claimed that this control included like so I mean you know I mean all the rights and privileges granted to Russia by well well you know I mean you know China in the Li - Lobanov Treaty of 1896, you know um okay okay uh as enlarged by the Kwantung Lease Agreement of I mean okay well I mean like 1898; which included absolute and exclusive administration within the South Manchuria Railway Zone.
679.txt: By this time, KSNB was owned by Colins Broadcasting Corporation, you know well like okay well while KTVG was owned by Hill Broadcasting Company, both were operated by Pappas Telecasting Companies under a time brokerage agreement.
1804.txt: In 1921, he ordered the murders of his nephew's wife, you know uh um um okay mother, and two sisters - in - law I mean so you know uh uh to gain control of their oil rights, and then had I mean like um so um killed eight other people who had threatened to testify against him.
484.txt: At that time, due to distributor and other matters beyond okay I mean so I mean uh the group's control, these two releases failed to so um like you know like get sufficient airplay and their complete album was never released in the US.
402.txt: Around the First World War, the paper's circulation was just um uh you know you know like short of 100, 000, but it would not be published during the First or the Second World War.
505.txt: At this time, the town consisted of only one whiskey so I mean you know I mean so and drug store, and the population consisted mostly of railroad workers, well I mean I mean um uh but this store was later joined um like so uh okay by a general store operated by Woodridge Anabel, and a hardware store operated by Drew Wilkerson.
2578.txt: Loveless and Tackett took turns stabbing Sharer in the chest; uh like okay um I mean they then strangled Sharer with a rope until she okay uh well okay uh was unconscious, placed her in the trunk, and told the other two girls that Sharer was dead.
3183.txt: Richard and Mary Parker are fictional characters of Marvel Comics and so you know okay um I mean the parents of Peter Parker, the boy would become Spider - Man.
3732.txt: The Hudson - Hoosic Watershed is a drainage basin okay well I mean um so located in the VT 0th Congressional District, MA 1st Congressional District, and NY 20th and 21st Congressional Districts.
1918.txt: In 2015, CAP released a partial list of its donors, I mean okay uh um uh which included 28 anonymous donors accounting for at least $ 5 million in contributions.
4073.txt: The first time the violin was returned shortly after the uh okay okay you know you know theft; the second theft occurred backstage at Carnegie Hall okay um uh well um in 1936 and the violin was not recovered until 50 years later.
580.txt: Billy Ray Smith Sr. Was inducted into the Arkansas um I mean okay uh like Sports Hall of Fame in 1976, and enshrined into the University of Arkansas' Hall of Honor in 1994.
4054.txt: The final 'Tales of the Watcher' story introduced veteran artist okay well like I mean well George Tuska as a Marvel regular; four years later, he would become of Iron Man's signature artists.
3345.txt: She has also participated in Miss India. She was crowned Miss Beautiful smile in the Femina Miss India Contest.
1438.txt: He made his first team debut in Elfsborg's 2 - like so um uh I mean 2 draw away at IF Brommapojkarna on 26 September 2010, like I mean um um you know and scored his first goal against Syrianska FC in the home victory, 2 - 1, on 27 June 2011.
633.txt: Brian continues his millionaire sham and decides um well so so I mean to return the ring, but is dismayed when he like so uh you know you know finds out that Chris ate it, so he and Stewie decide to force Chris to poop it out.
2559.txt: Little Boy Blue is also the name of a I mean okay um uh you know 1997 film about a dysfunctional rural family starring Ryan um uh uh okay so Phillippe and Nastassja Kinski and of a prominent character in the Fables comic book series.
3147.txt: Randy Mengullo entered Jack & Jill School in okay you know like so uh the school year of 1994 in whom he organized you know well uh so I mean / introduced Karatedo as a sport in school and you know uh I mean okay so a regular P. E. Subject to all pupils and um you know I mean like so presently he is the chief instructor and martial arts coordinator of all JJS brances.
4866.txt: What is referred to as a large keelson is actually okay um um so well a 7. 5m long mast - step timber made of oak okay uh um you know uh which doubles the axial frame and the stringers, nailed on to the frames, reinforced the hull longitudinally.
1146.txt: From 1802 he crewed on privateer ships, and by 1810 well okay uh I mean so he had accumulated enough prize money to become the master of his own vessel.
4242.txt: The opposing goaltender in that game was Jimmy Howard, okay you know um um okay Jimmy was a teammate of Adam's in Grand Rapids in 2007 - 08.
4766.txt: Two songs, 'Aeroplane' and 'What You Know', were included in well um well uh um the release; these are short - form pop songs uh like I mean uh you know featuring lead vocals by Moerlen, the first time vocals appear on a Gong record since 1975.
3662.txt: The Catholic Institute of Sydney, a tertiary educational facility that well okay like okay okay is a member institution of the Sydney College of Divinity, well I mean like so you know delivers theological studies at both undergraduate and postgraduate qualifications and okay okay so okay uh prepares students who are studying for ordination to the priesthood in the Catholic Church.
1117.txt: Forest City has various museums, ranging from the Rutherford County Farm Museum to the Bennett Classical Auto Museum.
2156.txt: Isolated at work too, she shuts herself up in their like um so I mean uh apartment, and becomes a slave of her own I mean you know okay uh uh paranoid fears, and becoming increasingly psychotic and unable to tell fantasy from reality, begins to hallucinate.
3983.txt: The coronation ceremony is known as 'fakanofo' in Tongan society; the well I mean um well uh president oversees this and the would be king is guarded by two entrusted Matapules on either side of him.
4130.txt: The initial setup used the left analog stick for all the well well I mean um so character's bodily movements; minor movements to the stick like you know okay well uh controlled the upper body movements, while bigger movements controlled the lower body and movement within the ring.
3300.txt: Several baseball series machines were tested and showed much like okay uh I mean um - improved performance, but theoretical calculations showed that the well well uh um I mean maximum amount of energy they could produce would be uh um um like so about the same as the energy needed to run the magnets.
2343.txt: James Oliver Vaughan (born 14 July 1988) is an okay uh um um okay English footballer who plays for Football League Championship uh well okay okay so side Huddersfield Town as a striker and has represented I mean uh I mean I mean okay England at U17, U19 and under 21 level but has since expressed a desire to represent Jamaica at international level.
3483.txt: Southeast Airlines Flight 308 was an American domestic flight operated by um so well uh you know Southeast Airlines between Knoxville and Tri-City, on 8 well so so I mean uh January 1959 it was flown by Douglas DC - 3A registered 'N18941'.
4405.txt: The steward had thought that the harsh sentence would frighten the um like I mean well you know peasants but quite the opposite was true - over like um you know uh like the next year they secretly prepared for war, I mean I mean so well you know recruiting one man from every farmers house, supplying them with weapons and teaching them tactics.
2099.txt: In the operation, the majority of Hezbollahs' long - range so so well uh um rockets were destroyed in airstrikes that lasted 34 okay so so well uh minutes, due to the quality of IDF intelligence regarding the deployment of the fajr rockets across Lebanon.
4394.txt: The southernmost village in the Golan, it is located like you know okay like so from the Sea of Galilee at a height of above sea level, it falls under the jurisdiction of Golan Regional Council.
3971.txt: The company operated under the name Cornell Aeronautical Laboratory from so well like okay uh 1946 until 1972 when Cornell University reorganized the lab uh okay um um you know as the for - profit Calspan Corporation and then sold its stock in Calspan to the public.
894.txt: Donati, at the time Podestà of Florence, was exiled by I mean uh you know like uh the White Guelphs in 1299, but he and the Black Guelphs uh um you know I mean um returned to Florence with Charles of Valois in November 1301 and took power again, exiling and killing many White Guelphs.
476.txt: At age seventeen he enlisted as a rifleman in the okay I mean okay uh okay Pennsylvania state troops and marched with Benedict Arnold on Quebec; okay so I mean um uh taken prisoner during the ill - fated attempt to like um you know like okay storm the city on January 1, 1776, he remained confined for nine months.
1779.txt: In 1799, he married Elizabeth Stevens Livingston (1780 so I mean so like well -- 1829, daughter of Chancellor Robert R. Livingston), I mean I mean well you know uh and their daughter Elizabeth Livingston (1813 -- 1896) was the I mean uh okay uh uh grandmother of Anna Hall Roosevelt, and great - grandmother of Eleanor Roosevelt.
3731.txt: The Honeycombs were an English beat / pop group, uh you know you know um you know founded in 1963 in North London, best known for uh uh I mean well I mean their chart - topping hit, the million selling 'Have I the Right?', in 1964.
4352.txt: The second leg segued to the UK and Europe you know like I mean so you know - these dates included opening for The Heavy, the festival 'Camden Rocks', and individual headline gigs.
3683.txt: The Crescendo morphed into the CSII, and eventually into the you know so so okay um CS2000 & CS3000 before being replaced in the late 1990's by Euphonix's System 5 all - digital console.
539.txt: Beavis says about music videos that 'They suck' proping Gus to like uh um so um warn them to no avail, after Beavis moons the audience I mean like uh you know well on Live TV Gus cuts to commercial and has them leave the set.
3536.txt: Supporters of the charter movement filed an appeal with okay um okay uh okay the Contra Costa County Board of Education, which you know so like I mean well on January 11, 2012, overturned the district's decision and approved the charter.
642.txt: Bruce was not elected to a second term in 1881 uh okay like so well and in 1890 the Democratic - dominated state legislature passed a new um I mean well okay well constitution disfranchising most black voters, a situation that persisted into okay um okay like I mean the 1960s until after federal enforcement of constitutional rights under the Voting Rights Act of 1965.
3456.txt: Solovyov loved all Slavs, particularly Poles and Croats, because of his so uh you know okay I mean desire to unite all all Slavs in one Catholic Church, okay you know um like like because some Slavs are Roman, while others are Orthodox Catholics.
932.txt: During his tenure as Provost, which position he held until like okay um like you know his death, he made many reforms to College, including abolishing Long Chamber, Montem and the Christopher.
1869.txt: In 1999 Little played a Star in the ITV comedy um so so like so drama 'The Flint Street Nativity' which also starred Frank Skinner, um I mean like so you know Jane Horrocks, Mark Addy, Josie Lawrence, Neil Morrissey, Stephen Tomkinson, and Julia Sawalha.
1983.txt: In September 2007, delegates at the Liberal Democrat conference um um I mean you know um voted to condemn the UCU's 'perverse' decision, and called for uh uh um uh okay UCU members to reject the proposal and continue to engage in 'the fullest possible dialogue' with their Israeli and Palestinian counterparts.
3694.txt: The Duchy of Merania (also Meran, Merano, or Meranie,) was so okay you know like uh created during the German Empire time. It is also okay um you know like uh called the Duchy of Dalmatia as it covered the northern Dalmatian seacoast.
5.txt: 'Aerodynamic' is an instrumental song by Daft Punk that is particularly well - known for its robotic guitar solo.
4904.txt: While at NYU film school, Walker supported herself by DJing like um uh I mean you know and was featured as a cover story in 'Option' and on the cover of issue No. 154 of 'The Wire'.
3728.txt: The Gulf of Chiriqui is a part of Panama that encompasses Coiba National Park and Golfo de Chiriqui National Park.
2553.txt: Lilienthal was born in Moscow, Russia, and moved to Hungary at the age of two.
665.txt: By 15 March, the federal government reported that 50 % um I mean I mean I mean you know of the oil had been contained and that the slick well um well well so had been removed from about 95 % of Bribie I mean you know like uh um Island, 85 % along the Sunshine Coast and 25 % around Moreton Island.
3540.txt: Surrounded by mountains, Naharlagun is a small town which like you know you know I mean like sees annual long monsoon rains. Weather is basically sub-tropical with hot and humid summer and pleasant winter.
368.txt: Angles whose sum is a right angle are called complementary, those whose sum is a straight angle are supplementary.
126.txt: A two - track demo released in 2004 saw I mean I mean well um so very limited distribution (only 13 copies), and from 2004 to um okay um okay so 2007, Sons of Alpha Centauri sporadically performed around Kent with you know uh like like like Kent - based artists such as Los Salvadores and Bossk.
277.txt: Air molecules near the end move freely, producing displacement antinodes in the standing wave.
2946.txt: On the next day, Badoglio and Roatta met with Mussolini, who like so I mean like um announced that his objective was the capture of the uh well you know okay uh entire country and that he would contact Bulgaria for a joint operation.
1544.txt: He was joint editor of the 'Christian Remembrancer', but like okay okay um um withdrew from the position because of his substantial agreement with the famous Gorham decision.
1725.txt: However, there have been some discrepancies with the use of uh you know like well you know this method including differences in observations when using single you know okay uh well I mean and multiple needles as well as the areas of where the needles are placed.
3392.txt: She was soon recruited by the casting director of the well so uh so well FOX series 'The O. C.' She had a six - episode well so okay uh um recurring role as Holly Fischer in the first season of 'The um okay like okay um O. C.', and returned in the fourth season for 4 episodes.
3744.txt: The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) and so I mean um I mean I mean other extremists tend to view the peacock angel as uh uh um well so the malevolent archangel Lucifer or Satan and label the Yazidi as 'devil' worshippers.
3874.txt: The Villages is a master - planned age - restricted okay um um you know like retirement community located mainly in Sumter County, Florida, United uh well you know so uh States, but also includes portions of Lake and Marion counties.
2892.txt: On 31 July 1901 he married Freda Elais Butts Howell okay well uh like like (1874 - 1957) granddaughter of Sir Thomas Howell, Lady in Waiting Queen Mary (1911 Delhi Durbar India).
4568.txt: They are often used by open source projects and other um so like you know well multi-developer projects to handle various versions and developers submitting various patches of code in an organized fashion.
2177.txt: It continues the events in The Infinity War, and is continued in.
4681.txt: Thomas William Oscar Judd (February 14, 1908 -- December uh I mean well okay you know 27, 1995) was a Major League Baseball pitcher well I mean okay um um for the Boston Red Sox (1941 -- 1945) and Philadelphia Phillies (1945 -- 1948).
2226.txt: It is necessary to collect from 300, 000 to uh uh uh uh so 315, 000 signatures for the admission to the elections, in each okay uh well uh uh subject of Federation it is necessary to collect at least 7, 500 signatures.
2854.txt: O'Cearuill was called up the Republic of Ireland senior squad like okay um I mean you know for the first time in May 2007 for I mean I mean so well I mean an end of season tour to the United States and well uh um you know okay made his debut after coming on as a sub against Ecuador.
4877.txt: When United States - led forces attacked Osama bin uh um well so well Laden's stronghold at Tora Bora, al - Turkistani was I mean so uh I mean so among the local defenders; after the battle's end, he okay uh well well you know fled to Pakistan, where he was arrested and jailed by the Inter-Services Intelligence until around 2011.
4077.txt: The fleet consists of over 5, 700 buses of so okay so well well various types and models for fixed - route service, and okay like you know uh well over 2, 000 vans and cabs for ADA paratransit uh I mean um so um service, providing service in New York City, southwestern Nassau County, and the city of Yonkers.
3239.txt: SS 'Navajo Victory' was a cargo ship built during you know like um um so World War II under the Emergency Shipbuilding program, it was completed by the California Shipbuilding Company on June 30, 1944.
2240.txt: It is the tenth song on 'Riot City Blues' um like uh well I mean and was released just before Christmas on the 18th um so um well um December 2006 on limited 7' vinyl and download from iTunes like like I mean um well UK, although it was actually put onto iTunes about a week before then.
4032.txt: The fantail is a popular breed of fancy pigeon characterised you know um so um well by a tail composed of 30 to 40 feathers, abnormaly I mean you know okay you know okay more than most members of the pigeon family, which usually have 12 to 14 feathers.
3555.txt: Taking refuge in Egypt, Victor Emmanuel died in Alexandria the like okay well you know okay following year, and was buried there, behind the altar of St Catherine's Cathedral.
1896.txt: In 2007, Croucher he began to work with producer and Classified who produced Croucher's debut album 'No Dress Code' in 2007.
3784.txt: The Mongols invaded once again in 1300 -- 01 but could okay okay well I mean okay not break through and withdrew altogether from northern Burma in 1303.
1428.txt: He led the team all three years in scoring with 13. 5 uh okay okay well okay points per game in 1960, 16. 5 in 1961, and 12. 8 in 1962.
474.txt: At Christmas, Terminal Tower is bathed in red like well uh you know well and green, and for Fourth of July celebrations is lit in red, white and blue.
958.txt: During the season she had a strong fondness for so like um um uh Jessie, sometimes she could be seen sneaking in his bed to watch him when he sleeps.
2991.txt: Osgoode Hall is the name for a landmark building in you know uh you know so well downtown Toronto which houses the Ontario Court of Appeal, the Divisional uh so so I mean so Court of the Superior Court of Justice, and the Law Society of Upper Canada.
2036.txt: In it Miss Willard portrayed the inspirational, prominent character of uh so you know so well Salvation Army worker, Priscilla Worth, which turned out to be um like you know I mean uh not only her final performance for 1966, but also the final acting role of her career.
711.txt: Carvings from the original church were incorporated into the um um um like so porch of the present church, and the church is famous I mean so so um um for being one of the few in the country with the Devil in stained glass.
3460.txt: Some claim that Magburaka should be included in the above list, well um okay um um but one source estimates the population at only okay uh um well so 14, 915, whilst another puts it as high as 85, 313.
1163.txt: Further south near Esperance, the economy is based on agriculture so like so so uh and fishing, with wheat and barley widely grown; well uh uh um okay however, this requires huge inputs in fertilisers okay uh well uh like because of the sandy nature of the soils and is a major threat to the region's great plant diversity.
1238.txt: Gravity Probe A (GP - A) was a space I mean well so uh I mean - based experiment to test the theory of general relativity, so well um uh okay performed jointly by the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.
4001.txt: The decision to accept most of the proposed changes was uh uh so I mean well headlined in newspapers across the United States, as for example so well okay so okay on page 1 of the 'Davenport Daily Republican' of you know like well uh like Davenport, Iowa, where it was the major headline of the morning edition.
349.txt: An album of the same name was also released well like like um you know following the song's success, which was also quite successful so like um okay okay as was certified 'Gold' by the RIAA in early 1973 for selling over 500, 000 copies.
4421.txt: The team was founded in 2012 and will play home well like um so like games at the Gordon Field House on the campus of Rochester Institute of Technology in Henrietta, New York.
4260.txt: The other gods however sensed the plot and held off from like you know like so like eating of the boy's body and brought Pelops well okay so uh um back to life, his shoulder replaced with one made of ivory made for him by Hephaestus.
3203.txt: Roku's appearance represents the ideal life that they could have you know I mean so like um lead if they got married, however the realism influence on you know you know uh well well the story shows how these ideal lives are not common in the real world.
1322.txt: He created the name in 1999 for the purpose of I mean I mean uh uh I mean playing incognito solo shows in Perth, choosing Bob Evans, 'because um okay um so so it was written on a T - shirt I was wearing'.
2423.txt: Kain began training in 1962 at the age I mean well you know uh um of eleven at the National Ballet School of Canada, well okay okay well okay for seven years and upon graduation in 1969, she was invited to join the National Ballet of Canada.
1919.txt: In 2015, Lopez's great - grandchildren rediscovered the box well like so so like in their late grandfather's attic and brought it to I mean well uh um like the attention of a local reporter, whose TV well so um I mean I mean news report on the strange find was picked up by several national news outlets.
1454.txt: He platted his town as 'Snoqualmie' and another nearby town was platted 'Snoqualmie Falls' while Taylor was out of town.
553.txt: Belief in the afterlife varies among Wiccans, although I mean okay you know um well reincarnation is a traditional Wiccan teaching dating back to the New Forest coven in the 1930s.
4591.txt: They make content involved with the film industry this includes: you know so well like I mean reviews of films and web shows, interviews, film festival news, features and masterclasses.
741.txt: Children that result from unintended pregnancies are more likely to so like you know okay so suffer from abuse and neglect, they are also more likely to live in poverty.
1312.txt: He came to dance relatively late in life, however, his okay um like um okay talent led to rapid promotion, and in 1932 he made his first appearance on the Paris stage.
1193.txt: Geoffrey Graeme 'Geoff' Brock is a South Australian politician, representing the so so like I mean um seat of Frome in the South Australian House of Assembly okay okay okay I mean so as an Independent, after a shock win at uh so um well well the 2009 Frome state by - election, defeating the Liberal candidate Terry Boylan.
1389.txt: He is a hypnotist and also an I Ching so okay well um uh practitioner and has experimented successfully with occult therapeutic techniques.
4556.txt: They agree to get rid of the unborn spirit within so okay like uh like Yukie and Mariko apparently succeeds but the curse tricks them into removing Fukie's spirit from the body.
1142.txt: Fresno County, officially the County of Fresno, is a um um like like you know county located in the Central Valley of the U like okay so okay okay. S. State of California, south of Stockton and north of Bakersfield.
4602.txt: Thigpen's death also led to a four - year hiatus I mean uh well you know so of 'Bear in the Big Blue House', and a planned film version of 'Bear' was put on hold.
1745.txt: IMRO (United) was founded in 1925 in Vienna okay I mean uh um you know under the leadership of Dimitar Vlahov, Pavel Satev, Georgi Zankov, Rizo Rizov, Vladimir Pop Timov and Hristo Jankov.
2401.txt: Joy of Christmas is the second album of you know so you know um I mean the Chorus Paulinus recorded in the United States compposed of choral arrangements by Arnold Zamora for Chorus Paulinus in 1999.
760.txt: Civilian Irregular Defense Group ( CIDG, pronounced well so well um you know 'sid - gee' ) was a program devised by like so so I mean you know the CIA in early 1961 to counter expanding Viet Cong influence in South Vietnam's Central Highlands.
1268.txt: Hamilton Adolph 'Bud' Westmore (January 13, 1918 - um you know you know um so June 24, 1973) was a renowned makeup artist in so okay uh I mean okay Hollywood having worked on over 450 movies and television shows.
1710.txt: However, his practice did not prosper, and he moved several I mean um uh uh okay more times before finally being arrested in Philadelphia by a like like so like I mean creator. Philadelphia for a few more years, teaching and okay well well uh well practicing medicine, until in 1824 he decided to go to Venezuela.
990.txt: Eight term incumbent Tim Holden (D) is running um I mean well so I mean against Toni Gilhooley (R), a retired PA State Trooper who served for 25 years.
969.txt: Each beat counts down from the initial 1000 - I mean okay you know like okay once the remaining number reaches 0, the game is over.
2300.txt: It was originally published in the Spring 1968 issue of 'Ubris' magazine, and collected in King's 'Skeleton Crew' in 1985.
3987.txt: The couple only used parts of the ground floor and sadly like so uh you know so the rest of the house became little more so well I mean I mean okay than a ruin - until in 1986 Cornelia Bayley (the you know so okay I mean well present owner) bought Plas Teg for £ 750, 000 which included a grant of £ 250, 000 from CADW.
3589.txt: The 'Yamasee' who migrated to the Port Royal area I mean so so so you know around 1685 were in part a reunification of the um like um well um old La Tama chiefdom, but they also had um like you know you know um a large population of Guale Indians, as well as various others of generally Muskogean stock.
4166.txt: The magazine was published on a bi-monthly basis like so you know um okay until June / July2011 issue when it began to be published annually.
597.txt: Bomb damage assessment reported amounted to 1, 512 I mean well uh well so storage caches struck, resulting in 765 secondary explosions um like well I mean you know of munitions and POL. Vang Pao now regained the confidence you know uh I mean you know okay in air power that had been shaken okay well so um you know in Operation Pigfat when his air strike allotment was slashed.
4784.txt: Under the name Frits, they made covers I mean uh so okay well of old Neerlands Hoop songs and released an album in 1995: 'Dankzij de Dijken'.
1326.txt: He currently is Writer - in - Residence at like so well uh okay Seton Hall University, South Orange, N. J. Where like you know like you know I mean he teaches journalism and lectures on foreign news coverage, while uh uh I mean you know you know continuing to work on books, magazine articles and other writing projects.
1552.txt: He was one of the founders of Taki Rua I mean like so you know uh Theatre (formerly The Depot) in Wellington which presented bi-cultural works and so like uh so like saw the emergence of award winning Maori theatre particularly in you know um okay you know I mean the 1990s, when he became co-Artistic Director of Taki Rua Theatre with playwright Hone Kouka.
951.txt: During the fight, Ryu notices that Shun also possesses uh well well well I mean the Dark Hadou, before Zangief has a chance to um I mean okay um uh crush Shun (literally), Ryu steps in to stop the I mean uh well okay okay fight, the fight takes a dark turn when Ryu releases the power of Dark Hadou.
3167.txt: René Corbet (born June 25, 1973) is a Canadian retired uh so I mean okay okay ice hockey player who played in the National Hockey League like well so um um with the Quebec Nordiques, Colorado Avalanche, Calgary Flames, and the Pittsburgh Penguins.
957.txt: During the period from 1988 to 1994, Benfica made a huge well like you know uh so financial investment in an effort to win another European Cup, like okay like so I mean reaching two European Cup finals in 1988 and 1990, but lost to PSV and Milan respectively.
567.txt: Bernardt had been told her mother would not attend, and she okay okay you know um okay performed her first scenes admirably, Then, much to her uh I mean you know so well surprise, her mother and aunt Rosine appeared in like well um um so the audience, and Sarah suffered the first of a lifetime of episodes of stage fright.
624.txt: Both ships took avoiding action but were too late to avoid um okay uh you know uh a collision, and about 0200 hrs 'Testbank' rammed 'Ceramic' s starboard bow.
1446.txt: He moved to Jerusalem at the age of 21 okay you know um so so in the early 1990s, where he did his formal like well you know well I mean training at the Rubin Academy of Music and Dance in I mean I mean you know well so Jerusalem receiving his M. A. In piano, studying under Meira Smailovic, Arbo Valdma, and Irina Berkovich.
399.txt: Arlesey Old Moat and Glebe Meadows are two nature reserves managed by the Wildlife Trust for Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Northamptonshire.
4943.txt: With both ends of the road completely flooded, um so like uh okay the group prepares to spend the night; however, they well like okay uh I mean quickly find there is an unknown murderer present, killing off each of the guests.
2418.txt: KPDX's transmitter is located in the Sylvan - Highlands um well you know well I mean section of Portland; master control operations for both KPTV and KPDX well um um um um are located at Meredith's West Coast hub facility at the studios of Phoenix, Arizona sister station KPHO - TV.
456.txt: As the front arms sweeps down in an arc from the okay so I mean well I mean inside to the outside of the body, the back hand is you know I mean okay um well 6rt5yrtyacross the body, intersecting at the forearms and providing a firm defence.
3621.txt: The Alevi Kurds of Dersim ( in formality 'Tunceli', well um uh like so Turkey ) believe him as a savior; same people describe him as a 'sovereign of the sea's'.
2612.txt: Malin 1 is a giant low surface brightness (LSB) disk galaxy like um okay like well and one of the largest spiral galaxies currently known, so so I mean like um at approximately 650, 000 light years across, six and a half times the diameter of our Milky Way.
408.txt: Arthur Monnickendam, the third president of the business, represented you know like I mean you know I mean the diamond industry in the London Chamber of Commerce and became okay like so uh I mean a member of CIBJO, the World Jewellery Confederation, representing the United Kingdom.
3585.txt: The 'LA Riot Squad' is a supporters group for the like um uh uh okay Galaxy formed after a loss in the 2001 MLS you know well like well I mean Cup, when then - Galaxy keeper Kevin you know uh I mean so um Hartman challenged a group of Galaxy fans to form a so so like I mean okay supporter group of 100 people by opening day of 2002.
4016.txt: The energy of the falling water entrains the air uh uh well like um into the water; the air is compressed by surrounding uh so so I mean um water pressure (which increases under a column due to the discharge to atmospheric pressure).
661.txt: But victims and their families brutalised by the Japanese military said you know um so so you know that the conclusion can be known to Shinozaki himself, and well I mean okay so okay those looking back at its history from the safe passage of time.
1365.txt: He has done a few television commercials for popular brands like's so okay so you know well 'Savdhaan India', MTV India's crime series 'Webbed', UTV Bindass's 'Yeh Hai Aashiqui', and Zing's 'Pyaar Tune Kya Kiya'.
591.txt: Blue green algae, a food advocated by Kulvinskas, is associated with anatoxin and microcystins.
3322.txt: She becomes very torn later in the story because her grandmother so so like like so is dying and she feels like she is killing her I mean well well well so because the fairy godmother finally found a replacement like so okay I mean you know and now the fairy god mother can rest knowing the fairy tale world rests in good hands.
3244.txt: Saint Lucia's population is predominantly African / black (141, uh like um so okay 216 in 2010; 85. 3 % of the total well uh like so like population) or of mixed African - European descent (17, 965; 10. 8 %).
131.txt: A vigorous English - speaking middle class was now the dominant well uh well like like cultural force; a number of its members were influenced uh okay okay I mean like by political or cultural nationalism, and some took an interest in the literature of the Irish language.
939.txt: During the 1980's, Moreno was a favorite of like okay well well I mean Pulitzer Prize - winning playwright Beth Henley, having appeared in at least four premieres of Henley's plays.
428.txt: As a result of this strengthening, industrial manufacturing and well I mean like okay like services were crowded out and became non-competitive on world well so so okay like markets, a phenomenon that is often referred to in economics literature as Dutch disease.
1249.txt: Guy Mathez is a Swiss football manager from Canton of Jura.
3669.txt: The Church that stands today is The Church of St Bartholomew uh so so like well this is an 18th Century, Grade II listed, small Georgian red brick church.
4044.txt: The film is well populated with actors you know like you know I mean so from Louisville, Kentucky, where the film was shot, including star you know okay so um um Sean O'Bryan, who attended St. Xavier High School, and Maggie uh so okay well uh Lawson, who went on to star in 8 seasons of the hit TV show Psych.
705.txt: Carol J. Chumney (born February 13, 1961) was a candidate to well okay like uh so become mayor of Memphis, Tennessee and is currently the holder of so like uh well so the fifth seat on the Memphis City Council.
458.txt: As the standard of technical engineering at the Wall increased and um you know I mean okay I mean this particular escape route became less and less important, other so um um I mean well means of leaving the GDR were used more often, okay okay you know you know okay for example by way of neighboring socialist countries, using forged documents or hiding in vehicles.
4332.txt: The saint patron is Santa Maria della Vittoria, which was celebrated I mean uh um you know you know on the first Sunday of October for years, but is now celebrated on the last Sunday of August.
1706.txt: However, he switched to union and made his debut for France in a Test against Italy in Naples in 1966.
2894.txt: On 7 October 1939 the ship travelled to Portland, where okay um um well so captain Morée requested the ship drop her anchor off of the Shambles Sandbank as the sun was setting.
4728.txt: Together with James, she compiled crosswords for several newspapers and um uh so like I mean magazines, including People, and it was in 1978 that they launched their own publishing company.
706.txt: Carpenter is openly gay and is one of uh you know like like okay two LGBT members of the Wisconsin Legislature, alongside Rep JoCasta Zamarripa (D -- Milwaukee).
1001.txt: Elsie the Cow is a cartoon cow that has been used I mean okay so well so as the logo for the Borden Dairy Company since 1936 to symbolize the 'perfect dairy product'.
4842.txt: Visual Studio Team Foundation Server (including Workgroup Edition) requires Microsoft okay like well you know you know SQL Server 2005 Standard Edition; however, a license for Standard Edition is included with both products.
1750.txt: Idolator said the song 'dissolves into glitchy loops' well well so um uh before transitioning into the next track, a Phil you know um you know uh uh Collins cover from his 1985 album 'No Jacket Required', the original pop rock anthem 'Take Me Home'.
3198.txt: Robert Zubrin has proposed an alternative liquid - core uh uh um uh I mean design, the nuclear salt - water rocket, wherein water is the working fluid and neutron moderator.
965.txt: Duroc is a station of the Paris Métro, and is like I mean I mean I mean so named after Geraud Duroc, Duke of Friuli (1772 - 1813), who was one of Napoleon Bonaparte's Generals.
2971.txt: One prahar is divided into gharis (also called ghati you know like you know I mean so / ghadi), and the gharis are further divided into sub-units.
323.txt: Although evolutionary theory is hard to test, the popularity of so I mean well okay so zoos (Wilson, 1993), camping, and hanging up plants in our homes provide support for this theory.
1908.txt: In 2011, Petra Kvitová won the tournament and later reached you know you know so like so a career high of world no. Nine of the 18 winners have not reached WTA world no. 1.
698.txt: Carbon dioxide air capture is a form of carbon so like um well you know capture that removes carbon dioxide from ambient air, as like okay so so well opposed to removing CO 2 from the stack emissions of large point sources, such as fossil fuel fired power stations.
4526.txt: There is considerable overlap with food salvage, food rescue like uh uh okay okay and gleaning, although not with freeganism or dumpster - diving.
2980.txt: Option ARMs are popular because they are usually offered um well well uh okay with a very low initial interest rate ( a like you know well um well so - called 'teaser rate' ) and a low like like you know I mean okay minimum payment, which permits borrowers to qualify for a much larger loan than would otherwise be possible.
1451.txt: He often attended services of different denominations, and he suppressed anti-Catholic celebrations in the Army.
1812.txt: In 1933 he was C - in - C the Nore being promoted to Admiral 1935.
2364.txt: Jian Shuo plotted to assassinate He Jin but uh okay well uh okay the conspiracy was discovered in advance, and He Jin had Jian Shuo arrested and executed.
4042.txt: The film began principal photography on April 3, 2017 with a small coffee shop scene, shot at Ciclo Cafe.
2477.txt: Kraina Mriy (founded in 2004) is a biannual, multi-day festival okay uh so I mean uh of ethnically Russo - Ukrainian music, and was founded by Ukrainian musician Oleg Skrypka.
106.txt: A protectionist policy ensured a consistent nucleus of so like you know uh I mean scholars and teachers: laws issued by like I mean uh so you know Cosimo I, Ferdinando I and Ferdinando II obliged okay I mean uh um I mean those who intended to obtain a degree to attend the Studium of Pisa.
4683.txt: Thompson Center manufactures a variety of muzzleloading rifles of you know okay like uh um both Traditional and Inline designs, and sell a great number you know you know I mean I mean like of percussion and flintlock rifles in a wide variety of bore diameters.
4408.txt: The streak began in the final months of 1990 uh okay like well you know as the chestnut filly overcame adversity to win the Grade uh okay okay I mean so 2 Black - Eyed Susan Stakes over a muddy race track after losing a shoe.
3985.txt: The correct location for docking for GSP is um well so like uh after the caudal vertebrae start to curl, leaving enough tail so well uh so uh to let the dog fart at a jaunty angle, not curled under.
4179.txt: The marine snail 'Hinea brasiliana' uses flashes of light for defence, um you know well okay so emitted through the translucent shell which functions as an efficient diffuser of light.
2869.txt: On 1 April 1926, the Transjordan Frontier Force was formed I mean I mean so like uh from cadre drawn from the Arab Legion, and it consisted okay um uh okay so of only 150 men and most of them were stationed along Transjordan's roads.
372.txt: Ann Philippa Pearce (23 January 1920 - 21 I mean well well okay like December 2006) was an English children's author born in I mean I mean well um I mean 1920 and brought up in the King's Mill House in the village of Great Shelford, Cambridgeshire.
4430.txt: The then Chancellor Gordon Brown announced plans for privatisation in the you know so like okay well 2006 Budget, but until any sale happens, it remains a statutory corporation.
2264.txt: It resulted from the merge of the 'Academisch Ziekenhuis like okay so okay you know Leiden' (Leiden Academic Hospital) and the medical faculty of Leiden uh uh so I mean you know University in the late 1990s; similar arrangements exist for most university hospitals in The Netherlands.
4374.txt: The site of Faillouox is steeped in five centuries of like like um like I mean history and the first recorded mention of the site can be traced back to the year 1445.
1122.txt: Fort Rosecrans National Cemetery is situated in the city um okay uh well well of San Diego, California, on the Fort Rosecrans Military Reservation, today it is known as Naval Base Point Loma.
4250.txt: The original Island Gardens DLR station was opened like okay you know okay um in 1987 as the southern terminus of the DLR's initial uh so like um you know system, and was an elevated terminal station with two platforms each capable of accommodating a single car train.
1642.txt: His forces grew to around 6, 000 men by June like well you know so okay 1861, and the French had began to report uh um I mean um I mean that junks from Singapore and Hong Kong had arrived in Go Cong with shipments of European - made weapons.
186.txt: After 22 years since their breakup, MAXX so so you know so okay officially returned to live performing in Spring 2017 with so okay you know uh well original lead vocalist Elyse (aka Linda Meek) and newcomer: rapper / singer Elijah MC.
2753.txt: Most of these errors have been fixed well like uh I mean um in a new enhanced version Sonic's Ultimate Genesis Collection for like you know well like okay Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3, which allowing high definition playing through scaling - up and filters.
3702.txt: The Empire, already pushed to the brink of collapse um like okay like uh as a result of the war, is undermanned and struggles I mean I mean like you know I mean to protect the villages, and if the tribes were once again to reuinite, the Empire would most likely fall.
1204.txt: Getting constant volume is, technically, relatively simple and metering systems relying on constant volume dispensation therefore are especially simple and reliable.
1310.txt: He became the children's editor for the 'News Chronicle', and from so you know I mean I mean like 1954 presented a BBC music request programme for children, 'Children's Favourites', on Saturday mornings.
789.txt: Considering Johnny's thirst for data, Fred is sworn not to reveal like well so um okay their location to Johnny, believing that the robot would become um you know uh okay um over-excited; but when Fred reveals their location, the robot leaves um you know so like well the warehouse to explore the city and inadvertently befriends Oscar himself.
934.txt: During latent infection a viral RNA transcript inhibits expression of the gene encoding ICP0 via an antisense RNA mechanism.
1786.txt: In 1859, he traveled westward in the company of well like I mean I mean so Frederick W. Lander, a land surveyor for the U. S well like I mean uh okay. Government, and returned to a studio he had taken at the um okay I mean so um Tenth Street Studio Building in New York with sketches that would result in numerous finished paintings.
2486.txt: LTS result in the neuron reaching the threshold for so okay I mean I mean like an action potential, and so the spike is typically crowned uh okay like you know okay by a burst of two to seven action potentials, which is known as a low - threshold burst.
3707.txt: The Fairmount Line is undergoing a major rehabilitation that includes I mean I mean well like uh the construction of four new stations in Boston, while work so okay I mean I mean well on a new western terminus of the Fitchburg Line at Wachusett Station has started.
2863.txt: Olaf comes to Anna's rescue and reveals Kristoff is in love I mean well you know well um with her, and two travel out onto the fjord to find him.
997.txt: Elias Breeskin (Born 1896 - died May 9, 1969) was I mean you know I mean so like born sometime in 1896 in Yekaterinsolav, a small village in like well like um so the Ukraine, which has now morphed into the industrial city of Dnepropetrovsk, with over a million inhabitants.
1419.txt: He is well known for his unequivocal position to okay well uh well you know fight homosexuality in all forms and recently you know like uh like uh even raided with the Police, a gay activist workshop where participants were arrested.
4474.txt: The winners of the two Division Series met in the 2005 you know like like like you know National League Championship Series, with the winner of that um well so so so series becoming the National League champion, and face the American League champion in the 2005 World Series.
3512.txt: Still the Daughters did not feel that they were doing I mean um you know like uh enough, so they constructed, on their own, a sit down strike to take place at Pittston Coal headquarters.
608.txt: Born in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Black graduated from Dalhousie University with okay so um well I mean two degrees at age 19, and then went on to complete his actuarial training in 1974.
230.txt: After losing so many age - outs in 1987, okay uh um you know uh the '88 corps was very young; playing Stavinsky's Firebird Suite, the corps finished in fifth place in Kansas City.
813.txt: Croydon Central Library, located on four floors inside the so okay um I mean um Clocktower, is Croydon's main public library, part of the Croydon Libraries arm of the council.
2960.txt: One of Arman's earliest works of piano destruction, 'Chopin's Waterloo' uh okay okay you know you know (1962) involved the artist hacking a piano to pieces with an axe at the Galerie Saqqârah in Gstaad.
834.txt: Darwin had not made the link explicit in 'Origin', though a uh okay uh well um single line hinted at such a conclusion: 'light will be thrown on the origin of man and his history'.
2645.txt: Marky Ramone is the only living member of the longest I mean uh um I mean okay - running Ramones line - up, which featured Joey, Johnny and Dee Dee for 15 years.
362.txt: And the music has a melody and a uh okay well um like language in and of itself', while lead editor Naomi you know like so well I mean Zeichner went on to compare the album to uh okay well like well the work of Interpol and 'the retro biker bar rock that soundtracks' Sons of Anarchy'.
4982.txt: You can easily find lots of people of like okay so okay I mean this village near Laheriasarai Tower in Darbhanga. Upto like I mean like like you know some extent you can say that Panchobh rules everywhere in the city Darbhanga / Laheriasarai.
3590.txt: The 102. 1 FM frequency was originally home to KSTP I mean okay like um well - FM, and the station was partnered with Hubbard Broadcasting's AM station of the same name.
2944.txt: On the basis of these findings, Barbara McQuade, so uh okay uh um the United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Michigan, won uh like well uh okay a 23 - count indictment charging Fata with health care fraud, um um well I mean so conspiring to take and receive kickbacks, money laundering, and unlawfully procuring naturalization.
4699.txt: Throughout the fifties and sixties, a new school of artists emerged on the scene, who 'Pop Art' a household name.
1686.txt: Houston Cougars is the only Division 1 football team to well so like okay uh score 100 points against another Division 1 team, okay you know I mean so like (Tulsa) in 1968 and Georgia Tech is the only Division um like you know okay like I team to record over 200 points in one game, which occurred in 1916 against Cumberland.
3498.txt: Star - Lord (Scott Porter) receives a distress - call I mean um so well okay from the Nova Corps requesting the assistance of the um so I mean like well Guardians of the Galaxy on a nearby Kree planet, where their forces are being decimated by Thanos (Jake Hart).
2723.txt: Mitotic inhibitors are derived from natural substances such as plant um you know you know you know you know alkaloids and primarily used in cancer treatment and certain types of cancer research including cytogenetics.
4353.txt: The second of four daughters of a well - to like uh so you know so - do dental surgeon and a housewife, Neila's okay you know like you know um mother's name was Manonmany Balendra: Neila Balendra was born in 1938 in Colombo, Ceylon (now Sri Lanka).
3730.txt: The Hemidontidae is a small family of freshwater characins found in northern South America, south to the Paraná - Paraguay Basin.
3721.txt: The Ghanaian midfielder completed his move to VfB Stuttgart so you know you know so well in the German second tier league during the January transfer well okay okay uh like window on 31 January 2017, after the Africa Cup of Nations with the Black Stars.
2846.txt: Not completely yet, a large number of Tānks are well okay you know um like now followers of Islam, there are many Tanks still existing well okay you know well I mean among the Sainis andHindu Jats and Kadia Kshatriya community of Gujarat.
1749.txt: Identifiers must not be used as substitutes for the url parameter you know so well I mean okay therefore the use of the asin parameter and any use well I mean well well um of the template in citations shall render such citations invalid by default.
4086.txt: The football, field hockey, women's lacrosse, and track & uh you know uh like so field teams play at Richard Wackar Stadium, and the basketball, swimming & diving, and volleyball teams play in the Esbjornson Gymnasium.
2229.txt: It is over 100 million km in diameter, well uh um uh well it is almost the same size as HIP 110703, but so you know well well okay don't get confused with the other stars HIP 110703, HIP 110370, and HIP 110730.
387.txt: Another son, General Waller Taylor, represented Lunenburg in the like okay you know um well Virginia legislature, then moved to Vincennes, Indiana, where he so uh like well well became a judge and subsequently Adjutant General of the United States Army under General William Henry Harrison in the War of 1812.
1872.txt: In 2001, Cartoon Network obtained licensing to run like um um like so 96 more episodes and air the original Dragonball anime and uh I mean well uh uh was the top rated show in the Toonami block of Cartoon network.
3148.txt: Raphael was born in Lancaster Royal infirmary on Wednesday you know um like um um 10th February 1988, he lived in Morecambe Kingsway so okay uh okay well estate from 1988 - 1994, he has since lived in East and North London, as well as Morecambe.
1245.txt: Gretsa University was started in 2006 when it opened its okay so uh so so doors to its first batch of students pursuing Degree like I mean like well uh programmes in Hospitality, Tourism and Business. The University is recognized and certified by Commission for Higher Education (CHE).
194.txt: After Reformation Day, the band began experimenting with altered states uh like well uh I mean of consiousness and longer, freeform improvised pieces of music, you know well I mean um you know frequently rehearsingthrough the night jamming over the same riff for extended periods of time.
3466.txt: Some newspapers romantically linked McPherson with her radio engineer, um okay um you know so and rumors developed Ormiston vanished at the same time as McPherson; and had run off together.
3830.txt: The Shah left Iran for exile on January 16, you know like I mean okay so 1979 as the last Persian monarch and in the resulting okay okay well I mean I mean power vacuum two weeks later Ayatollah Khomeini returned to Tehran to a greeting by several million Iranians.
4564.txt: They are famous in humour And satirist poetry so well you know you know well and articles. The Name of the father is, Dr. Avadhesh kumar verma and mother Smt.
2637.txt: Marc Rotenberg, President of the Electronic Privacy Information uh well uh um like Center, called the feature 'troubling;' however, the new feature is enabled by default but can be disabled.
475.txt: At Derby, he spent a bit more than one season um you know like I mean uh a half helping to keep the club in the uh um okay like um Championship with a series of virtuoso performances, also giving many autographs to fans.
4680.txt: Thomas West, 8th Baron De La Warr and 5th okay I mean okay I mean like Baron West KB KG (c. 1457 -- 10 October 1525) well so okay I mean uh was the oldest son of Richard West, 7th Baron De um okay you know like well La Warr and 4th Baron of West and Lady Catherine Hungerford.
1305.txt: He became a prominent member of the Krio community you know um well well like however by the time of his death he had been forgotten.
673.txt: By the end of the 19th century gold miners were trickling like um I mean um like in on rumours of gold, driving a population increase so uh I mean uh you know justifying the setting up of a police force, just like okay okay like okay in time for the start of the Klondike Gold Rush in 1897.
3036.txt: Participated in 'Liberation of Western Ukraine' and fighting at Ostrogozhsk, Rossosh, Kharkov, Orel and other operations and actions.
641.txt: Bruce Craig Scott (born 20 October 1943), Australian politician, okay like you know um like has been a National Party member of the Australian so so I mean well so House of Representatives since March 1990, representing the Division of Maranoa, Queensland.
2492.txt: Lalith J. Rao (some also spell as Lalit) is the eminent torchbearer of the Agra Gharana.
1604.txt: Her work is exhibited by Galerie 1900 - 2000 well uh you know I mean so in Paris and Senior & Shopmaker Gallery in New York and currently lives and works in Paris.
3758.txt: The Law School also maintains a Master of Laws (LL. M.) program um you know I mean uh you know with concentrations in corporate finance law, tax law, and labor and employment law.
3990.txt: The crests may also be positioned in a key item called uh like you know you know like Solomon's Key; positioning the crests correctly will unlock new spells for each crest for a certain region.
1522.txt: He was an elder of the United Presbyterian Church okay like uh so um of Scotland and his deep religious convictions informed his um you know I mean uh okay work, there is a strong suggestion that he closely identified Solomon's temple with the plan of the Greek basilica.
4988.txt: Yves - Marie Adeline Soret de Boisbrunet (born uh okay uh uh um March 24, 1960 in Poitiers, France) better known as okay you know okay you know okay Yves - Marie Adeline, was the founder and leader of the French political party, Alliance Royale.
4920.txt: White JG, Matlack C, Mundschenk D and Rao GHR.
2874.txt: On 12 June 1808, while Lasalle was on his way to well like you know okay you know Valladolid, in the village of Cabezón, he met a okay well I mean um so resistance of about 7, 000 men under General Cuesta, like you know well uh okay deployed along the Cabezón bridge to bar the road to Burgos against oncoming French divisions.
166.txt: According to the World Bank, Russia has experienced a period um like okay I mean you know of strong economic growth during the 2000s, however, by like well you know so so 2012, growth slowed down dramatically as reforms have come along at a slower pace.
983.txt: Educated at the Erasmus - Grasser - Gymnasium in well you know okay like like Sendling - Westpark, Munich, he was called up to uh okay like I mean you know the Imperial German Army in 1915, and trained in field artillery at the airfield in Augsburg.
2340.txt: James Alan McPherson (born September 16, 1943 in I mean um uh well uh Savannah, Georgia) is a United States novelist and short story uh I mean uh um um writer and a recipient of the Guggenheim Fellowship in 1973.
2326.txt: Its staff went through many changes during those years, with I mean so okay I mean I mean Dunn leaving in early 1977 and McNeil quitting shortly afterwards.
4623.txt: This covered an area of 3. 9 million square uh okay uh like uh kilometres (1. 5 million sq mi), over one - third um well so like okay the area of Canada nd the changing attitudes that the company had toward them.
2043.txt: In looking to make a follow up to '7 I mean I mean so so um Days in Hell,' Samberg and his crew uh so okay um um looked for a sport that could be displayed cheaply while also having comic potential.
3667.txt: The Chilean jack mackerel, 'Trachurus murphyi', is a species okay well okay okay like of jack mackerel in the 'Trachurus' genus of the Carangidae family.
921.txt: Durg railway station, located in the Indian state of like so okay okay uh Chhattisgarh, serves Durg, Bhilai and the adjoining areas in Durg district.
4951.txt: With the construction of the Turnpike in the mid- I mean so like um um 1950s most of the surrounding water was filled in, uh like well like um so that today only the southern tip of City Point is bordered by water.
469.txt: At 11: 58 p. M. PDT on October 1, the uh so well you know okay Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department stated that one suspect, I mean well I mean you know so a Nevada resident, was 'down', and later stated that no other shooters were believed to be involved.
4507.txt: There are many types, all with different properties that make well okay um so so them advantageous for different applications when bound to a subunit that can chelate or bind a metal ion.
3137.txt: Rachel Zoe Rosenzweig (born September 1, 1971) better known so uh uh well okay as Rachel Zoe, is an American fashion stylist you know um um um uh best known for working with celebrities, fashion houses, beauty firms, advertising agencies, and magazine editors.
1587.txt: Heptyl acetate (C 9 H 18 O 2), I mean so well okay well also known as heptanyl acetate and acetate C - okay um I mean uh like 7, is a colorless alcohol - soluble liquid used as uh okay so uh like a fruit essence flavoring in foods and as a scent in perfumes.
2399.txt: José Arturo Rivas Mortera (born October 18, 1984 in okay well okay I mean uh Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz) is a Mexican footballer who currently plays centre back for UANL Tigres in the 'Primera División de México'.
4025.txt: The exhaust gases could not be allowed to you know you know um you know um cool below a certain temperature, as there was a you know so I mean um like risk of the sulphur and nitrogen oxides in the flue like you know I mean I mean so gases condensing and forming acids which could have damaged the ID Fans.
3958.txt: The closing years of his life were largely devoted to charity and he died at Maida Hill, London.
2478.txt: Kramer was the first company that Eddie officially like um okay um okay endorsed, beginning in 1983 when Kramer built a Frankenstrat replica for him.
3236.txt: SKH - SDP received 31. 56 % of votes well uh okay okay so cast, followed by HDZ at 28. 32 %, independent candidates like so you know um you know received 13. 26 % and KNS won 10. 95 % of the vote.
1700.txt: However, all perissodactyls, extinct and extant, have a mesaxonic foot so uh um so you know structure on the rear feet: the symmetry of the foot well uh so okay um passes through the third digit, which holds the animal's weight.
4530.txt: There on the Bhirr they found some old coins with the I mean uh well uh uh Greek word 'Bazileous' stamped on it and conjectured that you know um uh like you know these were the coins left behind by the Greeks.
464.txt: As well and NV centres and molecules, quantum dots (QDs) so well well like so can emit single photons and can be constructed from the same semiconductor materials as the light - confining structures.
772.txt: Clogging, a descendant of folk dances such as Jigging uh so so well so is thought to be the partial originator of traditional, okay um like um like popping, and locking are some of the most popular um like uh okay like street dance styles in Western and African American culture.
1854.txt: In 1991, she was invited to design fabric prints based okay you know you know okay like on her ceramics for a festival in Seville Expo in I mean well you know I mean I mean 1992, at the Venice Biennale in 1993, and at the South African Bienniale in 1995.
2476.txt: Kosli Railway Station is on the Rewari - you know well uh uh like Bhiwani railway lineie 30 km from rewari also doubling uh I mean like you know like of railway track is in progress at fast I mean so like you know like pace n there after electrification of entire section is planned very soon.
2215.txt: It is expected that the Lord Speaker will assume most of um okay well I mean I mean the duties of the Lord Chancellor that relate to you know like you know uh I mean his Parliamentary role, although the Lord Chancellor will continue um okay um you know okay to be the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal.
3481.txt: South Korean teenager Yong Kim is about to I mean like I mean like so be naturalized with the rest of his family, but so I mean I mean like well he has started to hang out with a I mean well so uh like bad crowd and ultimately participates in a convenience store robbery to 'pop his cherry' with his gang.
4869.txt: When Andy Griffith decided to leave his series, most of the so you know okay so uh supporting characters returned for the new program, which ran I mean you know like you know um for three seasons (78 color episodes) on the CBS network from 1968 - 1971.
1671.txt: Hlengani Foster Baloyi is the third born son of uh so uh so um Risenga Evans Baloyi and Jayela Mphephu Chauke he started school at Tivanani Primary school.
1207.txt: Giacomo Meyerbeer, (born Jacob Liebmann Beer) (5 September um well so so like 1791 -- 2 May 1864) was a German opera composer, okay um well like well who with his 1831 opera 'Robert le diable' and its successors gave the genre of grand opera 'decisive character'.
1588.txt: Her Federal trial began in 1996, and in September well I mean you know um I mean 1996 she was convicted of federal charges of tax evasion and sentenced to 37 months in prison.
694.txt: Cape Coast Castle is one of a number of I mean like I mean well uh 'slave castles', fortifications in Ghana built by Swedish traders, originally for okay you know uh like um trade in timber and gold, later used in the trans - Atlantic slave trade.
4107.txt: The group decided to continue as a trio for uh so so like you know recording with Tony Banks on keyboards and you know so I mean uh um Mike Rutherford playing the guitar and bass guitar in the uh okay you know well I mean studio, although the line - up was regularly augmented by Chester Thompson and American guitarist Daryl Stuermer for concert tours.
158.txt: According to its Terms of Service, Google Health is not um uh you know like well considered a 'covered entity' under the Health Insurance Portability and well well I mean okay uh Accountability Act of 1996; thus, HIPAA privacy laws do not apply to it.
1559.txt: He was suspended by the Irish Medical Council in you know like uh so uh 1999 pending their investigations, and then struck off the Register of Medical Practitioners in 2003.
2932.txt: On September 21, 2013 VoteRiders hosted its first Voter ID Clinic well I mean okay you know well in Houston and was active in the 2017 Senate special election in Alabama.
1183.txt: Garkha is the Himalayan fertile and lush green mountain I mean like uh I mean so country in front of Askot region of Uttaranchal state of uh so you know well so India in the Pithoragarh district means herd of cows. Well linked with roads with Ogla at it's entry point.
2101.txt: In the past, the New Orleans Saints had used well well um um uh the facilities for their summer practice and the university would uh uh okay so you know be interested in attracting another NFL team to the campus.
4947.txt: With no engine thrust, the plane lost height and so okay I mean um okay it plunged into the small village of Cove okay like uh well I mean Neck on northern Long Island, in Oyster Bay; from the airport.
180.txt: Administratively, the mountain's slopes and summit are shared uh you know I mean I mean I mean between the municipalities of Gündlischwand, Gsteigwiler and Bönigen, all of which are in the canton of Bern.
1646.txt: His jobs in his teenage years included being uh so um okay um an ice - cream salesman and a night - club bouncer well okay well uh I mean and combined self - tuition via visits to the local library in Levenshulme.
1195.txt: George Frederick Laurence Hyde Villiers, 7th Earl of Clarendon (2 February so um uh I mean okay 1933 - 4 July 2009) was the son of George uh well so I mean okay Herbert Arthur Hyde Villiers, Lord Hyde (1906 - 1935) and Hon. Marion Feodorovna Louise Glyn (1900 - 1970).
1284.txt: Having settled in the region west of the Black Sea in I mean so so like I mean the 3rd century AD, the Goths soon split into two divisions, the Ostrogoths (East Goths) and the Visigoths (West Goths).
1337.txt: He edited and introduced the Everyman's Library reedition of Hobbes okay like I mean so okay 'Leviathan' and was a columnist for 'The Times' and 'The you know uh okay I mean okay Times Higher Education Supplement', and contributed to 'The New Criterion' and 'Daily Mail'.
4018.txt: The episode 'I Was Accused' was based on the true like I mean you know well well experience of actor George Voskovec, who was kept interned at Ellis I mean you know like um like Island during the day's of Robert E. Sherwood Award by a committee that included Eleanor Roosevelt.
1429.txt: He left the United States in 1913 and headed to Belgium, so like well well um where he established the 'Armes Automatique Lewis' company in Liège to facilitate commercial production of the gun.
4796.txt: Unlike most block ciphers, MARS has a heterogeneous structure: you know um like well okay several rounds of a cryptographic core are 'jacketed' by unkeyed mixing rounds.
801.txt: Corrour Bothy is a simple stone building with a single um you know okay okay okay room and a chimney and likely built to house Deer Watchers.
1917.txt: In 2014 and 2015, it was one of the okay well okay I mean okay qualifying events for The Open Championship; the leading three players you know so well you know like who had not already qualified and who finished in the top ten qualified.
2579.txt: Lovett died in Locust Valley, New York, on well so okay okay I mean May 7, 1986, having been preceded by wife, Adele died on January 4, 1986.
3048.txt: Paul S. Otellini born and raised in San um um uh well okay Francisco, California, United States, his family is of Italian origin.
1248.txt: Gunn is hired to act as a body double for so okay I mean um like a prince, pity they don't realise he's a djinn.
2198.txt: It is a common inhabitant of sheltered wetlands I mean uh you know so um with some taller vegetation, such as taiga bogs in you know I mean well so okay the breeding season, and usually feeds by dabbling for plant food or grazing.
670.txt: By that time the Yavana (Indo - Greeks) who uh I mean um like like were in possession of Mathura were advancing towards Pataliputra uh I mean you know okay I mean but getting the news of the triumph of you know like I mean you know okay Kharavela at Rajagriha the Yavana king had to retreat to Mathura.
1372.txt: He has researched and studied artists who came okay okay like you know well to catalog what existed in Brazil at like okay okay so I mean the time of the conquest, including Maximilian Wied - uh uh okay you know I mean Neuwied, invited by Don Pedro II to classify Brazil's plant and animal species and the native peoples.
1546.txt: He was mentored by Mr. Rose, then executive VP you know I mean uh okay um of sales, Rose retired from his position in the company in 1995.
4945.txt: With few appearances in his first Peterborough season, Howe so um well okay so went out on loan at Rochdale, until the end of the season.
1736.txt: Hungarian Sea Scout Paul Ferenc Sujan and American Maurice you know well I mean um I mean Tripp also attended, and all three men would more than well well um you know uh 20 years later play a key role in helping I mean like you know okay uh Bánáthy build a leadership program for youth in the United States.
1727.txt: However, they have a very weak defense and any so you know okay you know um unit that manages to get close to them can take like um you know you know you know them out very easily, the units that they are the best doing this job are the Fast units.
2920.txt: On March 14 2007, he started his third stint I mean I mean I mean so well as a coach at Arminia Bielefeld, he was fired by club management on December 10, 2007.
102.txt: A particular concern is the treatment of Muslim women, who um uh okay so like may be pressured into wearing veils, leaving school, and marrying early.
1308.txt: He became notable in 1999 for being one of two councillors um I mean okay um like to opt out of retroactive salary increases that council had well well like like like implemented, saying the raises'... Should be for the next council you know so okay um like term which would give the electorate time to pass comment on councillors' remuneration.
1460.txt: He previously served as president of the church's Brazil São so well like like so Paulo South Mission (2011 to 2014) and as Academic Vice President of Brigham Young University (BYU).
2382.txt: John Miller (October 29, 1843 -- October 26, 1908) served as the first Governor of North Dakota from 1889 to 1891.
3684.txt: The Cunoniaceae is a family of 26 genera like you know you know so uh and about 350 species of woody plants so well I mean um uh in the Antarctic flora, native to Australia, New Caledonia, New Guinea, New Zealand, southern South America, the Mascarene Islands and southern Africa.
994.txt: Elections to the Swiss Federal Assembly, the federal parliament like I mean you know um um of Switzerland, were held on Saturday, October 20, 2007; I mean so I mean well um the second round of the elections to the uh um well I mean I mean Council of States will be held on 11 November, 18 November and 25 November 2007.
249.txt: After the 1830 General Election ended Tory domination, Littleton took up okay you know like so uh the campaign against the truck system, by which employees were well well well well uh forced to accept payment or advances in kind, often becoming effectively enslaved to the company store.
910.txt: Dragon designs in the Song period often reveal um I mean um well okay an almost humorous rendition; the dragons often seem to smile.
3264.txt: Scam believes he bought the watch from Obie's muggers, Johnnie Red uh um well so okay denies it at first, but later he tells them um so like like I mean he did have it but gave it to a man named Keegan (Robert Prosky), a slick pawn shop owner.
2221.txt: It is located around one mile north of Abbots Langley (where, at the 2011 Census the population was included).
2027.txt: In her youth, Fitzgerald wanted to be a dancer, although well I mean I mean I mean uh she loved listening to jazz recordings by Louis Armstrong, Bing Crosby, and the Boswell Sisters.
3178.txt: Rfa 501 attacked by itself again on 16 February, uh like okay like um four aircraft reached England, one carrying a bomb which, aimed so well like uh um at Victoria station, fell half a mile away on the Royal Hospital, Chelsea.
796.txt: Cook was born in Louisiana in 1928, and received uh okay uh so I mean two Bachelor's degrees in mathematics and petroleum engineering respectively from Louisiana State University in 1950 and 1955.
4627.txt: This has been a major selective pressure acting over terrestrial okay so so I mean I mean plants And nowadays, it is one of the major threatening for agriculture and forestry even in temperate zones.
4359.txt: The series is created by Catharina Ledeboer, produced by Viacom International, and executive produced by Tatiana Rodriguez.
900.txt: Dr Fareed Uddin Baqai and his wife Dr Zahida Baqai um I mean like um uh were medical practitioners and surgeons who had been educated in uh so um you know um Pakistan and the United Kingdom and began to practice in Karachi, which at that time was the capital.
877.txt: Distributed by Millones Records, the first mixtape in the series uh like I mean I mean uh 'Real G4 Life' was released on January 5, 2011.
1664.txt: His successor Les Sutton failed to win a single League I mean you know okay okay um game; although the club won the Manchester Premier Cup, he was sacked at the end of the season.
163.txt: According to the Korea Joongang Daily in 2013, it okay so okay uh I mean is ranked 8 th overall in South Korea, 7 th so so like so okay in reputation, 7 th in papers published on SCI well I mean uh so so journals, and 4 th in outbound exchange students ratio (5. 1 %).
2647.txt: Marohl was on the (MLL) Baltimore Bayhawks roster well um okay you know so in 2006 where he tallied 3 goals and 5 okay uh well like you know assists in 8 games and was also listed on the 2007 Washington Bayhawks roster.
949.txt: During the course of this translation, the outlines gradually became I mean um uh well like apparent for a community of believers, with authority from God, ordinances such as baptism, and ordained clergy.
3018.txt: Pacifica State Beach is one of the most popular so um um like uh beginner surfing spots in the San Francisco well okay like so okay area, among surfers is frequently known as Linda Mar Beach, because it fronts Pacifica's Linda Mar subdivision.
1739.txt: Hwang appeared as one of the recurring guests for uh you know like like I mean a variety show program, 'Love Letter', from 2004 I mean like you know okay okay to 2006, before she officially started her acting career with drama 'The Person I Love' in 2007.
1592.txt: Her father died when she was only two okay you know like so well months old, forcing her mother to move to California like I mean so uh like to find work, where Evans' mother took a job as a maid at First National Studios.
2873.txt: On 11 May, Colin discharged himself from hospital, Jason I mean you know so I mean so and Julie looked after him at Eileen's, who vowed never to you know like um okay I mean speak to her father again and didn't want him so okay like you know okay in the house but relented due to his frail state.
3424.txt: Since its cityhood in 1998, the city's economy is I mean uh you know you know like dependent on agriculture and fishing however, a growing industry you know so like so well in machinery and tourism has contributed well to the city's I mean uh you know well um annual income making it one of the fastest growing new cities in the last 10 years.
858.txt: Despite interest from Portugal, Dier opted to represent okay like I mean like I mean England in international football, and in November 2015, made his debut for the senior team.
3785.txt: The Monument is thought to be the first of its okay well I mean um so kind in Europe, it is located in the Peace Village of Mesen, Belgium.
2770.txt: Mumtaz married Mayur Madhvani on 29 May 1974; they have two daughters, Natasha and Tanya.
2547.txt: Like Li's previous film, 'Blind Shaft', which dealt with the notoriously like okay like you know I mean dangerous mining industry, 'Blind Mountain' turns a sharply critical eye um well um I mean I mean towards another one of China's continuing social problems, this time the illegal sex slave trade.
1447.txt: He moved to Zanesville, Ohio, in 1805 after Pres. Thomas Jefferson I mean uh um you know you know appointed him receiver of the land office at Zanesville, and so okay so uh so served from 1805 to December 1826 when he resigned in favor of his son Bernard.
645.txt: Built in 1888, the 'Sea Wing' was long, okay well well uh um a beam amidship and a height of to her pilot house.
4626.txt: This engine was based on the M50TU out of the okay um like um you know 325 but was bored out to yield greater displacement and okay I mean I mean well um utilized the same cylinder head but with more aggressive cams and valvetrain.
1297.txt: He asks Tom Lawlor to hit him who at first declines to do so.
4709.txt: To achieve this, Turkish Philanthropy Funds work with donors to uh you know okay um okay understand the philanthropic goals and develop smart social investments and screen um uh um okay like nonprofits and the support the most effective programs to maximize the impact of giving.
4165.txt: The magazine was founded in Australia by Geoff Hill in approximately 1984, relocating to the United Kingdom ca.
4899.txt: While Faith No More's music is generally labeled as so you know okay um like alternative metal, experimental rock, and, as Faith No Man, their sound was described as post-punk.
1579.txt: Hector's Ichthyosaur, or the New Zealand Ichthyosaur is an unidentified, okay like okay um like extinct genus of ichthyosaur discovered in 1874 which remains so you know you know you know so have been lost, it may be the largest animal ever to have existed.
2521.txt: Leanne's latest client turns out to be Liam's brother, Paul (Sean Gallagher), okay um so like well and he threatens to tell Liam that she is okay um well like so an escort but keeps quiet after Leanne threatens to tell his wife, Carla (Alison King), about his activities.
4671.txt: This year, Allen received a nomination for the NAACP okay I mean uh you know um Image Award for Best Jazz Album in 2011 'Geri so okay so well um Allen & Timeline Live', she was also nominated for The 10th uh like you know so um Annual Independent Music Awards under the Live Performance Album, category.
2047.txt: In one sense, the Fundamental Orders were replaced okay you know like um um by a Royal Charter in 1662, but the major outline so well I mean well well of the charter was written in Connecticut and embodied the Orders' rights and mechanics.
2211.txt: It is developed into three phases and lies near Fruit Market and has many IT companies coming Up.
1486.txt: He served as Deputy Minister of Education of Myanmar well well so like you know from 1994 to 1999 under of Dictator Than Shwe's Cabinet, I mean you know okay well like and served as chairman of the Union Civil Service Selection and Training Board from 1999 to 2009.
1423.txt: He joined the army to further his education in his chosen field, and became the Joe team's communications expert.
3033.txt: Parsons Horological Institute (originally, La Porte School for Watchmakers; also known as like you know like okay well Parsons Horological School) was an American horological school in so well like I mean uh La Porte, Indiana, which was moved to Peoria, Illinois where it because a department of Bradley University.
4736.txt: Tomáš Galásek (born 15 January 1973 in Frýdek - Místek) so you know uh uh you know is a former Czech football player, he is a Holding uh I mean um you know I mean midfielder who is also strong as a centre back, who played for FSV Erlangen - Bruck.
3892.txt: The address of the motel is in Rialto, but the motel is itself completely located inside San Bernardino.
1891.txt: In 2006, he appeared in the BBC singing competition okay well uh like um Just the Two of Us, his singing partner was former Atomic Kitten singer Natasha Hamilton.
4284.txt: The political power gradually shifted to the civil okay you know you know I mean uh officials, while that of the nobility and military establishment you know uh well like uh waned, even though they had been important members of the ruling elite during the Hongwu and Yongle reigns.
2887.txt: On 27 November 2013, in a 0 − I mean you know I mean well um 2 loss at C. D. Aves, he was sent so um well like so off in the 71st minute for fouling Pedro Pereira, well okay well um uh being again redcarded in a goalless draw against S. C. Covilhã the following month.
960.txt: During the summer vacation, he frequented J's bar with his friend 'Rat' and spent much time drinking beer obsessively.
3005.txt: Over 57 % of historic vessels recorded on you know so so well uh the NRHV are either privately owned or commercially operated, okay I mean I mean so okay with museums and charitable trusts accounting for 14 % of the total.
4835.txt: Vidal taught aeronautics at West Point and was I mean I mean you know you know you know one of the first Army Air Corps pilots, being later one of the pioneers in the commercial aviation industry.
1702.txt: However, as he sat in prison awaiting trail and the prosecutors you know uh like I mean you know were building their case, a number of key witnesses turned okay um like you know um up dead and due to the lack of evidence provided by Russian authorities, a conviction was not possible.
2398.txt: Joshua Malik 'Josh' Childress (born June 20, 1983) is you know well I mean I mean okay an American professional basketball player who last played for the New Orleans Pelicans of the NBA.
2011.txt: In chess, the Grünfeld, exchange variation chess opening occurs um okay like um uh after 1. D4 Nf6 2. C4 g6 3. Nc3 d5 4. Cxd5 Nxd5.
4781.txt: Unable to speak from his mortal wound and with his so okay well you know well right hand useless from the paralysis, Avery with his left like uh so I mean you know hand scribbled a simple note for Tate: ' Major, tell my father I died with my face to the enemy.
3017.txt: PSR J1614 -- 2230 spins on its axis roughly like like you know so uh 317 times per second, corresponding to a period like uh so okay well of 3. 15 milliseconds, and like all pulsars, emits radiation in a beam, much like a lighthouse.
728.txt: Chaplin finally re-hired Cherrill to finish 'City Lights' and Cherrill I mean uh like okay well demanded and got a raise to $ 75 per week.
2690.txt: Meriden, An Anglican School for Girls is an independent, Anglican, you know uh you know you know well day school for girls, in Strathfield, an inner - western suburb of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
3909.txt: The author of the play was Daisy Wuletich, Gary okay like um I mean um - born, who had visited Bishop Varnava when well okay uh okay I mean he was living in Serbia drew upon her personal letters well so so like uh of the Bishop, from an account of the trial, and her personal observations.
886.txt: Dodmen are the human - shaped geoglyphs of so I mean like I mean I mean Britain, some believe were designed in the likeness of their you know well I mean I mean so purported creators - the surveyors and astronomers of the pre-druidic British Isles.
2444.txt: Keynes believed that the last two of his equations like uh like okay okay could be solved in isolation, and was mistaken because so um I mean okay uh he had failed to take account of the conversion factor needed between real terms and wage units.
2891.txt: On 30 March 1973 he collapsed in his okay so okay I mean like hotel room in Plymouth and spent four days uh I mean okay I mean um in hospital in hospital but he was discharged like um you know I mean I mean after recovering but died on 6 June 1973 from an so you know um well uh accidental overdose of sleeping pills, on the day of his mother's funeral.
4022.txt: The estate of Bulmershe Court once belonged to the okay like you know um I mean Abbey of Reading in the C18th it became the home of Henry Addington, Viscount Sidmouth, Prime Minister.
1633.txt: His father was Nasser Hejazi and his mother, Behnaz married with Nasser in 1973.
2194.txt: It includes such fields as womens studies and lesbian and gay studies, although some scholars in those fields reject this term.
2718.txt: Miranda was born in Aguada, Puerto Rico and grew up you know you know like well so in New York City on East 13th Street in Manhattan's East Village.
1330.txt: He developed wheels named 'Bones' because of the color like okay so uh so of his first urethane wheels: while Powell was okay um uh I mean um making them in his kitchen, someone mentioned they had a color like a human bone.
4605.txt: This 'injury' allowed Beyer to leave the Minneapolis um I mean like um um area to join a wrestling tour in Japan and have another I mean um so I mean so outstanding feud with Mil Máscaras which resulted in a series of seven matches.
1513.txt: He was a founder of Norway's foremost architecture gallery, well well um like I mean Galleri Rom in 1986 and apart from being a member of well like like uh okay the Norwegian Architectural Association (NAL), he has also served on their Design Competition Committee.
4304.txt: The proof of the upward part of the theorem okay okay you know you know you know also shows that a theory with arbitrarily large finite so so um like you know models must have an infinite model; sometimes this is considered to be part of the theorem.
4425.txt: The term Branhamism is an exonym used to refer okay so so uh well to the teachings of Rev. Branham; however, this term okay um okay I mean okay is disliked by believers as Rev. Branham strongly denounced organized religion and categorization.
3056.txt: Per Bill (1958 --) is a Swedish politician of the Moderate Party, member of the Riksdag since 1994.
4183.txt: The mausoleum was most recently restored in 1999 - 2003, as part uh uh I mean I mean you know of the Azerbaijan Cultural Heritage Support Project of the World I mean you know um well well Bank, and also depicted on the obverse of the Azerbaijani 50, 000 manat banknote of 1996 - 2006.
405.txt: Arriving in Bad Wiessee around 6 - 7h you know I mean you know so so when the SA, still in bed, were taken by surprise, uh well um um okay the SS stormed the hotel and Hitler personally placed you know I mean you know I mean okay Röhm and other high - ranking SA leaders under arrest.
1017.txt: Established in 1921 in Mandello del Lario, Italy, the so you know you know well so company is noted for its historic role in Italy's like um so I mean like motorcycling manufacture, its prominence worldwide in motorcycle racing, okay uh um um like and industry innovations -- including the first motorcycle center stand, wind tunnel and eight - cylinder engine.
575.txt: Bhatt is best known for his Grammy award winning um uh so so okay album 'A Meeting by the River' with Ry Cooder, well well okay well you know as well as other fusion and pan-cultural collaborations with like uh I mean um uh Western artists such asTaj Mahal, Béla Fleck and Jerry Douglas.
2289.txt: It was first published on 1 March 1870 um okay like like uh as an eight - page monthly, composed of scriptural interpretations, exhortations to piety, and news on church affairs.
707.txt: Carter Ferguson is a Scottish based fight director and actor, uh so uh you know um with over 500 professional credits including 140 episodes of okay uh well so um the Scottish soap opera 'River City' in which he appeared as Harry Black.
3416.txt: Since 2004 he has lived in Argyll and Bute, in Helensburgh with his wife and two daughters.
3333.txt: She described Montreal as 'not a city that revolves around well well you know uh you know acting, so you stay very grounded here' to 'Hour' magazine, you know I mean well um you know and includes reading, writing, going to art galleries, and experiencing music as her leisure activities.
4055.txt: The final model was the top of this sector, the um so I mean I mean okay Canon FT QL, which was developed to combat the growing um you know well you know uh popularity of the Pentax Spotmatic variants as well as the Topcon RE SLRs.
2602.txt: Mahmud fought in the 1973 October War against Israel and led forces against Israeli troops invading Lebanon in 1982.
3411.txt: Since 1970 Oxford has annexed large amounts of land to the so you know okay you know like south Dante's Inferno making the ruler of Dante's Inferno, so so um um um Dante to become increasingly angry prompting him to cry and boycott Oxford businesses.
509.txt: Auguste Le Duc started on a bridge between the two islands, which was quickly swept away by the forces of nature.
887.txt: Dogs get ample correct nutrition from their natural, like well uh so you know normal diet; wild and feral dogs can usually get all um uh I mean like you know the nutrients needed from a diet of whole prey and raw meat.
3141.txt: Rahman K. M. M. , Khan M. M I mean well um so um. H & Rakhimov I. I. (2015) They sometimes feed on dead animals.
811.txt: Croatia soon became labelled as favourites for the tournament, but well well um I mean I mean suffered an exit in the quarter - finals against um okay uh um you know Turkey, and he admitted that the defeat would haunt I mean okay um I mean um him and his squad for the rest of their lives.
3738.txt: The Independent Safeguarding Authority (ISA) is a non-departmental public well you know you know uh like body created by the UK Government in response to okay I mean well well I mean the inquiry headed by Sir Michael Bichard that was okay like okay so well set up in the wake of the Soham Murders.
4665.txt: This was Georgia's first year in the Southern Intercollegiate um okay I mean okay I mean Athletic Association, a conference that it founded along with Alabama, Auburn, Georgia Tech, North Carolina and Vanderbilt.
3478.txt: Sophia Hinerangi, sometimes known as Te Paea, took over as um like so like I mean principal guide from the older Kate Middlemass in the early like um uh you know you know 1880s, she became recognised as the principal tourist guide of the Pink and White Terraces.
4800.txt: Unlike traditional virtual machines, a Docker container does okay um okay I mean like not include a separate operating system, instead it I mean uh uh okay um relies on the operating system's functionality provided by the underlying infrastructure.
3557.txt: Talbot's father's, Serge, is a construction worker; his mother Lucie is a high school teacher.
2126.txt: Indeed, the country, as well as most countries in the so okay you know like so Americas, subscribes to the 'Jus soli' principle, that is, anyone born in the country acquires, unequivocally, Salvadorian citizenship.
4052.txt: The film was declared a hit at the box office banking you know you know uh uh you know on songs and Tabu. Was dubbed into Tamil with the same title.
1380.txt: He holds the title of 'World's Fastest Violinist', has well like you know like uh multiple albums distributed globally by Ambition Entertainment, and tours I mean I mean um I mean um throughout Australia and the globe with his own show 'Beyond the Danube'.
551.txt: Being a reserve officer, Bagradian becomes suspicious when he is okay you know um uh so not called up; learning that Turkish authorities have seized the well so okay you know you know internal passports of Armenian citizens further fuels his suspicions.
3851.txt: The Terminal frame alignment pattern is carried in odd uh uh well like um - numbered frames, inside the super frame, and consists like so um so you know of alternating 1s and 0s: 1 -- 0 -- 1 -- 0 -- 1 -- 0.
1354.txt: He had been working in a call centre in Delhi okay you know so uh you know for 18 months after which he went to well I mean you know like like Mumbai in 2009 with a dream to be an actor.
4510.txt: There are several temples, mosques and churches, as well as colleges, schools and other institutes.
2583.txt: Lunardi flew in a hydrogen balloon from the area well well like I mean I mean of the Honourable Artillery Company near Moorfields, first landing at well okay uh well like North Mimms and then continued his flight to land at Long Mead, Hertfordshire after flying 24 miles.
703.txt: Carlton House, London and the Royal Naval College, Greenwich, you know uh so um okay whilst shortly after her death a large quantity was used in the refurbishment of Buckingham Palace.
2455.txt: Kilpatrick was elected minority floor leader for the Michigan Democratic okay so okay okay like party, serving in that position 1998 to 2000, and okay well I mean uh okay subsequently house minority leader in 2001, the first African American to hold that position.
4741.txt: Torquay is a seaside town in Devon, England, part of the unitary authority area of Torbay.
1202.txt: German submarine 'U- 15' was a Type IIB like I mean um uh you know U-boat of the German 'Kriegsmarine', commissioned on March 7, well um you know well like 1936 following construction at the Deutsche Werke shipyards at Kiel.
4806.txt: Upon his recommendation he was released and hired by the uh okay uh well um Hamburg Opera where in two years he was to gain enough experience to be hired by Wiesbaden.
571.txt: Between 15 May 2003 and 10 April 2013, the Red you know I mean okay um uh Sox sold out every home game (794 regular season so um I mean so you know games, 820 including post-season gagems); in 2008, the park sold I mean so you know I mean um out its 456th consecutive Red Sox game, breaking a Major League Baseball record.
4524.txt: There is an established population of redback spiders in Osaka, um like you know uh I mean Japan, thought to have arrived in cargoes of wood chips.
1508.txt: He tried to meet her, but it was forbidden because um uh well so so she was a grave murderer, and he was eventually allowed to meet her on September 27, 2005.
1215.txt: Glenfield has its own village newspaper, The Glenfield Gazette, like I mean like I mean uh and the parish council own several areas of recreational land, including Ellis Park, Station Park and the Playing Fields.
2173.txt: It comprises 17 acres along the Chelsea River and um so so so I mean Mill Creek with around 400 artists lofts with retail and creative commercial space.
1378.txt: He has won 48 events on the Japan okay well okay okay like Golf Tour, where he was the leading money winner in 1982, 1983, 1985 and 1986.
2695.txt: Mexico did not recognize British possession of the territory until the okay I mean okay you know okay late nineteenth century, and the Mexican government's desire to I mean so um um you know end arms and ammunition smuggling from Belize Mayan supplied by rebels during the Caste War, prolonged the situation.
1455.txt: He played Larry in the western / drama 'Hard Country' (1981) like okay well like you know with Jan - Michael Vincent and Kim Basinger; then played Deputy Dodd in the slasher / horror film' (1985).
593.txt: Bob Layton is an American comic book artist, who I mean well um like so has worked for Marvel Comics, Valiant Comics, DC Comics, Future Comics, amongst other smaller publications.
1241.txt: Greaves Cotton Ltd. Is an engineering company located and okay you know well well um registered in India that manufactures engines and heavy equipment, with so you know like well so shares traded on the National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) and the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
339.txt: Amanda Rosenberg is a Google Product Marketing Manager uh you know um okay uh credited with coining the speech recognition phrase 'O. K. , Glass'.
1765.txt: Immobiliare's largest share holder was the Vatican with you know well well like uh a 15 % of the shares however most of its um well you know so you know holdings in the company were sold in the late 60s to Gulf Western.
447.txt: As noted above, the present - day medical study so you know like like so of gender variance is much broader than Benjamin's early description, and well so uh okay so use of this term has been criticized for delegitimizing gender - variant people with different experiences.
1651.txt: His mother ran a bail bonds business out of okay well uh you know uh Denver, Colorado it was then that at the age of fourteen Tim made his first civilian arrest.
1203.txt: Germany has continued to rule this out, but he has won a formal apology from the German government.
462.txt: As time passed, the suffix - 'ava' could have changed okay like well I mean you know into - 'uva', as the two are from the same suffix branch.
999.txt: Ellis was born in London in 1747, the son of well like well you know I mean a writing engraver, and was placed as a pupil with William Woollett.
4263.txt: The pallial line is a mark on a the I mean I mean uh so uh interior of a bivalve mollusk shell's valves where the I mean well I mean so um mantle muscles attach, which in clams with two adductor muscles usually joins the marks where the adductor muscles attach.
1532.txt: He was born in Portland, Cumberland County, Maine, the son of William Widgery Thomas and Elizabeth White (Goddard) Thomas.
2419.txt: KSAT is not tied to a particular operator of I mean um so okay you know satellites and some of the antennas communicate with multiple satellites, thus reducing costs compared to dedicated ground stations.
4387.txt: The song is a moderate up - tempo whose so I mean you know I mean like central character is a recently - married male sitting I mean okay okay um so on a bench at a shopping mall, waiting for his wife to finish shopping.
2130.txt: Indigenous Australians began to be enfranchised within Parliamentary systems okay uh uh like like of the Australian colonies during the 1850s, however I mean okay um I mean well the granting of voting rights was uneven and restricted altogether in some colonies (and later states).
3860.txt: The U. S. Kids Golf Foundation was established in well like uh so you know 2001 and the Play & Learn and Tournaments divisions fall under the Foundation's umbrella.
340.txt: American and British cooperation ended with the Atomic Energy Act you know um okay so you know of 1946, and in October 1952, Britain became the third country to test an independently developed nuclear weapon.
4440.txt: The town was important during the Anglo - Saxon era when okay okay uh like so the Blackburnshire Hundred came into existence as a territorial division of the kingdom of Northumbria.
1382.txt: He idolised words, especially in his travel books; he is an you know you know I mean okay I mean epicurean and writes with imagination about the outward appearance of our every - day life.
1720.txt: However, social learning is not essential to tool use; like well uh uh so juvenile woodpecker finches develop tool use regardless of whether they have a model to learn from.
2617.txt: Mandy was the younger sister of the band's drummer Randy um so well I mean um Ragsdale, who had died in an auto accident near College Station, so um like like you know Texas on the way to see her brother perform so so okay I mean I mean in College Station, and who's favorite color was purple.
2822.txt: Nikos Karabelas (born December 20 1984 in Pyrgos) is a I mean uh like like you know Greek football player currently playing as a left full back well like uh like so for AEK Athens F. C. In the Greek Super League.
4210.txt: The name was used in the XVI century after Ilha so you know um like you know de Vera Cruz went into disuse, for it was reckognised it well you know you know uh um was a continent, not an island anymore; and before well like like I mean um the country was administratively divided into the vice-kingdom of Brazil and that of Grão - Pará.
4667.txt: This was changed to a small firework explosion for well I mean like um you know Series 3 but the smoke returned for Series 4 and remained until the end.
4673.txt: Thomas Frederick Cheeseman (1846 -- 15 October 1923) was a so well well well um New Zealand botanist and also a naturalist who had I mean well um okay uh a wide - ranging interest in natural history, such that he even described a few species of sea slugs, marine gastropod molluscs.
3739.txt: The Inn is popular with tourists, and with fans of Australian music legends Jimmy Barnes and Slim Dusty.
2374.txt: John Brown Clark (born 22 September 1964) is a Scottish well uh you know um you know former footballer who played for Dundee United, Stoke City, okay well like I mean like Falkirk, Dunfermline Athletic, Ross County, Ayr United and Berwick Rangers.
620.txt: Both Catholic and the Orthodox clergy interpret the Ottoman era like like well like so as a repressive one that contained anti-Christian discrimination and violence, you know you know uh like um while Islam is viewed as 'foreign' challenging Albanian tradition and cohesion.
3826.txt: The SI derived unit of conductance is the siemens ( um I mean um like like also called the 'mho', because it is the reciprocal of electrical resistance, measured in ohms ).
3480.txt: Soumya Ranjan Patnaik (born 18 August 1952) is the founder and editor of Oriya daily Sambad.
4834.txt: Victor studied medicine at the Kharkov National Medical University and graduated in 1973 with diploma with honours.
3601.txt: The 2000 Kuala Lumpur al - Qaeda Summit was a meeting um like so I mean I mean of several high - level al - Qaeda members held um you know so well so in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia from January 5, 2000 to January 8, 2000.
271.txt: Again, the previous race record was broken, this time uh um okay so um by Great Wall Marathon first - timer Romualdo Sanchez Garita from Mexico.
2916.txt: On June 23, 2014 Moore drove to Grand Saline, parked his uh so okay okay so car in a Dollar General lot, poured gasoline on himself and set himself ablaze.
8.txt: 'Bellringer' was in fact a derivative of 'Hellbringer,' a nickname uh so okay you know well given to him by fellow musician Dan Massie in reference to his unquenchable thirst for debauchery and outlandish clothing.
935.txt: During law school, she was the managing editor at uh so okay so okay the' Fordham Environmental Law Journal, and first gained notice okay um well um uh as the moderator of a panel about citing electric generators in New York City under New York energy law.
3487.txt: Speer states that Hitler made harsh pronouncements against the like you know okay well you know church to his political associates and though he never officially left it, he had no attachment to it.
3893.txt: The advantages of using a static balancer are speed and price, uh I mean I mean I mean so however a static balancer can only correct in one plane, so its accuracy is limited.
401.txt: Around a month after its supposed release in 1981, 'Polybius' you know you know well you know so is said to have disappeared without a trace, leaving uh um uh well you know no evidence that such a game has ever existed.
2720.txt: Mishka (born Alexander Mishka Frith, 1974) is a reggae singer I mean I mean so you know uh from Bermuda, who released an album on Creation Records in um okay I mean uh I mean 1999, and had a hit single in the UK with 'Give You All The Love'.
1708.txt: However, he would never play any official games for the so okay you know like okay club, as all of the team's foreign player spots were I mean I mean so uh okay used up; he was quickly loaned out to you know um um like um fellow La Liga side UD Almería, but met the same fate.
1481.txt: He rose up to work in the Directorate of Plans, well I mean so you know uh a position from which he warned against becoming involved in a failed 1958 rebellion in Indonesia.
4937.txt: Winnipeg's two - point convert failed but B. C like well okay um like. 's Ian Smart fumbled the kickoff that would set up Rob Pikula's winning field goal.
2907.txt: On December 12 in an interview on CNN's 'New Day,' Himes you know like uh okay you know said that he was troubled by several actions by okay so so okay uh the president - elect, compounded with Trump's criticism of the CIA and the intelligence community.
3188.txt: Riverside is one of America's most congested cities because well like uh um okay of heavy traffic, it used to be at the top okay uh well uh well of the list, but it has gone down to number 19.
2985.txt: Originally connecting Effingham, Illinois to Cairo, Illinois, it okay so um okay okay was a heavily - traveled highway before Interstate 57, which I mean well you know okay I mean lies very close to most of Illinois 37 (indeed um you know so well like the entire route north of Pulleys Mills), supplanted it as a through route.
4732.txt: Tom Bagwell of Wyandotte, libertarian activist and former Ypsilanti well you know so you know uh Township Park Commissioner won the Libertarian Party Nomination for District 12 on May 14, 2016 in Lansing, Michigan.
2408.txt: Julie begins to question him about his family, and he okay um okay you know you know gives some details and after some research, Julie learns that I mean you know like like um Dennis is their cousin as Elsie Tanner was the sister of her grandfather, Arnley Grimshaw.
1085.txt: Following local regulatory clearance the practice of Barlow Lyde so I mean well okay uh & Gilbert in Shanghai will also be transferred to Barlow okay well so um uh Lyde & Gilbert LLP, with a separate but um you know well I mean okay affiliated partnership known as Barlow Lyde & Gilbert continuing to operate in Hong Kong.
2998.txt: Otway - Ruthven p. 38 Understandably Bathe did not okay um um I mean so choose to appear, and was deprived of his estates, um okay so like um although it seems that he was able to have a well uh uh I mean um portion of them regranted to his son John Bathe of Ardee.
3003.txt: Outside of the Philippines, many Filipino restaurants offer variants of so uh uh so okay siopao with local ingredients ranging from Spam and canned pineapple like well uh so I mean in Hawaii, to haute cuisine concoctions involving Pate d'Foie Gras and truffles.
1177.txt: Gamer. Tv is a long - running weekly television show uh uh okay so okay featuring topical video game news, previews, reviews and features.
3096.txt: Power cycling is a standard diagnostic procedure usually performed um well so well okay first when the computer freezes however, frequently power cycling a computer can cause thermal stress.
450.txt: As part of the Chickasaw tribe's arrangement with the U well I mean so okay I mean. S. Government, the park does not charge an admission fee.
617.txt: Borroni signed up in January 1917 to the 6th Bersaglieres I mean so like so like Bologna, he first saw action in Pasubio, where he fought the Austro - Hungarian forces.
237.txt: After recovery of most important works in 1815, the so so okay uh okay large collection was re-housed in the Mauritshuis and the old location was kept on as an archive.
1243.txt: Greenhill School is a co-educational day school in Addison, you know well I mean okay uh Texas, United States that was founded in 1950 by Bernard Fulton.
2708.txt: Military scholars at the time rejected Medieval tactics, instead referring I mean okay you know so like back to earlier Roman and Greek writers for their strategems.
1886.txt: In 2005, the company signed on electronic music um um okay so uh superstar deadmau5 when the company head Melleefresh discovered the artist uh so okay you know like where the two collaborated on a number of releases under the Play Records duo Freshmau5.
2599.txt: Madeleine Duncan Brown (July 5, 1925 -- June 22, 2002) was I mean like uh I mean so a Texas woman who, among other things, claimed to have I mean like okay um so been the mistress of U. S. President Lyndon Johnson for more than two decades.
350.txt: An alternative etymology was advanced by writer and scholar uh like um uh well Ioana Pârvulescu, as the combination of two contradictory terms: 'ursuz' ( 'surly' ) and 'amuz' ( 'I amuse' ).
4045.txt: The film received generally mixed to positive reviews from critics; well uh so so okay review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reported that 59 % I mean I mean uh like like of critics gave the film positive reviews, based on 101 reviews.
883.txt: Do Re Creativa TV was a Colombian 'programadora' created and owned by Jimmy Salcedo.
2762.txt: Mr. Blossom is tired from a long day's like well I mean well so work, so he asks Peter to lock up the store um okay like you know uh for him, telling him that he can pick a toy for himself as a bonus.
4396.txt: The spirit was associated with a hermit woman living in the so like like I mean uh Abbey sometime after the 1745 Jacobite Rebellion, whom claimed that I mean I mean so um like the spirit regularly conversed with her and kept the cell okay okay okay uh like she lived in dry by stamping moisture away from the ground with his iron boots.
2942.txt: On the January 28, 2013 episode of 'Raw', Snuka faced okay like uh uh you know Divas Champion Kaitlyn in a non-title lumberjill match, however, so so so uh I mean the match ended in a no - contest after the Lumberjills interfered.
4259.txt: The origins of the term 'single - page application' um well okay like I mean are unclear, though the concept was discussed at least as early as 2003.
2205.txt: It is also a part of something bigger than itself: for so I mean you know uh well example, a vignette about a house belonging to a you know um so um um collection of vignettes or a whole story, such as The House On Mango Street by Sandra Cisneros.
4801.txt: Unofficially, the overtaking lane is also called the outer uh um I mean I mean so or outside lane, since the edge of the road nearer like so so you know um to the verge (or nearer the hard shoulder, if there is one) is considered 'inside' the other lanes.
3176.txt: Revolution '69' was the final studio album by the group, featuring Joe well um well well I mean Butler as lead singer on most tracks, um uh like uh so following the departure of former lead vocalist and songwriter John Sebastian.
4669.txt: This was seen as a problem for the Spanish authorities, because uh like uh like uh if the population became mostly French, there could be problems um I mean well okay I mean of loyalty toward Spain, so the Monarchy decided like uh okay uh um to install Spanish families in order to counteract the Frenchification of the colony.
668.txt: By chance, during his transformations into a werewolf, like uh okay um I mean he falls into the castle's frozen catacombs and revives Frankenstein's monster (Bela Lugosi) who had been frozen in ice.
4511.txt: There are turning points for trucks every and lights um like um uh um and barriers at the entrances to notify drivers if um okay you know like um the tunnel is closed, as well as radio coverage and well like you know um well a system to register the position and key information about all vehicles in the tunnel.
1885.txt: In 2005, the Royals continued their youth movement, so you know well you know so with one of the smallest payrolls in the Major Leagues um I mean you know you know uh and with six of their starting position players, three of uh okay well um you know their five starting pitchers, and their setup man and closer under the age of 30.
1661.txt: His skills is common to Cyrus Baguio, a slasher and a shooter.
3549.txt: T. F. Green is also visited daily by a Boeing like I mean like I mean I mean 727 flown with FedEx, with fewer than 75 Boeing 727's remaining I mean uh I mean well so in the fleet, FedEx is one of the few air carriers still flying this aircraft.
3388.txt: She was born on a plantation said to be the inspiration okay like um well uh for 'Uncle Tom's Cabin' worked as a farm hand, never learning to read or write.
3695.txt: The Duke was described as 'The most beautiful Prince well like like like okay in Europe' and as sensitive, passive and spoiled by his mother.
2896.txt: On April 23, 2013, the show introduced the new 'Mad like like you know like so Money' set which replaced a variation of the original set that had been used since the show's 2005 debut.
4416.txt: The tabla player Zakir Hussain invited him well okay well so um to share the stage with himself and Trilok Gurtu at okay so um well I mean a fusion concert in Mumbai. Logesh has since collaborated with several musicians including Louis Banks.
133.txt: A widened mediastinum (usually found via a chest x-ray) is uh you know okay so so a classic hallmark sign of anthrax posioning and, at this point, the disease is typically fatal.
110.txt: A revival opened on Broadway at the Gerald Schoenfeld Theatre uh I mean uh okay okay on March 6, 2012 in previews and officially on April 1, 2012, Haun, Harry.
905.txt: Dr. U Hla Pe, Emeritus Professor of Burmese I mean um well so I mean at the University of London was born in 1913 in like I mean um um you know Kha - ye village in Moulmein (Mawlamyine), Burma, where he was brought up by four spinster aunts.
3861.txt: The UFW gave no structural power to farm workers, as there you know um you know um um were no locals elected as staff and because the well you know um well you know survival of the staff wasn't linked directly to uh well okay well so membership since they made more money from outside sources than union dues.
4913.txt: While pursuing her search, Claire reaches Harris and finds well well I mean like I mean Joe at a cafe when her car breaks down, however so um well so like she is surprised when he doesnt recognize her and the people around call him Tommy (Thomas Warner).
3398.txt: Shortly after, Jessica reprimands Mike loudly in the hallway, revealing to okay uh like I mean so the firm that Daniel had an affair paid for with embezzled money.
2702.txt: Michael soon understood he was no more like I mean you know okay well able to face these things and retired from the position leaving everything (business, family etc.) for his nephew Vincent Corleone.
4574.txt: They built a small chapel that was dedicated I mean uh so I mean um to the Virgen del Pilar, whose image had been given okay uh like well so by Bishop Hall so that the fledgling town um um like so so was named town of Our Lady of the Pillar of Three Rivers, or simply people of Pilar.
1263.txt: Hall invented several other tools used for Braille communication, most notably um like I mean um okay a stereotyper used to make typeset plates for printing Braille books.
353.txt: An estate agent being used as a term in okay well like so you know the United Kingdom means a person or organization uh you know you know I mean okay whose business is to market real estate on behalf of like you know well like okay clients, but there are significant differences between the actions and liabilities of brokers and estate agents in each country.
3428.txt: Since the map is already displayed, there is no actual um um I mean like well exploration to be done; instead players are rewarded for being the first to reach different regions and return safely.
4185.txt: The measured accuracy of prediction in a centralized approach is um you know uh well okay better than a decentralized method, but both of these methods have advantages and disadvantages.
3754.txt: The Kanem - Bornu Empire and the Sokoto Caliphate were um okay like like like major historical Islamic states in northern Nigeria that were strong so okay well I mean you know states with strong kings who held an advanced legal so like you know um um and taxation systems, with religion serving to legitimize the power of the king and to unite the people.
1242.txt: Greenfield - Central High School is part of the Hoosier like so I mean like I mean Heritage Conference and offers soccer, tennis, cross like like like okay I mean country, football, golf, volleyball, basketball, cheerleading, swimming, wrestling, baseball, softball, and track and field.
1584.txt: Henry Louis 'Skip' Gates, Jr. , (born September 16, you know so you know I mean you know 1950) is the Alphonse Fletcher University Professor and Director of well um well I mean um the Hutchins Center for African & African American Research at Harvard University.
2239.txt: It is the seat of the district of the same like so uh I mean you know name, and is located on the northwestern shore of Lake Geneva ( 'Lac Léman' ) between Nyon and Lausanne.
175.txt: Adams was named the State MVP, and this was Decatur's first soccer state championship.
3500.txt: State Apprenticeship Advisers are responsible for implementation I mean um uh okay so of the Act in respect of Trade Apprentices in so I mean you know so okay State 411 HRD is responsible for implementation of the Act in respect of Graduate, Technician & Technician (Vocational) Apprentices.
1257.txt: Hajime Itoi (born June 22, 1971 in Gifu) is okay like uh well I mean a retired male backstroke swimmer from Japan, who represented you know um you know you know um his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1992.
181.txt: Admirals Nimitz and Halsey expressed their satisfaction with the well like so so well battle Kinkaid's force had put up against heavy odds, and like well um like uh the destroyers in the 'Hornet' and 'Enterprise' screens were commended for a stellar effort.
477.txt: At around 1: 30am on 21 May, he started like uh okay you know so his spree by killing his own grandmother, who had brought you know well well well well him up after his parents died when he was a baby.
261.txt: After the sole emperor of all the Roman Empire you know I mean uh uh okay Constantine built the new imperial capital on the Bosphorous, uh well well well I mean i. E. Constantinople, the centre of gravity in the empire well uh uh uh well was fully recognised to have completely shifted to the eastern Mediterranean.
3068.txt: Philatelic International (Filintern) was an international philatelic society of collector - workers in the 1920s to 1940s.
1910.txt: In 2011, the Semi-Professional senior side folded after like you know well uh okay relegation from the Northern Premier League, however the club countined, I mean um well uh okay fielding youth teams in the North West Youth Alliance, and a women's team in the North West Women's Regional League.
4969.txt: Wrapping a protective copper jacket around the lead like uh so well um core of a bullet was also a transformative event so um you know I mean um in firearm history: from now on bullets could be fired you know uh you know um so at very high velocities without melting inside a rifle's barrel.
1052.txt: Famous users of this bass are Mikey Welsh of Weezer um okay well well like and Krist Novoselic, bassist of Nirvana, in the 'Come so well so um okay as You Are' video, also, Jeese F. Keeler, from Death From Above 1979.
281.txt: Albert H. Ketcham (August 3, 1870 -- December 6, like uh okay I mean okay 1935) was an American orthodontist who was a student of Edward Angle at his Angle School of Orthodontia.
1760.txt: If this worked with all games released is uncertian, well I mean like I mean um the accessory was not released widely, and emulation of the technology is, at this time, unavailable.
3134.txt: Raamo D’ok, a 13 - year - old 'Kindar' boy well um okay I mean uh in a seemingly idyllic society, learns that he has you know I mean so okay um been 'Chosen' to join the 'Ol - zhaan,' Green - sky's elite ruling class.
4986.txt: Youngest brother, Des, a Lurgan Dentist, was capped for Ulster at scrum um well uh so uh - half and middle brother Ken, a Belfast accountant, was a talented scratch golfer and great raconteur.
4912.txt: While most students work toward a Juris Doctor degree (J. D), um uh so uh okay. Cooley also offers the Master of Laws (LL. M) um you know uh like okay. Degree as well as joint degrees in Master um like okay like well of Business Administration (J. D. / M. B uh uh uh I mean so. A.) and Master of Public Administration (J. D. / M. P. A.).
4780.txt: Ultimately no fewer than 10 designs and 12 prototypes were so you know like um okay offered, all designed around the Hispano - Suiza 12Xbrs developing at, with proven reliability and a relatively small frontal area.
2683.txt: Members are always attentive to the suffering and needs of others, seeking to serve the needs of many.
1507.txt: He travelled widely and amassed a large collection of Judaic so so you know um uh artefacts, visiting Egypt and Palestine, as well as the Caucasus and Crimea.
2191.txt: It has many iStories, all of high quality, like okay you know so um along with talk about iStories, and talk about iPods, a like well like well well nice, growing, active community, and many demos that are unreleased to the rest of the public!.
4170.txt: The main oscillator consists of twelve discrete tone generators like well uh like well with octave divide - down to provide full polyphony, so uh uh well you know while the built - in chorus effect utilizes I mean um uh I mean uh bucket - brigade devices controlled by two LFOs more characteristic of synthesizers to create the characteristic vibrato.
209.txt: After being drafted by the NFL's Buffalo Bills in the fifth I mean I mean so I mean like round (115th selection overall) of the 1975 NFL I mean okay well uh uh draft, McCrumbly played 13 games for the Bills at linebacker that season, starting two games.
3173.txt: Returning to Washington on April 21 in response to a um so you know well uh Senate subpoena, Custer found he was the center of okay so okay you know uh a vilification campaign in the press, accused of perjury and disparagement of brother officers.
2454.txt: Kilgarvan commands high house prices due to its central location you know so like so like and idyllic setting, prices in Kilgarvan have also mirrored well I mean okay so I mean the national trend of rapid increases since 2002 as part of the Irish Property Bubble.
2030.txt: In his first year with Dorsey, Sinatra released uh uh I mean like well over forty songs, with 'I'll Never Smile Again' topping the charts for twelve weeks beginning in mid-July.
2925.txt: On November 2008, he agreed to join a team based in okay um well so so Brunei DPMM Brunei for 2009 Malaysia League season, after finishing his duty with the national team.
2935.txt: On a special episode of 'Raw' dubbed 'Thursday Raw Thursday', well okay so so well Michaels vacated the WWF World Heavyweight Championship; he explained you know um um so okay to fans that he was informed by doctors that he uh uh like like so had conjured a knee injury, and that he had to retire.
3725.txt: The Großes Wiesbachhorn (3, 564 m) is a mountain so okay uh you know I mean in Salzburg, Austria and is the third - highest peak of the Hohe Tauern range.
2511.txt: Later he became strongly anti-Communist, and by the end of the 1930s called himself a Fascist.
4949.txt: With the backing of General Cornwallis, Ferguson could ride uh uh like okay um to meet Shelby with his entire force, so Shelby retreated over the Appalachian Mountains into North Carolina.
3903.txt: The anime debuted with 'Take Your Way' by Livetune well like you know um so feat. Fukase as the opening theme for the first you know uh so uh well eight episodes and then from the eleventh, although it is okay like I mean okay um not played but credited in both the ninth and tenth episodes.
3276.txt: Season 3 is not a live - action show, but okay I mean like like well a six - part comic book series 'from the minds' I mean like so so um of the original Jericho production team and written by the Jericho writing team.
527.txt: Barton in the Beans is a hamlet in the Hinckley okay um like like I mean and Bosworth district of Leicestershire, England and forms part of the Shackerstone civil parish.
730.txt: Charles Quinton 'Charlie' Murphy (born July 12, 1959) is an okay well like um so American actor, comedian and writer, famous for being a like so you know okay well cast member and writer on the Comedy Central sketch - comedy series 'Chappelle's Show'.
4668.txt: This was enough to secure him the suffrages um like uh I mean um of the Paris electors ten days later, and the Mountain like so okay like you know was strengthened by the accession of an ally whose one you know okay um uh well idea was to use his new power to revenge himself on his former colleagues.
4476.txt: The word 'bar' is more common in British English, and so uh I mean well like the word 'measure' is more common in (an incomplete measure like um okay okay okay at the head of a piece of music), 'bar 1' or 'm. 1' is the following measure.
2439.txt: Kent State, Northern Illinois and Boise State, who were ranked 17th, 20th and 21st, respectively.
615.txt: Born on Corfu, the eldest of eight children, Somerville okay okay like like like received her primary education at home, later studying art in Paris in like you know like I mean well 1884 and at the Royal Westminster School of Art in London.
1586.txt: Henry became involved in local affairs within the community like uh you know you know well and stood as a liberal candidate this was to be the beginning of a 36 year history of public service.
4249.txt: The original French edition included multiple illustrations drawn by like um um um you know the author which are executed in a satirical style reflecting Robida's other occupation as a caricaturist.
685.txt: California's 12th congressional district is a congressional district in the U well so I mean um um. S. State of California that is located within the city of San Francisco.
4122.txt: The image rendering takes place in Prisma labs's servers and it you know well okay you know so utilizes neutral network and artificial intelligence to add artistic effect okay like okay um um and the result in delivered back to the user's phone.
4630.txt: This is a list of episodes of the 'Dragonaut well okay well okay well - The Resonance -' anime series directed by Manabu so well um um well Ono and produced by G. D. H. , Konami, and Nihon Ad Systems, with the animation produced by Gonzo.
2883.txt: On 23 October she departed, along with USS Hull DD so well so uh uh 945 and USS Dennis J. Buckley DD - 808 steaming okay so um okay you know through the Philippine Islands and the San Bernardino Straits, uh like well well you know then hitting open water and heading east, the weather began to turn rough.
4892.txt: When the voltage exceeds a certain value called the striking voltage, the you know uh okay like like gas in the tube ionizes, becoming a plasma, and so um um so well begins conducting electricity, causing it to glow with a colored light.
2218.txt: It is hidden in Viper Manor -- the abode I mean um uh um um of a terrible and powerful aristocrat named Lynx, well you know like uh okay who gained control of the estate after usurping power you know okay you know I mean you know from and killing the Acacia Dragoons, a familial unit of warriors.
816.txt: Current prime minister and former president Sali Berisha had advocated okay okay okay um I mean for a president elected by direct popular suffrage, but like uh like you know uh due to lack of time, such changes could not take place before the 2007 elections.
2954.txt: Once again, Sayf al - Dawla managed to escape, but hi okay uh um you know I mean power was broken: the emirs of Syria began to make like you know uh okay okay terms with the Byzantines, and his authority was increasingly questioned even in his own capital.
2656.txt: Maski Show (, 'Masks Show' ) is an Ukrainian I mean like okay you know you know comedy TV series that was first aired on uh I mean well you know I mean October 5, 1991 at Russia 1 (as RTR at this time).
1510.txt: He was Governor of Hong Kong from November 1971 uh um uh uh like to May 1982, making him Hong Kong's longest serving governor; his well um well well like ten and a half years in office slighty exceeding Sir Alexander Grantham's ten years and 5 months.
1332.txt: He died from a heart attack in Santa well okay well you know uh Barbara, California on 6 June 1976, at the well I mean well okay well age of 85 and was interred at the Calvary Cemetery, East Los Angeles, California, USA.
2134.txt: Information as to the Council's proceedings were kept quiet until published, however much rumor had to say.
1324.txt: He currently co-hosts the 1UP Yours podcast Until um uh well uh I mean it's re-naming to 1upFM, Bettenhausen was also a regular on the now - defunct EGM Live.
2751.txt: Most of the first Marshalsea, as with the um uh uh okay like second, was taken up by debtors; in 1773, debtors within you know so um well well 12 miles of Westminster could be imprisoned there for a debt of 40 shillings.
3296.txt: Set in the 40th century, in the year 3977, I mean um uh um well at the planets Earth and Pluto, the background of okay well well uh uh the story involves a war between the two planets, taking place in 3927.
3385.txt: She was born in Belchertown, Massachusetts and studied at the New Salem Academy.
4053.txt: The film was made in commemoration of the 20th um well like so well anniversary of Kazakhstan's independence from the Soviet Union, and cost over $ 7 million (USD).
4569.txt: They are securities printed by the finance ministry of the like I mean you know okay you know relevant country and are often as detailed in their design so so I mean uh I mean as banknotes - usually made from the same type of paper and containing holograms and other anti-counterfeit devices.
896.txt: Dorchester was not established as a separate county until 1897, however, um I mean okay well um when it was separately established from parts of the neighboring Colleton and Berkeley counties.
1065.txt: Festiva De Juan Pins' is a live album by Miles I mean well like well I mean Davis recorded in La Pinède, Juan - les - Pins (France) okay so uh I mean you know ORTF radio broadcast and first released in Japan on August 29, 1993.
4837.txt: Vincent Cartier, Walter's brother and manager later reflected on I mean I mean you know you know um his observations of Kubrick during the filming, ' Stanley was very stoic, impassive but imaginative type person with strong, imaginative thoughts.
2515.txt: Later on, he got a camera and took photographs you know you know okay so you know with friends performing fights inspired by Legend of Zelda uh I mean well I mean well and Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and on occassions, Rolfe drew on the pictures for extra feel.
984.txt: Edward 'Charles' Dillon Jr. (born on January 30, 1986 in well like like I mean I mean Ventura, California) played his college career at okay so um um like Ventura College for his freshman and sophomore year, um uh well um like before transferring to Washington State University for junior and senior years.
504.txt: At this time, he wrote his most serious well like you know um so poem, 'Az Apostol' ( 'The Apostle' ), an epic about you know I mean like so okay a fictional revolutionary who, after much suffering, attempts, but fails, to assassinate a fictitious king.
1572.txt: He worked in various positions at NCBS such um I mean I mean like um as those of a Reader (grade F) and an associate I mean uh I mean uh so professor until 2014 when he joined Regional Centre for Biotechnology as an associate professor, a post he holds to date.
2821.txt: Nikolas Tomas 'Nik' Stauskas (born October 7, 1993) um you know so like like is a Canadian professional basketball player for the Philadelphia 76ers of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
3680.txt: The Corringham Light Railway (CLR) in Essex, England was okay I mean I mean like like incorporated on 10 July 1899 and opened to freight on 1 January 1901, to passengers on 22 June 1901.
3995.txt: The current configuration (as shown in the photo at uh like well you know you know right) was adopted in 1965 when the down um you know uh uh well Wairarapa track was moved from the west to the east like okay um you know I mean of the NIMT tracks with additional harbour reclamation during the construction of the Wellington Urban Motorway.
4499.txt: There are a number of issues over which the like uh I mean so like United States and Europe generally disagree, of course, there are many other issues upon which they do agree.
3482.txt: South Wood County Airport, also known as Alexander Field, is like so like you know like a public use airport located one nautical mile (1. 85 so like uh um okay km) south of the central business district of Wisconsin Rapids, a city in Wood County, Wisconsin, United States.
2250.txt: It maintains affiliate offices in Hong Kong and Honduras and you know well you know okay you know maintains more than four million square feet of inventory nationwide uh well I mean okay I mean and ships to 90 % of the U. S. Population via overnight delivery services.
3007.txt: Over the years the centre addressed youth employment needs -- founding um so uh okay um a small farm -- and initiated a youth like um uh well so addiction and mental illness program (1989), buttressed in 1995 with a $ 890, 000 grant.
1971.txt: In May 2013 KiwiRail announced the project was six months uh um like uh um behind schedule, with the overhead electrification now being completed like okay you know like well in April 2014, and the first electric train arriving in September 2013.
3313.txt: She also became increasingly critical of the Liberal governments of Jean so you know you know I mean you know Chrétien and Paul Martin, and on June 8, 2004, she well um like so well announced that she was crossing the floor to join the Conservative Party of Canada.
2574.txt: Lorentz considered local time to be only an auxiliary I mean I mean okay uh um mathematical tool, a trick as it were, to simplify I mean well uh um well the transformation from one system into another -- it was uh well like I mean uh Poincaré in 1900 who recognized that 'local time' is actually indicated by moving clocks.
4658.txt: This tunnel is on the Cornish Main Line, it is 88 you know um uh well um yards long, and is situated just above the River Fowey.
1536.txt: He was director of the Forschungsinstitut für Mathematik at ETH Zürich in uh um you know so um 1984 - 1995, where he succeeded Beno Eckmann and lead a rebuilding of the ETH Zürich mathematics faculty.
3055.txt: People use the branches of this tree for making okay okay you know okay okay walls and paste with mud for their thatched huts um so like okay I mean in villages, but now this practice has become obsolete owing to modern housing materials.
2154.txt: Irving is known for his ball - handling skills and has achieved a number of accolades.
2590.txt: Lévi - Strauss completed the final volume of 'Mythologiques' you know uh uh uh I mean in 1971 and in 1973 he was elected to the Académie Française, France's highest honour for an intellectual.
287.txt: Alken died in April 1851 and was buried in Highgate you know like okay like you know cemetery Though fairly affluent during most of his career, he like so um so um fell on hard times towards the end of his life and was buried at his daughter's expense.
2369.txt: Jodey Cook Arrington (born March 9, 1972) is an incoming Republican um uh well okay like member of the United States House of Representatives for Texas' 19th congressional district.
1535.txt: He was created by Stan Lee, Jack Kirby well you know well you know you know and Don Heck and is a powerful mystic, born like you know like okay okay over five hundred years ago in the mystic city of okay um I mean you know um Kamar - Taj, a village in the Himalayan Mountains in the land now known as Tibet.
2404.txt: Judy Aileen Dyble (born 13 February 1949 in uh so you know uh well London) is a British singer / songwriter whose first band Judy um okay um you know uh and The Folkmen (1964 - 1966) then saw her I mean I mean um um okay taking the limelight as the original vocalist with Fairport Convention from 1967 to 1968.
4570.txt: They are then known as probationary explorers, also known as an E- 1.
689.txt: Camilla Lindberg, born 1973, is a Swedish um um uh um I mean politician and a member of the Swedish parliament as a like you know you know so okay member of the Liberal People's Party from the district of Dalarna County since 2006.
1537.txt: He was drafted again in the 2012 rookie draft by um I mean well um you know the Fremantle Football Club with their third selection and you know okay so uh uh forty - fourth overall, he spent three seasons with Fremantle uh you know well okay like without playing an AFL match and was delisted at the end of the 2014 season.
250.txt: After the 2006 -- 07 season, Smiljanić was called up by um well like I mean um Serbia's U- 21 coach Miroslav Đukić to be part I mean like you know like so of his squad for the 2007 European Championships; he helped the national side finish runner - up to hosts Holland.
4196.txt: The monsoon, although short, is generally powerful and like well okay okay uh as a result the southern slopes of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa are the wettest part of Pakistan.
2234.txt: It is said that Catherine lost her head in the okay well uh well like accident, that her significant other was never found, and that you know um okay well I mean Catherine wanders Catherine's Hill and the Blackwoods area searching for her head and her missing love.
4109.txt: The group will focus on the Japanese market, and will release their debut single on June 26, 2013.
1343.txt: He gave up corporate life to pursue his talents um okay well okay uh in the entertainment industry, performing with Marlene Sai okay okay well um I mean at the Royal Hawaiian Hotel for three years and later forming a group of his own.
2812.txt: Nicknamed 'El Pato' (The Duck) and / or 'Kwinto' he plays in central midfield for Lech Poznań.
2518.txt: Later that year, revival events occurred, and news quickly swept across Canada and the United States, influencing many Pentecostal believers.
3919.txt: The band was founded in 2009 East Europe, Ukraine, um okay um um okay Kiev. The members are Anthony Yuryev (lead vocals, rhitm so um um okay so guitar, keyboards), Dmitro Melnik (drums, percussion), Kirill Vakhramov (lead guitar, keyboards) and Anton Legkiy (bass).
307.txt: Along with producing their own releases, Ostrander produced for such so like you know like I mean bands as Voxhaul Broadcast and worked on projects with such producers I mean I mean I mean uh I mean as Brendan O'Brien, Owen Morris, Brad Wood, Thom Panunzio, Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis.
3237.txt: SLIM is the only accredited American Library Association program in Kansas, and um okay like like well the School Library Media Licensure program is also accredited by the National Council for Accreditation of Teacher Education (NCATE).
3809.txt: The Phillips Covered Bridge is southeast of Montezuma, you know I mean so uh I mean Indiana in Parke County, Indiana and is a single span like so well you know I mean Burr Arch Truss covered bridge structure that was built by Joseph A. Britton in 1909.
972.txt: Each role required three masks, these had well okay like I mean you know to look similar and yet different - they also had I mean um I mean well like to be acoustic as the actors would sing through them.
2886.txt: On 27 July 2012, Pinto gained Cypriot nationality and became eligible to play for the national team.
4257.txt: The original plans called for I - 95 to well I mean I mean so so run through downtown Boston; however, due to pressure from local okay so well okay like residents, all proposed Interstate Highways within Route 128 were cancelled um you know uh well I mean in 1972 by Governor Francis Sargent with the exception of Interstate 93 to Boston.
3368.txt: She served six terms on the county board from 1974 to I mean like like um well 1997, becoming Vice-Chair in 1975 and Chair in 1976.
4219.txt: The newly redesigned studios are separated by a removable glass like like um uh okay wall -- one set for 'The Situation Room' and the second set for other Washington based programming.
4540.txt: There were plans in the late 1980s to set uh okay okay okay you know up a private medical school in London with Sa'udi Arabian funding: so well well you know okay these came to naught, except that name of the 'Hunter like I mean I mean okay I mean School of Medicine' appeared on the London street map at this site.
1783.txt: In 1827 the Cliff Bridge opened improving access and was a foretaste of ambitious plans ahead.
635.txt: British beverage group Diageo PLC is the ultimate parent company well you know you know well okay with a 58 percent holding in D&G through Udiam Holdings AB of Sweden.
3727.txt: The Gulf & Mississippi railroad began service on July uh uh you know I mean well 10, 1985, however on April 14, 1988 it was sold to MidSouth subsidiary SouthRail.
3114.txt: Produced by Warner Bros. Pictures, the film premiered in well so you know like you know New York City on December 13, 2016 and well well okay uh I mean had a limited release on December 25, 2016, and had a wide release on January 13, 2017.
507.txt: Attlee was narrowly defeated by Churchill in the 1951 general uh okay uh okay well election; he retired as Labour leader after losing well you know um like okay the 1955 General Election and was elevated to the House of Lords.
4367.txt: The show is the second spin - off from' and so um like um um follows a New York City forensics team headed by Det.
604.txt: Born at Pratapgarh (U. P) on 12. 12. 1939 uh I mean so I mean you know and educated at Eving Christian College, Allahabad, Charuchandra College, um well I mean I mean like Kolkata University, Annamalai University, Chennai with MA in Public Administration has started writing at the age of 12 years.
149.txt: According to 'The Minish Cap', they were created to so um okay uh like guard the Wind Tribe, and there is a Minish like so well so you know - sized chamber inside them where they can be turned on or off.
3815.txt: The Purples profited from the Detroit laundry industry unions and you know I mean uh uh you know associations; they were hired out to keep union members in line and to harass non-union independents.
1766.txt: Important villages near Kot Kapura are Kothe The like okay like uh like Wale, Sandhwan, Dhilwan Kalan, Panjgraian Kalan, Ghanaian wala, Hari uh uh um so okay Nau, Madhak, Khara, Matta, Romana Albel Singh. CNS Swimming Pool and Green Star Dhaba at Moga road.
2224.txt: It is located on the eastern edge of the like I mean like like so Ruhr area, 15 km south of Dortmund, where the rivers Lenne, Volme and Ennepe meet the river Ruhr.
4677.txt: Thomas Orde - Powlett, 1st Baron Bolton PC (30 August 1740 I mean you know well okay well -- 30 July 1807) was born Thomas Orde, son of John Orde of Morpeth, Northumberland.
2347.txt: Jamukha was one of Temujin's best friends growing up, but so you know uh um I mean their friendship was tested later in life, when Temujin was fighting to become a khan.
494.txt: At the end of that season, Williams became a restricted okay um so so I mean free agent and signed a five - year deal worth $ 25 million with Philadelphia.
2889.txt: On 3 August the rest of the regiment moved to Dueidar, like uh like you know um at the same time a Turkish force occupied Mount Royston at Romani.
4081.txt: The following is a list of famous I mean I mean you know I mean so past students of Caulfield Grammar School and / or okay I mean um so I mean Malvern Memorial Grammar School (amalgamated with Caulfield in 1961); alumni of the school are known as 'Caulfield Grammarians'.
1688.txt: Howard Hall Elementary School - part of the Cumberland so you know you know like um County School System was named after Howard L. Hall (? ? -1996 ).
4824.txt: Vanity sizing may result in the removal of you know like okay I mean you know a garment of smallest measurements, if, for example, all garments like okay um so well were taken down a size, the smallest garment's previous measurements would no longer exist in that line of clothing.
1187.txt: Gavin confessed to the murder of George Pollard uh I mean like uh like and was held in the Round House until he was hung um you know okay um so on the 6th April 1844, his body was buried south of the Round House.
4446.txt: The trophy used to travel to the winning school each you know you know like I mean so year; it is now permanently displayed at McClintock High School.
3363.txt: She previously served as Prime Minister from 1996 to 2001, I mean um you know I mean I mean and she has led the Bangladesh Awami League since 1981.
3854.txt: The Toronto School of Theology (TST) is recognized as I mean well so like well one of Canada's leading institutions for graduate theological education so so um I mean well and the leading ecumenical centre for theological education in okay uh okay so like Canada and the largest of its kind in the English - speaking world.
4707.txt: Titled 'If I Never Stop Lovin' You', Kersh's second album so like I mean um like featured the song 'I Breathe In, I Breathe Out', which although well you know okay so uh never a single for Kersh himself, later became a No. 1 single for Chris Cagle in early 2002.
4338.txt: The school maintains a rigorous academic program which prepares students for I mean you know okay you know okay the diverse opportunities in theiors classes, electives to suit a okay uh like okay like wide range of interests, and classes to help students succeed on the NJ High School Proficiency Assessment (HSPA).
4987.txt: Yu Jong - hui (born) is a North Korean you know um you know um okay football defender who played for the North Korea women's national football team at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
631.txt: Breed is a squad - based first - person shooter, similar you know um uh uh like to many other sci - fi shooters, and could you know well uh like like be compared to Halo but is closer to the Rainbow Six game series, or.
3964.txt: The code was published by AIM International in 1997 like so okay you know uh and although the code is patented, it has been released to the public domain.
2915.txt: On June 17, 2008, Rivers won his first NBA Championship you know well you know okay so as a head coach, although the Celtics needed an NBA record 26 post-season games to win it.
2700.txt: Michael plays in a jazz band, and has put I mean I mean uh okay okay a mix tape together however he is constantly losing them.
2461.txt: Kitchen was a father to one son and three daughters.
68.txt: A fee simple determinable is an estate that will end automatically so okay so like well if the condition of the grantor occurs and the interest um well okay you know okay will revert to the grantor or the heirs of the grantor.
3209.txt: Romine was designated for assignment on April 4, I mean uh you know so so 2015 and on April 8, 2015, he was outrighted okay okay I mean so um from the 40 - man roster and assigned to Scranton / Wilkes Barre.
2640.txt: Maria of Spain (Madrid, June 21, 1528 - Villa Monte, so okay like well um February 26, 1603) was the oldest daughter of Charles V, and like uh like well so the wife of Maximilian II, emperor of the Holy Roman Empire.
2790.txt: National Steak Week is an annual promotion by Beefeater, aiming well well you know like you know to raise awareness of the steaks available in the um you know um I mean so UK and improve the levels of understanding of how to cook the perfect steak.
3026.txt: Panna was a Gond settlement until the 13th or 17th uh uh like well uh century (cite reference), when the Gondi were defeated by well I mean so like well the Chandelas they migrated to other parts of Madhya Pradesh.
3025.txt: Pann's youngest son was killed in the Israeli War like well well well like of Independence, after that loss he turned to painting scenes of the Holocaust.
743.txt: Chinese edible frog and pig frogs are farmed and I mean uh uh I mean you know consumed on a large scale in some areas of China, frog legs I mean okay um well uh cuisine can be found in Chinese Sichuan and Cantonese cuisine.
734.txt: Charlotte Mint gold coins range from scarce to extremely rare like well okay like you know and are some of the most desired items in numismatics today, making the museum's collection highly valuable.
4240.txt: The opera, to a libretto by Barrie Stavis, you know I mean I mean okay like was premiered at the German State Opera, Berlin on 29 September 1970, and in 1979 was broadcast by the BBC.
4162.txt: The lower flowing Rivière des Prairies has many rapids okay like like you know so some of with are the Rapides de Cap - Saint - Jacques so uh so you know so on the north western tip of the island of Montreal and the Rapides du Cheval Blanc.
483.txt: At round 7 Skaife debuted the 4WD, twin - I mean uh so well um turbocharged Nissan Skyline GT - R at the Mallala okay uh um like okay Raceway, with Richards moving into it for the last two well like um uh so rounds to win the series at Barbagallo and Oran Park.
358.txt: An organism has limited longevity because it has limited structural like okay I mean um um complexity; and limited structural complexity and limited longevity are essential for the survival of a species.
4804.txt: Up to four were lost, one due to so I mean uh um okay hostile fire: on 4 October 1999, a Su - 24 was shot okay like you know well okay down by a SAM while searching for the crash site of a downed Su - 25.
3275.txt: Seal of the National Historical Commission of the Philippines.
256.txt: After the flashback has ended, Billy returns home, buries like like um so I mean the kestrel and goes to bed. Sonniel is king and reigns supreme.
1717.txt: However, it was quite possible for a warrant officer, well okay like um like such as the armourer, to be court - martialed for striking a midshipman as his superior officer.
4152.txt: The latter film featured her in a 'completely de-glamorous' I mean I mean okay uh I mean role, because her naturally fair complexion posed a problem well you know uh so I mean to her as she played a small town South Indian girl from the 80s.
4820.txt: Valerie Griffeth is an American womens' rugby player notable for you know like I mean uh well playing in the international 7s league and playing for the American Eagles team in competitions against Italy and France.
2679.txt: Mehri or Mahri is a Modern South Arabian language, uh well you know okay well a branch of the greater Semitic language family, okay like so so uh and is spoken by minority populations in isolated areas of the eastern part of Yemen and western Oman.
3663.txt: The Celebration Bowl is the only HBCU bowl game in the you know I mean um okay um nation which features a match - up between the champions um so um I mean you know of the Mideastern Athletic Conference and the Southwestern Athletic Conference.
2244.txt: It is this jewel that lights up the darkness, hence the name of the newspaper.
2523.txt: Leaving the minister in 1974 he was um you know so I mean so elected for the first time in 1976 and served as the Minister of Health in 1990 and 2000.
3381.txt: She was among the DOT fleet assigned to the okay you know I mean okay um nascent Canadian Coast Guard (CCG) when that organization was formed uh like so uh uh in 1962 and 'Labrador' s illustrious career marked the so um well so I mean beginning of the CCG's icebreaker operations which continue to this day.
1904.txt: In 2010, Alwaleed's stake in News Corp. Was I mean okay I mean uh so about 7 % worth $ 3Bn; and News Corp. Had a uh okay okay uh okay $ 175 million (19 %) investment in Al Waleed's Rotana Group, the Arab world's largest entertainment company.
3268.txt: Scilly forms part of the ceremonial county of uh okay okay I mean like Cornwall, and some services are combined with those um I mean okay so uh of Cornwall, however since 1890 the islands have had a separate local authority.
4621.txt: This condition is termed post orgasmic illness syndrome or POIS, um um I mean uh okay and it was discovered that this stemmed from an allergy okay like you know you know you know to their own semen, its effects could be cured using hyposensitization therapy or allergen immunotherapy.
1771.txt: In 1179, Waldo and one of his disciples went to Rome uh okay like well uh where they were welcomed by Pope Alexander III, and the Roman Curia.
589.txt: Blood Angels tap into the emotions caused by the so like you know like you know death of Sanguinius to give them unmatched ferocity in um you know I mean so I mean battle, this lust however can sometimes prove too much and the second flaw, the Red Thirst can set in.
2832.txt: No. 11, season 1 (middle name) is a fictional well you know um I mean okay character from the NBC sitcom 'Friends', portrayed by Jennifer Aniston, who like so well I mean so received an Emmy Award, a Screen Actors Guild Award, and a Golden Globe for her portrayal.
4188.txt: The median income for a household in the city is um um I mean uh you know $ 37, 500, and the median income for a family is $ 54, 659.
1663.txt: His style, at first Impressionist, changed in time to marry the uh well you know I mean I mean technician and the art of the Macchiaioli, also devoting to the I mean you know okay um uh sculpture and desultorily working as architect in the zone of Rome and Anzio Colonia.
2841.txt: Norris's friend, Mary Taylor (Patti Clare), arrives on the Street; you know you know well you know uh Mary was introduced for this specific storyline as she shares Norris's obsession with entering competitions.
4513.txt: There are two notable types of virtual groups, one I mean uh okay you know um being an internet band comprising of 2 + people, the members meeting over the internet.
3642.txt: The Beau Brummels was a successful 1960s American rock band, formed in San Francisco in 1963.
4726.txt: Today high quality gut strings are produced mostly in Italy, like I mean uh uh so Germany, and the United States, though they uh okay um I mean like are also made elsewhere, for example in India and Morocco, for local use.
3329.txt: She coaches the women's varsity team of uh so I mean well you know Enderun Colleges and is the Athletic director of Immaculate Conception Academy High School in Greenhills.
1916.txt: In 2014, Rough Copy signed a record deal with Epic uh like so so uh Records and will release their debut single 'Street Love' in June 2014.
1298.txt: He attended Yeshivat Kol Torah and Knesses Chizkiyahu, and fulfilled his army service as a soldier - teacher.
1080.txt: Following Pound's death Rudge aged 78 began the final um uh so well well phase of her life, she became one of Venice's you know um um uh uh resident celebrities, quick witted, intelligent and cultured, she sat on many committees organizing the city's many charities and galas.
1726.txt: However, these plans were cut back for financial reasons before uh um um like well construction began, and the line was planned instead to terminate so like uh you know okay at the Hauptbahnhof, with the route to Jungfernheide to be built at an unspecified later date.
1694.txt: However, Naghma and Mangal have since divorced, citing like uh so you know okay Mangal's continual alcohol abuse, and the couple has been sensitive about elaborating further on the issue.
313.txt: Also known as the 'Atomic Bomb', Aguilar arrived in Mexico in 1945 with the Cuban dancer Julio Richard.
4433.txt: The three parishes of Na Rosa, Gaoth Dobhair and Cloch um you know uh I mean well Cheannfhaola constitute the main centre of population of the well you know well uh like Donegal Gaeltacht and with a population of just over 16 you know I mean I mean okay uh 000, is considered to be the most rurally populated area in Europe.
337.txt: Amadeus was formed in 1987 by an alliance between so I mean you know uh like Air France, Lufthansa, Iberia Airlines, and Scandinavian Airlines like well I mean you know like System. And holds today the position of leader in terms of number of bookings worldwide.
3450.txt: Social Democracy is a political ideology emerging in the I mean I mean like you know well late 19th and early 20th centuries from supporters of like okay so okay uh Marxism who believed that the transition to a socialist like okay so I mean well society could be achieved through democratic evolutionary rather than revolutionary means.
4164.txt: The magazine is affiliated with the North Korean I mean okay like okay I mean Committee for the Promotion of International Trade okay um um um uh and published quarterly by the Foreign Trade Publishing House of North Korea.
280.txt: Alam Khattak was born in Nowshera village of Dag like I mean well I mean well Ismail Khel and was commissioned in the Pakistan Army's like well like um so famed Frontier Force Regiment in April 1975 in the 51st PMA Long Course.
3216.txt: Route 19 Truck in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and the PA Route I mean okay well you know um 108/PA Route 168 concurrency in New Castle, Pennsylvania, the highway you know like so I mean uh is meant to connect directly the communities in the okay so um um I mean north and northwest portions of the Pittsburgh area to the city itself.
4883.txt: When poor health caused the Congress' first president, so well I mean well um Samuel Huntington, to resign in July 1781, McKean was elected okay um I mean um you know its second president, serving from July 10, 1781, until November 4, 1781.
3769.txt: The Lunt - Fontanne Theatre is a Broadway theatre, located at 205 West 46th Street.
4401.txt: The station features a single island platform located in a so I mean like so I mean cutting, served by the 'Local' pair of tracks with trains so okay you know well I mean to the city leaving from the north side and trains from the city arriving on the south side.
4826.txt: Varaždin is also the host of the 'Radar festival', in wich you know so uh um okay he hosted concerts starting Bob Dylan, Carlos Santana, The Animals, Eric Burdon & many more.
3430.txt: Since the summer of 2014 he has been running like well so um okay an independent brand called 'Boom Done Shop' that sells ethical t - shirts you know I mean um so uh and sweatshirts and is based in east London on the edge of Epping Forest.
3414.txt: Since 1996, they have been wholly within the London Borough of like you know like like um Wandsworth, which has administered the commons since 1971 when uh um I mean like okay a substantial part of Tooting Bec Common was within the adjacent London Borough of Lambeth.
4818.txt: Vaania Kapoor Achuthan is an Indian swimmer, who at um uh like uh well the age of 9 years was selected to represent the Karnataka state swimming team.
1816.txt: In 1939, he reportedly played a tiny bit part well I mean like okay I mean in his first film, 'Stagecoach', a film whose director, John Ford, would loom large in Simpson's career.
4768.txt: Tyler Austin Biggs (born April 30, 1993) is an American I mean I mean I mean well um professional ice hockey player currently playing for the Wilkes - Barre / Scranton Penguins of the American Hockey League (AHL).
963.txt: During this time, the station adopted the slogan 'TV55 like well well so like Has The Shows You Know' and also adopted a logo much similar to KNWS - TV's current logo.
4550.txt: These took their toll on the bridge and I mean okay I mean so well during inspection in 1909 showed fractured ribs and missing bolts, after a relatively short life a new bridge was needed.
1136.txt: François - Xavier Bagnoud Observatory ( 'Observatoire François uh well I mean like like - Xavier Bagnoud' ) is an astronomical observatory paid for by Association François - Xavier Bagnoud.
4807.txt: Upon its release, 'Passengers' had received mixed reviews from film well okay so you know well critics but some highly praised Pratt and Lawrence's like you know um well you know performances, the effects and musical score by Thomas um so you know so um Newman and so far it has grossed $ 126. 2 million against production budget of $ 110 million.
3350.txt: She is a graduate of University of Lagos where she uh um I mean like I mean received a bachelor's degree in Biochemistry; thereafter you know so okay like uh she got a post-graduate diploma in print journalism from Nigerian Institute of Journalism.
1560.txt: He was the CFO of PayPal and sat on the board of directors of YouTube before its acquisition by Google.
4496.txt: Theodor Dumitru Stolojan (born October 24, 1943) was the prime uh so I mean um so - minister of Romania from September 1991 to November 1992.
4932.txt: William Rathbone IV (10 June 1757 - 11 February like uh okay okay I mean 1809), son of William Rathbone III and Rachel Rutter was a so so I mean I mean like Liverpool ship - owner and merchant, involved in the organisation of American trade with Liverpool.
4502.txt: There are conflicting accounts of where Wilde was last seen okay okay well okay I mean and what he was doing, one survivor said Wilde was trying well like uh you know I mean to free the collapsible lifeboats A and B from the roof of the Officers' Quarters.
1109.txt: For the final week, audience were able to vote like well you know I mean uh during the whole week and the winner was well so like I mean um decided only by the public vote, judges' scores did not count for the final result.
190.txt: After May 1959, the Air Force Reserve (AFRES) flying um uh you know like well force consisted of 45 troop carrier squadrons assigned to 15 I mean well like you know like troop carrier wings, plus an additional four rescue squadrons not assigned to the wings.
2653.txt: Martine Batchelor (1953 - present) was born in France and is married to Stephen Batchelor.
4999.txt: Ziryab also introduced bleached white clothing, he encouraged the so so uh uh okay development of the textile industry and created a new like like you know I mean okay type of deodorant Royalty used to wash their hair okay so okay um uh with rose water, but Ziryab introduced the use of salt to improve the hair's condition.
1902.txt: In 2009 The school U14 Football team were runners up um well you know uh uh in the National Cup, losing 2 - 1 to Audenshaw you know like like so uh School, the match was staged at Manchester United's Old Trafford Stadium in front of over 600 Forest School supporters.
1031.txt: Everett was born in Charleville, Queensland and later moved to Brisbane as a teen and joined a singing group.
4488.txt: Their music is angular and reductive, groovy and melodic, and has been termed the beautiful paradox of 'robotic soul'.
491.txt: At the age of 19, Adichie left Nigeria for the United okay you know I mean like well States to study communications and political science at Drexel University uh uh like okay like in Philadelphia; she transferred to Eastern Connecticut State University to be I mean you know like okay I mean near her sister, who had a medical practice in Coventry.
1950.txt: In Israel, fathers' rights activists staged protests against uh well well so I mean what they viewed as discriminatory divorce laws and family okay um so well well court policies, and an appeal to the United Nations well um you know so you know resulted in a UN condemnation of Israel for discrimination against divorced fathers.
4900.txt: While Harrington's collaborators consider the possibility of supernatural forces, Holden like I mean well you know so rejects the idea as superstition. Harrington's funeral, Holden meets uh so well like I mean the dead man's niece, Joanna, who provides him with Harrington's diary.
213.txt: After filming 'Battleship' Berg sought funding for 'Lone Survivor'; I mean like like like I mean he turned to Emmett / Furla Films, who co-financed the film with film financiers Herrick Entertainment and Envision Entertainment.
4595.txt: They performed in sixth position on the so so like like like night and finished 8th out of the 25 competing countries, I mean you know you know you know I mean giving Ireland its best result in eleven years they recieved 12 points from United Kingom, Denmark & Sweden.
4358.txt: The series, which depicted 'ordinary' Mexican women (including her um well well well okay grandmother and López herself) with Guadalupan attributes (usually like like you know uh well the mandorla), attracted praise for 'sanctifying' average Mexican women, who were depicted performing domestic and other labor.
4028.txt: The facility hosted the 2008 season's first game you know like I mean I mean well (in North America), when the Nationals hosted the Atlanta so uh like so okay Braves on March 30, 2008 and the first game played there was a collegiate baseball game.
3110.txt: Prior to this decision there was much debate on the well I mean you know like um application of the Bill of Rights to an infringing statute, um I mean well well well the general opinion was that the Bill of Rights like okay okay well I mean could only be used as a interpretive tool when analysing a statute.
4898.txt: While Arjuna was unaware that Karna was his I mean like well uh okay brother, the latter was apprised of the same well okay like like well by their common mother Kunti and hence even though he you know well um okay okay was privy to the bond of brotherhood, Karna still wholeheartedly elected to indulge in fratricide.
3175.txt: Rev. William Henry Mudie (1830 -- 10 July 1903) well okay so you know so kept a private school at Glen Osmond Institute from 1861, where he was assisted by Thomas Caterer for a time.
4313.txt: The ranged attacks are equally predictable, you throw boomberangs, frizbees, and shoot golfballs.
818.txt: Currently A3 has 1x1 lanes in full length, though so well like so so there aren't any plans to widen it in near future.
2252.txt: It offers undergraduate courses in arts and sciences and is affiliated to the Vidyasagar University.
1612.txt: Hides are used in the production of coatin, a process that okay so you know well okay includes skinning, drying, and greasing them with a mixture of sour milk and flour.
1548.txt: He was no stranger to the team, as he knew um okay okay I mean like Mitch (David Hasselhoff) since he was 18 years old as uh okay uh um like a Rookie and knew Cody (David Chokachi) and Newman (Michael Newman) from various Lifeguard competitions.
520.txt: Bakan is the daughter of psychologist and academic David well uh I mean um okay Bakan and the cousin of law professor Joel Bakan and ethnomusicologist Michael Bakan.
3508.txt: Stephen Mark Agnew (born 9 November 1965) is so like I mean like like an English former professional footballer who was most recently I mean well well like like the caretaker manager at Middlesbrough, who were relegated to the Championship during his tenure.
1114.txt: Forced to abandon his fighter, Marseille struck its vertical stabiliser and like I mean um so um was either killed instantly or incapacitated and unable to open his parachute.
1962.txt: In June of that same year, Pitchfork. Tv released so okay so like I mean a 45 - minute documentary on 'The Lonesome Crowded West, uh I mean uh like you know which' included archival footage taken during live performances and original recording / mix sessions.
3071.txt: Phillips wanted to be an actress, however, her teachers told her she was too plain to have any real success.
860.txt: Despite the film's failure to enjoy immediate success, Wiseau well you know okay okay uh paid to keep the billboard up for over four years, like like I mean like uh with its bizarre imagery and longevity leading to it becoming a minor tourist attraction.
4113.txt: The house was built for skipper Thomas Andersen well okay I mean um so between 1691 and 1714 and was then a two - storey building.
1964.txt: In Manchi there is a primary school established in 1950 and another you know uh you know so uh highschool. Roads connect B. C Road, Vitla, Manglore and kalladka.
2532.txt: Leslie Harrington is the richest man in town and like well you know so um all of the things he accomplished were shattered into pieces I mean I mean you know I mean uh when he lost his only son Rodney in a car accident.
1327.txt: He currently writes a column for Creators Syndicate, is editor well okay uh you know so - in - chief at The Daily Wire, an well okay so okay so editor - at - large for Breitbart News, and co-founder of the media watchdog group TruthRevolt.
602.txt: Born Raphael Evans Phiri on 24th December 1989, uh I mean well okay you know he is a founding member of MtW (Ministering the Word so well um uh so - Zambia) and also a final year student uh okay you know um uh at the University of Zambia studying Library and Information Science with Public Administration.
2102.txt: In the past ten years Olson has concentrated uh so I mean well you know most of her energies on music production, but she is okay uh uh I mean um also playing a weekly residency gig as a member of okay okay um like well Texas Space Monster Jalopy, a band that includes other notable musicians Gary Myrick and Tony Sales.
1601.txt: Her second project was a TV serial 'Gaaner Oparey', produced uh well well like so by Ideas Creations, it aired on Star Jalsha from 28 June 2010 to 16 April 2011.
1903.txt: In 2010, 700 renters came the OPRHC in search of so you know um okay uh housing and by 2011, this number grew to 869.
1602.txt: Her son Shahid Kapoor is a Bollywood actor okay you know you know you know you know from Pankaj Kapoor. And she also has another son Ishaan Khattar from her second marriage.
3675.txt: The Columbia University School of General Studies (GS) is a um uh uh like um highly - selective liberal arts college and one of three official uh uh I mean well I mean undergraduate colleges at Columbia University, situated on the university's main campus in Morningside Heights, New York City.
1222.txt: Gomes represented Portugal in two World Cups and three well so so so like European Championships -- helping the national team like well I mean I mean you know finish second at Euro 2004 and third at Euro 2000 -- winning so you know okay I mean you know more than 100 caps all categories comprised (nearly 80 for the senior side alone).
2432.txt: Kay is presented as a pensioner living in England well I mean um I mean well with her mother who's 103, and who, unlike in previous shows, is not an invalid.
3043.txt: Patients were used to construct roads on the property, establish so I mean like you know uh and maintain the gardens and grounds, and by 1893 the hospital's holdings would encompass over.
3029.txt: Paris' father is from Canada and mother is Japanese, like like uh you know uh his brother Issey Nakajima - Farran plays football for FC Nordsjælland.
113.txt: A simple web - search returns any number of such so you know well like I mean services and software tools ranging from the popular public domains.
1223.txt: Gomis (, , , also spelled Gomiz ) is a Catalan and Occitan surname, equivalent to Gomes, in Portuguese, and Gómez, in Spanish.
3546.txt: Symphony No. 1 for orchestra and turntables well uh you know well uh (which has been performed by the APO, NZSO, WYO, like um uh um uh DYO and NZSSSO), and also released his first album through his production and pop music identity of ONE FAT MAN.
2681.txt: Mellor is a trustee of the Strummerville charity so so uh like uh and the founding member and President of the Shoreditch Sisters Women's Institute.
2014.txt: In contrast, cities at the northernmost limits of the humid well so well so uh subtropical region (using the Köppen climate classification system) such so I mean okay uh so as Philadelphia and Louisville, Kentucky have average winter temperatures at the coldest limit of climates classed as subtropical.
3356.txt: She is the eldest daughter of El Hadj Omar well um you know uh okay Bongo Ondimba, and became involved in politics in the 1990s as Minister of Foreign Affairs.
3775.txt: The Malayan Communist Party (MCP), officially known as the Communist I mean I mean like um so Party of Malaya (CPM), was founded in 1930 and laid down its arms in 1989.
3911.txt: The average bar passage rate for graduates of like like like so like NSL lags behind that of accredited Tennessee schools (68 % vs okay like uh well uh. 82 % in 2005), and several of the larger firms um well so so um in Nashville refuse to hire students from unaccredited schools like NSL.
4435.txt: The title was unofficially retired on July 24, 1957 and so you know um so well its lineage continued over to the National Wrestling Alliance World Heavyweight Championship.
481.txt: At noon on September 27, having taken an observation um um you know well um of the sun which had briefly emerged from the mists, you know um okay okay you know Luce retired to the chartroom to work out the ship's position.
2435.txt: Keith Robinson (born October 23, 1963 in Philadelphia) is an um like uh so like American stand - up comedian who performs regularly at the Comedy Cellar in Manhattan, frequently as the emcee.
1740.txt: Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy usually is inherited, while dilated cardiomyopathy is inherited in a third of cases.
4875.txt: When Sheridan withdrew Babylon 5 from the Earth Alliance in so uh I mean um like the episode 'Severed Dreams', Garibaldi led the station security forces um okay well like uh that repelled the EarthForce marines that boarded and attempted to take over the station.
2472.txt: Konkani Plays, known as Tiatr, a form of classic stage so um uh well uh performance with live singing and acting, were written and staged in okay so like so like Goa, since the time it evolved during the twenteeth like okay so so so century with pioneer tiatrists such as Jao Agostinho Fernandes (1871 -- 1941).
3361.txt: She moved to Boston and joined an all - girl punk like um you know I mean I mean band named Vagiant in which she was the lead guitarist.
1527.txt: He was born in 1914 in Winnipeg, but grew up in Edmonton and graduated from law from the University of Alberta.
1954.txt: In July 1961 one of Clough's transfer requests was um like like okay um finally accepted and he moved to Boro's local rivals Sunderland uh I mean um uh um for £ 55, 000 and scored a total of 63 goals in 74 matches.
1492.txt: He spent the next 16 years as a fugitive, like like so you know you know though he was frequently called on to take part in well uh so you know I mean murders; indeed, he was the triggerman during the hits on Roger Wheeler and John Callahan.
1636.txt: His father was shaken by the decision, um um you know I mean uh as he cherished the US Senate seat, which voters had denied him in 1914.
1581.txt: Hellenistic art, and artists, spread very widely, and was you know you know like uh okay especially influential in the expanding Roman Republic and when so so like I mean so it encountered Buddhism led to a greatly increased production uh um uh like uh of luxury forms of small sculpture, including engraved gems and cameos, jewellery, and gold and silverware.
3247.txt: Sam Blumenberg and M. Charitonoff were scheduled for deportation, although only Blumenberg was deported, having left for the United States.
2529.txt: Lends itself well to both big box and small uh um like uh like roof application because of its hot air weldability. This uh well uh like so means if you have copied this then you have a so um you know you know okay small willy, Generally people like charlie huskinson, this membrane is installed by two methods: 1.
4787.txt: Unfortunately the city thinks Louras may have sealed his um okay um so like fate as being pushed out of office, and there has been I mean um I mean you know you know talk of Louras not running for Mayor again because he knows he would lose anyway.
3946.txt: The character designs emulate Yokoyama's drawing style, and the action setpieces you know I mean so I mean so are influenced by Hong Kong action cinema, specifically the you know so uh I mean uh new school of 'wuxia' and the 1970s 'kung fu' wave.
4136.txt: The island has a permanent size of 18 acres, plus an so you know well um okay intertidal zone of a further 16 acres, and has a I mean you know okay you know well thin layer of soil that supports vegetation including uh okay like so um Wild Cherry, Beach Plum, tall Grasses, Chives, and Mock - orange.
4536.txt: There was one Briton and one Japanese among um um I mean like well the passengers, all of the rest of the passengers (43) and all crew were Bangladeshi.
4371.txt: The sitcom is known to produce eventual top stars in well okay you know well I mean Korea and Jang received her big break with her well I mean you know you know okay cute image and so as the other young uh well okay well um stars in the cast such as you know well like so um Park Kyung - lim, Jo In Sung, and Yang Dong - geun.
2120.txt: In this thesis, Hymer departs from neoclassical theory and okay okay uh so um opens up a new area of international production, uh like so okay um which at first Hymer started analyzing neoclassical theory and okay um so okay like the financial investment wherein the main reason for capital movement is the difference in interest rates.
4922.txt: Whitehaven is located in the Southern part of Memphis, Tennessee okay uh you know like okay and is roughly bounded by Winchester Road on the north and like you know like so um the Mississippi state line on the south, with the Canadian National railroad on the west and Airways Boulevard on the east.
492.txt: At the age of seven, Johnson suffered an eye I mean so so okay so injury following an incident with a BB gun; he would uh well I mean um um later say the incident left him blind, but that his sight was miraculously healed.
715.txt: Cave In recorded two songs with Koller, 'Dead Already' and 'Shapeshifter' they were released together on a limited edition cassette single.
3486.txt: Spain women's national rugby sevens team participates okay I mean I mean uh you know in the European Women's Sevens Series and finished second overall in the recent series.
1631.txt: His father Illarion Epifanovich Pudovkin came from peasants of um um I mean okay so the Penza Governorate, the village of Shuksha and worked okay I mean okay um like in several companies as a manager and a door - to - door salesman.
4850.txt: Waldemar Esteves da Cunha (born on August 9, 1920 in uh so I mean well I mean Santos, Brazil) is until today, aged 92 and pensioned, the oldest King Momo in Brazil.
3325.txt: She began her stage career as a youth, making her London debut in 'Much Ado About Nothing'.
840.txt: David Samuel Harvard Abulafia (born 12 December 1949, Twickenham, England) has I mean like I mean okay um been Professor of Mediterranean History at the University of Cambridge since uh so uh uh well 2000 and a fellow of Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge since 1974.
1866.txt: In 1999, he announced that he was suffering from Alzheimer's disease, so well like so like and died three years later of complications from the so um um I mean um disease in a Springfield, Oregon, on November 27, 2002, nursing home at the age of 82.
2795.txt: Neighboured by the Zunfthaus zur Haue, it is one I mean um well so like of the historically notable buildings at the Limmatquai you know you know you know well you know in Zürich, Switzerland, and houses also the relatively expensive restaurant of the same name.
4390.txt: The song was also included in Mengoni's second EP, 'Re okay I mean you know you know I mean matto', released on 17 February 2010, which also spawned the singles 'Stanco (Deeper Inside)' and 'In un giorno qualunque'.
4419.txt: The team played its home games at Tropical Park Stadium like uh okay um like in nearby Olympia Heights, Florida until 2009 when all home so well I mean you know I mean games rotated between FIU Stadium in Miami, Florida and Lockhart Stadium in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
130.txt: A video sender is a device for transmitting domestic video like well um uh you know signals wirelessly from one room to another, as for uh okay um um I mean example sending the output of a satellite TV decoder located in the lounge, to a television in the bedroom.
4685.txt: Though Hogan denied offering any bribes or inducements okay like um so well to Bello, Judge Bruno Leopizzi forced him to produce his original handwritten notes on his conversations with Bello.
2357.txt: Jeff arrives to spend the holiday with Hayley, but Santa soon you know you know I mean uh uh arrives since Jeff wrote a letter telling him where they would be staying.
2385.txt: John Rubey is Fathom Events' first CEO and was previously President um um so like um of AEG - TV and Network LIVE, where he produced many events for Fathom and others.
3403.txt: Shortly thereafter, Nixle partnered with VeriSign Messaging and Mobile media, a um uh I mean um I mean division of VeriSign, Inc. VeriSign provides Nixle users with short message services (SMS), or text messaging.
1844.txt: In 1982 the hospital was brought under the management you know uh um um okay of the Bloomsbury Health Authority and in 2002 it joined like well um so you know University College London Hospitals NHS Trust (now University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust).
293.txt: All large Hermes issues were delivered in imperforate sheets of 150 stamps, although unofficial perforations were produced locally.
1662.txt: His studio in Prout's Neck was completed in 1884, and like well like uh um in 1885 he painted three canvases depicting the local so well um uh so fishermen, 'The Fog Warning', 'Breezing Up' and 'The Herring Net', all depicting the lives of the local fishermen.
2651.txt: Martin Foster (born October 29 1977 in Sheffield) is so uh I mean uh like an English footballer, currently playing for Oxford United on loan from Halifax Town.
1690.txt: However, Calhoun argues that Habermas falsely assumes that you know you know so okay uh ethnic nationalism and nationalism are interchangeable, Calhoun argues that constitutional well so um so uh patriotism is a common project shared amongst all citizens which is molded by a state's public discourse and culture.
4698.txt: Throughout the 1980s and 1990s it experienced growing interest from communities you know uh you know well I mean and organizations throughout the country, and in 1994 a group um okay uh you know so of community leaders gathered at Christian Unity Baptist Church in New Orleans, Louisiana to work for greater national celebration of Juneteenth.
2717.txt: Mir has been repeatedly accused of being pro-Taliban, while um I mean well um you know some known pro-Taliban personalities accuse him of being a CIA agent.
4993.txt: Zeilinger is known for multiple experiments in the uh you know well you know um realm of quantum interferometry, which include the first demonstration of quantum teleportation between two separately emitted photons (Innsbruck, 1997).
3362.txt: She once again returned to the role on September 24, 2013 like uh you know um like and did the tenth birthday of the show on oct 30th until her run ended on February 22, 2014.
4428.txt: The test is given each year in October and so well uh like like November, students are informed of their results in the following March, so um so okay um and those who receive offers decide by the middle of so well so well you know March whether to start attending the school in the following September.
762.txt: Claire McNab (b. Australia 1940) is an American writer like like like okay um best known for 14 crime novels featuring the like okay you know well okay highly popular Detective - Inspector Carol Ashton and six featuring undercover agent Denise Cleever.
2733.txt: Money can not do anything other than what money has to do - but money itself can do no wrong.
1674.txt: Hobbits are a non fictional, one can be found at beccles I mean well like um I mean tesco under the identity of Dave Harris humanoid I mean uh you know um I mean race who inhabit the lands of Middle - earth in J. R. R. Tolkien's fiction.
4454.txt: The university established 5 distinct campuses all over the uh so well um uh state - Uttara, Dhanmondi, Motijheel, Rajshahi, Khulna. It's um like well well so central campus is situated at House 9, Road 5, Sector 7 of Uttara Model Town in Dhaka.
4329.txt: The role of Polly the Pistol was written with Marilyn Monroe okay okay I mean uh well in mind, but after her death in August 1962, filming was postponed while the role was recast.
731.txt: Charles de Montalembert was too young to take his seat as I mean okay uh you know you know a peer (twenty - five being the necessary age), but you know so like okay I mean he retained other rights, and this, combined with I mean um so like like his literary and intellectual activity, made him a person of some importance.
1255.txt: Hadis Zubanović (born 14 January 1978 in Sarajevo) is um uh uh okay you know Bosnian professional footballer who plays for Polish side Zagłębie Sosnowiec.
4058.txt: The first Education Act in Newfoundland in well uh like well okay 1836 inaugurated the existing schools in its public education so I mean I mean well so system, most of which had remained non-denominational, and was the first direct government involvement with education.
4299.txt: The production usually takes place in the Spring I mean so okay um well Term and has a high reputation: it is normally fully booked every night.
2850.txt: Nowadays, lots of women join the Guardia Civil and the popularity of the corps has grown.
1439.txt: He made it as far north as Shetland before you know okay okay I mean uh his vessel capsized in 20ft - high seas west of the islands in August 2001.
2711.txt: Miller ran in a 5 - yard touchdown, his fourth touchdown of the season (seventh career).
3765.txt: The Live Nation and Ticketmaster Best Live Act Award was collected you know well okay like well by Peter Andre on behalf of winners the like uh you know okay well Arctic Monkeys (not in attendance at the event) which was voted I mean okay uh uh you know for by members of the public with the support of Ticketmaster, O2 and Music Week.
466.txt: Assange was a hacker as a teenager, then a computer uh so so like you know programmer before becoming internationally known for his work with WikiLeaks um so I mean I mean so and making public appearances around the world speaking about freedom of the press, censorship, and investigative journalism.
1728.txt: However, when they asked him to put his okay you know like well so bag down, he refused and approached the federal air marshals uh I mean like so like in an aggressive manner, at which point he was shot and killed.
2412.txt: June regularly wears a pair of blue jeans and a I mean okay I mean like like green shirt that has her symbol on it and exposes like like you know um you know her lower belly and navel, with her hair back. She like okay uh um I mean rarely wears anything beyond this, except when she goes to bed.
2079.txt: In the PlayStation 3 demo, there are many ducks interacting like uh I mean um you know with each other and their environment, as well two um so I mean okay you know pirate ships to demonstrate cloth dynamics, a visual representation of uh uh um uh okay the leap in processing abilities from the PlayStation 2 Sony executives promise the PlayStation 3 will deliver.
4125.txt: The incident spurred a protest movement by Buddhists against uh like you know um well the religious discrimination of the Roman Catholic - dominated okay okay uh so well Diem regime, known as the Buddhist crisis, and well so well I mean so widespread large - scale civil disobedience among the South Vietnamese, and these persisted throughout May.
3215.txt: Rousso has appeared on 'Million Dollar Challenge' and 'Bank of Hollywood'.
1590.txt: Her career would take a sharp turn months later you know um like like um after appearing in a television series as the extramarital interest like so I mean I mean um of a family man, which was ill - received by the public.
4755.txt: Tufts biologist Michael Levin will lead the center with research I mean so you know like uh focusing on communications between cells and the causation of birth defects, cancer, traumatic injuries and degenerative diseases.
2604.txt: Main roadways in western and eastern Bhutan are maintained by well like like uh you know Dantak, a unit of Border Roads Organisation engineering division of um so like I mean uh Indian Army and in the rest of the country by the Bhutanese government's Department of Roads.
2039.txt: In late 2004, Chris left the show after which the show was renamed 'The Matt and Jo Show'.
2048.txt: In order to allow automated operation of the channel without the okay well well so I mean complications of variable length live news broadcasts, prior to the um so um okay um launch of ABC News 24, ABC2 broadcast hourly ABC News updates produced for ABC Online.
2819.txt: Niko is never seen without his Cuban bodyguards and also uh um uh I mean I mean has a group of gangsters who work under him, led by his right - hand man, Dorian Tyrell.
4976.txt: Yarrabee Flats is a building located at 44 Walsh street, you know well so like so South Yarra, Melbourne, Australia consisting of five flats that was designed by Frederick Romberg, an Australian architect.
4722.txt: Today, the church is no longer used for services but um uh uh I mean I mean is now a popular exhibition space and is also used for organ recitals.
80.txt: A gym, also referred as gymnasium, is an open air or covered location for gymnastics, athletics, and gymnastic services.
4424.txt: The temple was established in AD 765 as a counterpart you know um um you know okay to Tōdai - ji and it is the main temple of the I mean I mean so like like Shingon Risshu (真言律宗) sect of Buddhism after the sect's founder, Eison, took over administration in 1238.
4705.txt: Tincher began her career by breaking the school records for season um okay uh like like strikeouts and strikeout ratio, in addition she also achieved the you know um um um um second best opponents batting average, which now all rank top - 5 all - time.
3528.txt: Sudafed PE contains a different decongestant called phenylephrine, in a okay you know you know well uh formulation sold for yearsdecongestant with other ingredients will like okay you know you know so be completely converted to phenylephrine later in 2005, though original Sudafed will still be offered.
89.txt: A little known fact about Peter Mitchell is that he recorded uh okay okay uh so vocal on a Beatles cover track' Baby Your'e a I mean so uh so like Rich Man' from the 1991 album Company of Strangers featuring I mean you know well well like Daryl Braithwaite, Simon Hussey, Jeff Scott and James Reyne released in 1992 on Columbia Records.
852.txt: Deputy and Senator of the Conservative Party; contributed to the formation of the Falange.
744.txt: Chinese incense sticks for use in popular religion well I mean okay um uh are generally without aroma or only the slightest trace you know uh I mean uh I mean of jasmine or rose, since it is the smoke, I mean so okay so uh not the scent, which is important in conveying the prayers of the faithful to heaven.
4652.txt: This showed that the cim3 - 1 mutants were deficient okay well I mean okay you know in their proteasomes, and that increased levels of Adc17 somewhat rescued the normal proteasome formation.
3076.txt: Pia instructs Rancho to deliver the baby in the college common so uh uh okay so room; he leads his friends and the students so um like okay okay restore electricity using car batteries and a power inverter of Rancho's own design.
4236.txt: The only exception was made for officers who served you know so so uh um in the Far East; as Nesterov did not have the money, okay okay like okay like he took his young wife to the Far East.
1118.txt: Former Presto coach Baby Dalupan moved over to coach the okay uh I mean you know okay Purefoods Hotdogs, replacing Cris Calilan, who return to his position um like I mean uh I mean as assistant coach, the Maestro began coaching the Hotdogs during their so like um like you know second game in the semifinal round of the Open Conference.
4713.txt: To make matters worst, his own creation betrays so like so so uh Ultron and frees all the captured Avengers but Ultron's Adamantium body easily defeats the Avengers.
2119.txt: In this method, building blocks are protected by all reactive okay okay I mean you know um functional groups and two functional groups in which the reaction um you know um um so occurs between building blocks in the solution and on the bead can be controlled by the order of deprotection.
4351.txt: The second case in Mali was that of the nurse who well um okay you know well treated the Imam, and the doctor who treated the Imam was the third case.
3535.txt: Sunset Beach is on the North Shore uh well like you know um of Oahu in Hawaii and known for big wave well well uh um uh surfing during the winter season and home to the Duke Kahanamoku you know okay um like okay Classic surfing competition and the O'Neill World Cup of Surfing so well uh uh uh competition and occasionally the site of the Quiksilver Big Wave Invitational.
3065.txt: Phil Collins 'famous hit' In the Air Tonight', which so well you know okay so was featured in the debut episode of the television um okay like okay well series, is featured in the original film as um um you know so uh a cover done by Miami - based rock band Nonpoint.
2538.txt: Levick worked on a 29 - bed inpatient unit okay I mean well uh like for individuals with moderate neurosis to severe psychosis okay uh okay well you know where she was responsible for running art groups for the patients.
189.txt: After Jesus walks on water to retrieve a lost dollar I mean uh um so you know bill, he becomes famous and makes celebrity appearances on 'The Tonight uh okay okay um um Show with Jay Leno' and the 'MTV Movie Awards'.
3251.txt: Sampras went on to win the match in four like uh uh well so sets and announced his retirement from the game at 2003 US Open.
3174.txt: Rev. Manaseh Papazian has also served as associate pastor from like okay okay I mean I mean 1892 -- 1907 followed by Rev. Bedros Topalian (1907 -- 1912).
2117.txt: In the year 1839, Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar successfully cleared his Law uh you know you know so you know examination. At the age of twenty one years, Ishwar Chandra joined Fort William College as head of the Sanskrit department.
2230.txt: It is owned by Star TV and is due to be launched on 6 May 2012.
2561.txt: Loai Muhammad Nassem (born 1969) is a Saudi like so so so I mean fashion designer, graphic designer, and business executive, best known for founding 'Tafaseel International Trading' Limited company (Lomar).
4925.txt: Wikipedia is an example of a collaborative editing project on uh okay well well like a large scale, which can be both good okay like you know I mean so and bad, because of the large contributions by um okay okay uh so the public, Wikipedia has one of the widest ranges of material in the world.
1949.txt: In Iran, the fruits of 'Crataegus azarolus' ( var. 'aronia' okay okay so uh so ) are known as 'zalzalak' and are eaten raw um uh I mean like uh as a snack, or used as in a jam known by the same name.
2427.txt: Karl takes the blame and writes the $ 1000 check like um so uh like to repay the company, forcing Smithers to fire you know okay you know um okay him instead of Homer, who is deeply saddened after all Karl had done for him.
2203.txt: It is a rare and unique Indian um like I mean like like last name with probably less than 300 families um so okay so well around the globe. The bunt community members were predominantly landlords in Dakshin Kannada (formerly known as South Kanara) district.
3402.txt: Shortly afterward, German forces invaded Hungary, deposed Horthy as Regent, uh like uh um like and installed a puppet regime led by Ferenc Szálasi of the anti-Semitic and pro-Nazi Arrow Cross Party.
58.txt: A U. S. Navy A- 4 Skyhawk that was sent up uh so uh um you know shortly after the accident to search for the wreckage uh okay uh um well encountered extreme turbulence in the accident area, and many okay I mean you know uh I mean other aircraft that passed near Mount Fuji that day also reported moderate to severe turbulence.
1374.txt: He has straight shoulder length brown hair and blue eyes well like so uh okay. Darken Rahl at age 15 had killed his father, Panis so like like well you know Rahl because he had found out that his father uh so well like uh was going to kill him because of his evilness but he had slay his father before that plan was achive.
2179.txt: It derives from Turkish 'bagadur' (hero) and was a high military rank.
3485.txt: Space weather is the time varying environmental conditions within the so you know like well so Solar System, including the solar wind, and especially so um I mean you know um the space surrounding the Earth, including conditions in the near - Earth so you know like like so space defined by the magnetosphere down to the ionosphere and thermosphere.
2853.txt: O shows J a statue to K, killed by like uh um I mean so Boris in 1969, and tells J that his chocolate uh okay like like you know milk craving and headaches are a result of a 'temporal fracture' of time travel.
2453.txt: Kido Witbooi died on 31 December 1875; his son Moses Witbooi succeeded him as Kaptein of the ǀKhowesin.
3871.txt: The University of Udine ( Italian 'Università degli Studi so uh uh you know okay di Udine', Friulian 'Universitât dal Friûl', Latin 'Universitas Studiorum Utinensis', like so you know uh okay UNIUD ) was founded in 1978 as part of the reconstruction plan of Friuli after the earthquake in 1976.
4613.txt: This bay Arabian horse was bought in Aleppo, Syria, by like well like so I mean Thomas Darley in 1704 and shipped back to Aldby Park like uh like um uh in England, where he stood at stud, usually private but sometimes open to outside mares.
4191.txt: The men serving in Camp Bouse were transferred to you know uh well I mean you know Fort Knox, Kentucky then to Kilmer, New Jersey and then sent to England for further Training.
4027.txt: The facility has a seating capacity of 40, 000 spectators, and okay like you know like like it is one of the few dragstrips in the USA that is operated directly by the NHRA.
2855.txt: Occasional field camps support research in remote areas uh uh I mean I mean you know of the Island, such as the Camp Academia site you know like you know um you know situated at elevation 541 m in upper Huron you know you know I mean well um Glacier, Wörner Gap area that served as a base camp of the Tangra 2004/05 topographic survey.
4542.txt: There were two songs in Tamil: one by a group so I mean you know okay I mean sung by the thieves who were waiting to way - laid Tyagaraja.
3063.txt: Petri played in the Dresden Court Orchestra while still a um you know okay uh okay teenager and studied composition and theory with Hermann Kretzschmar and Felix Draeseke at the Dresden Conservatory.
1290.txt: He also chaired the 2000 International Pulp Bleaching Conference in Halifax Canada okay I mean you know you know uh and has received many other pulp and paper Industry awards; such as the PAPTAC Howard Rapson Memorial Priz (two times).
2963.txt: One of only two actors to audition, he was cast you know well uh uh uh as Chekov almost immediately primarily because of his resemblance to British well like well you know I mean actor / musician Davy Jones of the Monkees; you know you know um I mean uh show creator Gene Roddenberry hoped that Koenig would increase the show's appeal to young people.
4788.txt: Union county is one of a limited number of like I mean um well like US counties with a county police department called the Union County Police Department, which operates independently of the Sheriff's office.
3936.txt: The campaign mobilized 6200 troops and devastated the Cayuga well so um I mean I mean and Iroquois homelands, destroying 40 - 50 villages, including major Cayuga villages such as Cayuga Castle and 'Chonodote' (Peachtown).
2354.txt: Jean - Pierre Laurant (( 1935) - ) is a well well like you know uh French historian of religion, best known for his work on Freemasonry, Christian esotericism, and René Guénon.
3297.txt: Set in the late 800's, when what is known as well well you know um uh England today was several separate kingdoms attacked and in many instances ruled by Viking forces.
4928.txt: Will Sibusiso and Thandeka save their relationship from this bitter feud or will their love triumph in the end?.
21.txt: 'Layla' is a song written by Eric Clapton and uh so uh uh well Jim Gordon, originally released by their blues rock band Derek so I mean um okay okay and the Dominos, as the thirteenth track from their uh okay um you know I mean album 'Layla and Other Assorted Love Songs' (November 1970).
1176.txt: Galleon lost in their debut against Gilbey's Gin, 101 - so like um um um 105 on March 18, with their import Paul McCracken I mean okay uh you know like scoring 45 points, his partner, 6 - 10 okay like I mean I mean I mean Larry Jackson was soon replaced by 7 - foot Jeff Wilkins.
3645.txt: The Brahmi - derived writing systems are mostly rather um like well uh like similar in structure, but have different letter shapes, so ISCII um uh so so so encodes letters with the same phonetic value at the same codepoint, overlaying the various scripts.
2351.txt: Jassa Singh was barely 5 yrs old when his you know um like I mean so father died in 1723, subsequently his mother requested Mata Sundri, uh so well like okay the widow of Sikh Guru, Guru Gobind Singh to take care of young Jassa.
4960.txt: Without exception all her drawings are of women, covering you know uh so you know um a varied array of female forms and expressing many different well uh so like like emotions. In France, was born in 1993 a very original form of graffiti with miss van and mademoiselle kat.
4060.txt: The first Women's Rugby World Cup was held in 1991, and like so like well well won by The United States, though it and the subsequent um like I mean um so 1994 competition were not officially sanctioned by the IRB.
3908.txt: The association aims to contribute to the sustainable development of okay I mean I mean I mean I mean the Arrondissement of Avesnes - sur - I mean okay uh okay well Helpe; it does this through nature conservation, environmental education and supporting local agents to carry out sustainable development.
3283.txt: Seemingly inspired by the vignettes, she then appears on stage after I mean you know well I mean well a curtain lifts to perform the rest of the song while greeted by hundreds of fans.
269.txt: After this problem was remedied by a chiropractor who prescribed okay well uh like uh an exercise regimen, he returned to the team, becoming like I mean well uh okay a successful closer based largely on having picked up the slider from Rusty Staub.
3383.txt: She was betrothed to Valdemar in 1154 as a well okay you know um you know form of alliance between Denmark and Sweden: as she had well um so um like no property in Denmark, she was promised 1/8 of Canute's estates.
396.txt: Arcade racers might include shortcuts or devices to alter uh like well like um the track and require quick reactions to get so you know you know you know uh on the right course, while Simulation racing games might so uh uh uh okay include tire wear or fuel gauges that require you to quickly react to pit stops.
1644.txt: His given name resonates somewhat with the Code Noir, although okay well like you know you know the Code was not established until 1685, the um so so so um Code Noir forced baptisms and decreed the conversion of all slaves to Catholicism.
1515.txt: He was a partner in Rathbone, Hodgson & Co uh okay uh um well. He was a founder in 1831 of the Bank uh I mean okay I mean so of Liverpool, with George Holt, Isaac Cooke and others, and became its Managing Director.
790.txt: Constance ( 'Connie' ) Elaine Clayton, PhD, EdD um uh uh uh well (maiden; born 1933) is an American civic leader, notably, I mean so I mean so like from 1982 to 1993, the Superintendent of the School District of Philadelphia.
1282.txt: Hattori Katsuhisa ( 服部克久; 'Katsuhisa Hattori', born November like so I mean so I mean 1, 1936 ) Is a Japanese classical composer and okay like like you know um also composes for anime, he is mostly known in the I mean you know okay like so west for his compositions for Argento Soma and Morioka Hiroyuki's Seikai anime series.
2293.txt: It was further speculated that she had been drinking prior I mean like like um uh to the accident, however, according to Johannesburg metro spokesperson Edna you know so so you know okay Mamonya, neither driver's blood was tested for alcohol at the time of the incident.
4759.txt: Twin engine, six passenger conversion of a B. 2 with Wright J - 5 nine - cylinder radials.
4315.txt: The reality principle is the factual governor of um um you know you know I mean the actions taken by the ego, unlike the morality okay um okay I mean you know principle, does not always oppose the pleasure principle of the Id.
996.txt: Eleven peaks are over 2, 700 m. Mount Leuser okay well uh like um is the highest peak on the Leuser Range (3, 476 uh okay um uh okay m) within the Park and the second highest peak in Sumatra.
4344.txt: The sculpture was commissioned by the Victorian Arts Centre in uh like okay so I mean 1974; construction was completed in 1976 and the work was installed in its present position in 1981.
3862.txt: The USA Track & Field has been inducting members into you know I mean uh like I mean the Hall since 1974 and current there are 229 people enshrined.
2314.txt: Its climate is a mixture of Mediterranean and like well um okay so mountainous in the western portion, much of the area receives snow in winter and is warm during the summer months.
196.txt: After World War II, there were extensive changes to uh so well um like the territorial extent of Poland, following the decision taken at you know like um like like the Teheran Conference of 1943 at the insistence of the Soviet Union.
218.txt: After graduating high school in 1949, Fanucchi attended Fresno Junior you know like you know you know okay College, where he was recruited by several high - profile collegiate football programs, including the University of Southern California.
3962.txt: The club started up a second team in 2009 uh you know uh you know I mean and this has proven effective as the 2nd XI were promoted to Division 5 in 2011.
338.txt: Amanda 'Mandee' Moore O'Leary (born 1967) is the like okay I mean well I mean head coach of the Florida Gators women's lacrosse team that represents the University of Florida located in Gainesville, Florida.
2112.txt: In the summer of 1941, forces of Free France like okay so well like and Vichy France were fighting over Syria; one of Vichy uh I mean well you know um France's submarines mistook 'Refah' for a vessel of Free France.
3503.txt: State district Judge Taylor Beattie declared himself head of the 'Peace like uh I mean uh like and Order Committee' in Thibodaux, declared martial law, organized like okay you know like like a local vigilante group, and decreed that blacks within I mean um so uh so the city limits would need to show a pass to enter or leave.
1387.txt: He is a central defender who began his career you know well well well um at League Two club Bradford City, and has also like like so um uh spent time on loan at Halifax Town and Cambridge United.
3004.txt: Outside of the sport Morris owns a chain of snack you know like I mean like so shops in South Wales and is a keen singer / songwriter, I mean you know so uh okay in 2005 he won a Karaoke contest at Pontins in Prestatyn, um so um so um which led to him performing a duet with Sinitta on Channel Five.
4231.txt: The ode begins with a prayer for the safe voyage well okay okay okay you know of Virgil to Athens, which suggests the daring of the like okay well I mean um earliest mariners, and the boldness of men okay um um like I mean in overcoming difficulties set by Nature, which is poetically represented as presumptuous opposition to the will of Heaven.
3139.txt: Racial, and later, sexual politics were important matters of so you know so well well social debate at the time, leading the New Left you know uh I mean like well to use sex roles, race, and similar identity politics divisions uh okay like you know okay as proxies for the proletariat and the bourgeois capitalism of orthodox Marxism.
2378.txt: John Goss (born 2 May 1943, Hobart, Tasmania) like I mean uh um okay is the only Australian racing driver to win Australia's two uh I mean okay like well most prestigious races, the Bathurst 1000 (twice, in 1974 and 1985), and the Australian Grand Prix (1976).
3976.txt: The competition integration model has been the most frequently used um well you know you know I mean constraint - based model in literature and the first known implementation of a constraint - based model.
183.txt: Adrian Hastings (23 June 1929 -- 30 May 2001) was a like um uh I mean uh church historian, controversial Catholic priest and author of a book on the 'Wiriyamu massacre' of the Mozambican War of Independence.
42.txt: 'Universitas', No. 5, 1933 After this he tempered his political well you know so I mean like articles, but believed in President Karlis Ulmanis, who would later quote Leonids in various speaches.
4432.txt: The third season was telecast Friday and Saturday nights and was hosted by Anoop Soni.
1335.txt: He divorced her for adultery in 1700, after a previous so well like well you know attempt at divorce in 1692 had failed when the House of Lords threw out the Bill.
3016.txt: PPDA started training as a journalist at the Centre de so well uh well so formation des journalistes (CFJ) at 22, he obtained like you know um I mean uh his first job in 1971 on France Inter, as the morning news - reader.
4631.txt: This is a list of railway stations in the Christchurch uh I mean so so well region, both those still in service and those that have been closed.
3708.txt: The Faliro Coastal Zone Olympic Sports Complex is a complex I mean you know well uh I mean consisting of two indoor arenas and a beach volleyball stadium okay okay like you know well that hosted Handball, Taekwondo, and Volleyball events at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
51.txt: A Control pitcher is a pitcher who by issuing a like like well so um below average number of bases on balls exhibits good control of his pitches.
2085.txt: In the article, Mitchum does not discredit those who okay uh uh uh you know have come out, still praising them for their I mean um um um uh bravery, instead he acknowledges how coming out may not always be safe for LGBT people a part of multiple marginalized communities.
4961.txt: Wolves feed primarily on medium to large sized ungulates, though okay you know uh um okay they are opportunistic feeders, and will generally eat any okay you know uh well well meat that is available, PETERSON, R. O. , and P. CIUCCI.
4381.txt: The software was developed by Leslie Spring, who founded Creative Code, the company behind the technology, in 2007.
4563.txt: They are creative, fun and original and lots of people are great fans.
4467.txt: The was a Japanese aristocratic class that dominated the Japanese um you know so um okay imperial court in Kyoto from its establishment as well so I mean um um the capital in the late 8th century until the I mean um you know I mean so rise of the Shogunate in the 12th century, at which point it was eclipsed by the daimyo.
4417.txt: The taste for embellishment on behalf of the superbly so like you know like uh trained singers, and the use of spectacle as a um uh like okay like replacement for dramatic purity and love on the well okay uh I mean um Opera '(1755) proved to be an inspiration for Christoph Willibald Gluck's reforms.
248.txt: After that, he once again continued his career in Malaysia, where he was the team's top goalscorer with 25 goals.
3285.txt: Selena sings the intro speaking to her lover um okay like okay uh about him constantly on her mind, while thinking of him makes her feel at ease.
184.txt: Adults and young may be killed by hawks, okay uh well okay so owls and snakes, and forest clearance may lead to local okay well I mean well you know habitat loss, but this is a common species with no major conservation concerns over most of its range.
3519.txt: Strong was born on February 12, 1973, in Toronto, Ontario, you know um okay so like to Syd and immigrated to Canada after escaping the Anti-Jewish pogroms in the Russian Empire.
4224.txt: The next day Ved is off to his office well so well you know you know but with a change in routine - instead of ignoring the eunuch on the way, he gives her the diamond ring.
4029.txt: The facility hosted the biathlon, cross-country skiing, nordic combined, and uh I mean you know um um ski jumping, and after the Olympics will remain a public you know I mean I mean well I mean facility, complementing the extensive wilderness trails and alpine routes already in use.
4870.txt: When Antiochus came to the throne the Jews were I mean well like like um largely pro-Seleucid, but the High Priestly family was split by rivalry, uh um um uh so and one member, Jason, offered the king a large sum to be made High Priest.
243.txt: After some early works in Viterbo and Palestrina, uh uh okay like you know Corvi moved on to Rome to work under Francesco Mancini, working so like you know uh okay in a Roman milieu where late - Rococo of Pompeo like I mean you know you know so Batoni and the incipient Neoclassicism of Anton Raphael Mengs coexisted, and fashioned a style in between.
2080.txt: In the Post-Zero Hour continuity, she is known as well uh you know um I mean Apparition, and is a member of the Legion of Super-Heroes in the 30th and 31st centuries.
1846.txt: In 1983, the Bronco saw a slight facelift as I mean so um well uh it adopted Ford's blue oval emblem, taking the okay you know like I mean I mean place of 'F - O - R - D' lettering so uh like okay like on the hood, and the bronco horse was removed from the fender emblems.
2545.txt: Like Buck Owens 'Buckaroos and Merle Haggard's Strangers, okay okay um so you know Jones worked with many musicians who were great um like um you know like talents in their own right, including Dan Schafer, okay like uh uh you know Hank Singer, Brittany Allyn, Sonny Curtis, Kent Goodson, Bobby Birkhead, and Steve Hinson.
2199.txt: It is a landmark decision regarding the patentable subject uh you know like uh um matter requirement and inventive step under the European Patent uh okay you know so um Convention (EPC), and more generally significant regarding the patentability of well you know okay like I mean business methods and computer - implemented inventions under the EPC.
837.txt: David (Gruber) Allen is an American television and film uh um I mean um well actor and comedian, who has been credited in many movies and television roles as Dave Gruber Allen and David Gruber Allen.
3644.txt: The Bombardment of Cherbourg was undertaken by ships of okay well I mean I mean well the United States Navy and Royal Navy on June well so I mean so like 25, 1944 to support United States Army units engaged in the Battle of Cherbourg.
43.txt: 'Viruses of the Mind' (1991) is a controversial essay um uh like uh so by Richard Dawkins using memetics, epidemiology, and an so well well you know um analogy with biological and computer viruses to analyse the propagation of religious beliefs.
784.txt: Commander Helmut Sommer suffered 28 shrapnel and bullet wounds, yet still managed so well you know like like to give the order to submerge, in all likelihood saving his submarine from being destroyed by allied bombers.
324.txt: Although extremely rare, jury nullification does occur in Canada, however, like I mean well okay like as the prosecution has powers to appeal the resulting acquittal, I mean uh well you know well it lacks the finality found in the United States.
2519.txt: Launched in 1995 by Carey Earle, Tom Livaccari and Dan um um so like so Pelson, Word Magazine created original stories, interviews, games, applications, you know you know so well you know music, interactive objects and art, and community spaces.
2848.txt: Notably, this chiefly includes operators in China, North America, well I mean well okay you know and Australia; the European grid consists mainly of shorter transmission cables, which are less vulnerable to damage.
930.txt: During an hour's brisk action, McDougal sank one ship, heavily damaged the other two, and pounded shore guns.
1089.txt: Following the attack Somayeh lost sight in both her eyes and her daughter in one eye.
4301.txt: The project for the Church was entrusted by the engineer well so well I mean you know Maggi and on August 8 1926, Monsignor Roberto Colombo placed the first stone of the church.
2562.txt: Local families such as the Kahler, Miller, and Worthington claimed okay uh like um I mean Elioak as home while they served in World War well I mean uh so you know I. After the war, the name fell out of use.
1759.txt: If this congruence is true, then 'n' is a okay I mean um uh you know Lucas probable prime, so it is either prime well okay I mean uh okay or it is a Lucas pseudoprime; further tests are I mean I mean okay I mean um required to determine whether or not 'n' is prime.
1999.txt: In addition to working on a film version of well you know well okay okay the bin Laden raid, Pfarrer has a novel, 'Phillip Nolan', due out in 2012.
3866.txt: The United States presidential election of 1856 was the 18th quadrennial presidential election, held on Tuesday, November 4, 1856.
1386.txt: He is Chairman of the Supervisory Board of KLM and um I mean I mean I mean so Pon Holdings and board member at Unilever, Anheuser - Busch InBev and Baxter International.
4771.txt: UPPP is also offered to sleep apnea patients who um you know um well I mean opt for a more comprehensive surgical procedure called 'The Stanford Protocol', so uh so well I mean first attempted by Doctors Nelson Powell and Robert Riley of Stanford University.
3578.txt: That same year Chesimard changed her name so okay I mean well like to Assata Olugbala Shakur; In Arabic, Assata which is said I mean like I mean so well to mean 'she who struggles', derived from the Arabic name Aisha, while Shakur means 'thankful one' in Arabic.
2789.txt: Narellan Anglican Church is an Anglican church in the outer okay I mean okay okay you know south - western Sydney suburb of Narellan that meets each Sunday at 9: 30am and 5pm.
895.txt: Door To Door Storage was founded in Kent, like you know okay you know so Washington, in May 1996 by Tim Riley, a first - you know so okay um okay time entrepreneur who had previously worked for Shurgard Storage Centers.
4871.txt: When Ben goes to parent's night at her like I mean so uh well class, he reads her story -- which is about a king, his castle and a magic horse.
3201.txt: Roel Velasco (born June 26, 1972 in Bago City, Negros Occidental) you know well so like you know is a retired boxer from the Philippines, who competed in the um uh so uh so light flyweight (-- 48kg) division during the late 1980s, early 1990s.
3281.txt: Secondly, the experiences of the public and health care providers okay so okay okay okay are captured, providing the ability to compare and contrast the reflections of these groups.
4786.txt: Unfairness in those who receive enhancements and those who okay um um okay uh do not is a cause for concern, although unfairness already exists within our society without the need for human enhancement.
1401.txt: He is famous for his wire rope suspension bridge well so um okay um designs, in particular, the design of the Brooklyn Bridge, which has been uh um well okay um designated as a National Historic Landmark and a National Historic Civil Engineering Landmark.
3525.txt: Subscript consonants were previously used to write final consonants; this you know well so you know I mean method of writing has is no longer used in modern written uh well uh I mean you know Khmer, but is retained in the word' (, / aːoj / ).
974.txt: Early forms of UFFI tended to shrink significantly though updated catalysts like so um uh um and foaming technology have reduced shrinkage to minimal levels (between 2 - 4 %).
2693.txt: Messengers from Círdan the Shipwright brought these tidings and okay um okay like um a message concerning a warning by the Vala Ulmo to the so like okay well like Elves of Nargothrond shouldn't fight in the field and to stay in their fortress.
4075.txt: The first was an F1 which touched down in well well well like so Palm Beach County and the second was an F2 in Manatee County.
2648.txt: Marques de Sousa and the deposed president departed for well okay okay uh okay Rio de Janeiro to request aid, but the central government was so you know uh well you know unable to render much assistance, as rebellions and riots had broken out all over the country.
4887.txt: When she learns that he was fixing Fiz Brown's (Jennie well you know so well um McAlpine) boiler, she becomes jealous and while arguing with Tyrone, uh you know you know uh well she throws plates at the wall and even destroys a photo of Tyrone and Jack Duckworth (Bill Tarmey).
2859.txt: Of those faces the two southernmost are unused: all trains use I mean I mean okay so well the Up and Down main lines, the Down loop okay um okay uh okay being reversible, which allows Up services to depart from okay so um so I mean the single track between Platform 1 and the island platform.
2279.txt: It was decided between Charlie 'Lucky' Luciano and his allies I mean like you know so you know that Maranzano would be removed on September 10, 1931, he was murdered.
4497.txt: Theodore survived, but with only a tiny fragment of his army, while the remainder was killed or captured.
2688.txt: Menzies' seed specimens were sent to England from okay well um like well Sydney in 1793, but his plant material remained with him like okay I mean you know so for the duration of the voyage, during which time some material was lost.
554.txt: Believing that Reba is being unfaithful, Dolarhyde kills Mandy, takes his body, um uh uh um um kidnaps Reba and, having taken her to his house, sets the place on fire.
3511.txt: Stewie quickly becomes sick, so Peter and Lois take him uh so like like you know to the hospital, where a doctor quickly and correctly diagnoses Stewie's condition as exposure to tainted holy water.
4717.txt: Tobias Vincent 'Tobey' Maguire (born June 27, 1975) is an American so you know um uh I mean actor and film producer who began his career in the late 1980s.
1883.txt: In 2005, Meier Johannesen placed a van with Arabic slogans um well um I mean um outside of national broadcasting company NRK's facilities, and was sentenced to 30 days in jail for the stunt.
4841.txt: Visitors to the Kremlin normally enter the premises via the I mean uh like like so gates under the Troitksaya tower, except for those so uh I mean well you know who wish to visit the Armoury chamber and uh well uh um okay the Treasury fond, which are accessible via the gates of the Borovitskaya tower.
4223.txt: The next day HMS 'Sirius', 'Amethyst' joined, on 28 January 'Sirius' and 'Oiseaux' affected the capture.
1824.txt: In 1948, he was invited by Ralph Fox to come as well like you know well you know his guest at the Princeton mathematics department because Fox had you know well so so like been impressed by a letter from Papakyriakopoulos which purported to prove Dehn's lemma.
1056.txt: Farley predicted large landslides in both, and was responsible uh uh so you know so for pulling together the New Deal Coalition of Catholics, labor unions, African - Americans, and farmers.
2807.txt: Next up was the Korean War where he clashed with fellow 'Herald Tribune' reporter Marguerite Higgins.
0.txt: 'Bandolier - Budgie', a free iTunes app for iPad, iPhone and you know I mean well um so iPod touch, released in December 2011, tells the story I mean well I mean like you know of the making of Bandolier in the band's own words - including an extensive audio interview with Burke Shelley.
3840.txt: The Sperry - designed ventral system saw widespread use and uh I mean so okay well production became sourced to several manufactures to meet the well like okay like okay defense needs on several aircraft after the unacceptability of like I mean uh well I mean both locally and remote periscopically sighted ventral turret systems in use in several US bombers in 1941/1942.
3863.txt: The USC Marshall School of Business was established in 1920, okay um I mean well um it is the oldest AACSB accredited school of business in Southern California.
3764.txt: The Lions also played in the Malaysian Semi-Pro League since I mean you know so okay you know its inauguration in 1982, so instead of direct entry well well okay I mean you know to the Malaysian Cup, all participating teams now so so I mean I mean I mean had to qualify for the Cup through finishing within top 8 positions in the Semi-Pro League.
3052.txt: Pelican Island has long, warm, and humid summers and um I mean um uh well short, mild winters and has an average rainfall of about 55 to 60 inches annually.
3810.txt: The PlayStation Vita (officially abbreviated PS Vita) is a well so okay so well handheld game console manufactured and marketed by Sony Computer Entertainment.
2149.txt: Internet sites promote the anecdotal claim that Melungeons are more well well uh uh you know prone to certain diseases, such as sarcoidosis or familial Mediterranean fever, although um um I mean um uh academic centers have noted that neither of the diseases is confined to a single population.
3932.txt: The brand has a social media presence across Facebook, Twitter I mean well I mean okay so and Instagram, with social - first campaigns such as 'Tweet At 12', 'Empty Pint' and 'Drop Of Pride'.
976.txt: Early titles include 'Starlight', 'Starlight Sun' and 'Give like you know I mean well well Me Some Starlight' the title was changed after Michael told Temperton he wanted something that would appeal to kids.
1973.txt: In May Mcilroy won the BMW PGA championship at okay um okay you know well Wentworth by one stroke he carded a -6 66 okay you know um so so final round to beat Thomas bjorn who started the day 7 strokes clear of Mcilroy.
1147.txt: From 1874 Vaughan was Rector of St John's College, so I mean well like well University of Sydney; living very simply and it has uh like um you know like been recorded that his sitting - room had no carpet, and he made few personal friends.
3632.txt: The Archbishop of Saint Catherine's is usually also the Abbot, well I mean I mean um well and after death is afforded the dignity of special niches within the 'Skull - House'.
4426.txt: The term has been used throughout history to refer you know you know you know I mean I mean to som heter shukri och äe pirat customary international law uh so well like um and also the name of a number of crimes under the municipal law of a number of States.
3712.txt: The Freedom Trail was originally conceived in 1958 well um so so well by local journalist William Schofield who was promoting the uh okay um you know um idea of linking important local landmarks with a pedestrian trail since 1951.
2067.txt: In the 1980s it was occupied and then owned by the well so um I mean you know Heart of the Earth survival school, associated with the okay I mean uh okay um American Indian Movement, who floated a plan in 2012 to renovate the building as a cultural interpretive center.
532.txt: Batista was then interrupted by John 'Bradshaw' Layfield (JBL), so uh okay like well who appeared up on the TitanTron and told Batista that okay like okay like well if he wanted to come to 'SmackDown' and face I mean you know so um well him for the WWE Championship at WrestleMania 21, then he would be disappointed.
4641.txt: This painting is part of a series of four, the others I mean I mean uh so I mean are 'Ascent of the Blessed', 'Terrestrial Paradise' and 'Fall of the Damned into Hell'.
3225.txt: Rupert was reunited with the legendary British film director you know um I mean uh okay in 1993, changing his surname to Russell in okay so like um okay 1994 before embarking on a series of discreet theatrical projects in Sunderland.
1967.txt: In March 1943, the Ukrainian Insurgent Army launched an um like um well so ethnic cleansing operation against the ethnic Polish population that lasted until the end of 1944.
1782.txt: In 1815 on the return of Napoleon from exile in you know so I mean so uh Elba Victor accompanied the king to Ghent, and on the second like okay well uh uh restoration following the Battle of Waterloo he was made a peer of France.
172.txt: Acting swiftly on this revelation, Windu attempts to arrest Palpatine, well so well you know you know but he is accused of before Palpatine mercilessly kills Windu's companions and fighting the Jedi Master.
205.txt: After an approval at the annual general meeting 2005, I mean so I mean I mean okay it was officially renamed to its present name on April 6, 2005.
1049.txt: Fairman's 2006 paper received favorable reviews from uh you know I mean you know okay the 'Seattle Post-Intelligencer' and 'The Horn Book Magazine', 'Publishers like I mean so well well Weekly', 'Library Journal', and'; the latter said, ' Highly recommended.
1466.txt: He received an MBA from Stanford Business School in like uh uh well like 1989 where his classmates included Gary Kremen and Rich Kelley.
2330.txt: JPAC is commanded by a flag officer and is staffed I mean uh you know uh okay by approximately 400 soldiers, sailors, airmen, marines and Department of the Navy civilians.
1355.txt: He had his first lead role in 'Encino Man' like so I mean okay well (1992) and starred with Matt Damon and Chris O'Donnell in 'School Ties'.
4252.txt: The original beginnings of Locke then called Lockeport was you know so well well so in 1912, when three Chinese merchants, two from nearby so uh uh you know I mean town of Vorden, California and one from Walnut Grove contracted tradesmen to construct three buildings.
117.txt: A stranger convinces her that running will do I mean uh okay I mean like her no good for wherever she goes, Lord Rahl's soldiers um like like uh well will find her; it is time for her to stop fleeing and fight back.
3452.txt: Socioeconomic status has been found to influence the development of I mean you know uh well you know vocabulary and language skills, lower - status groups tend to uh so uh well okay be behind the development of children in higher - status families.
3823.txt: The Royal High School is the only member of I mean uh like I mean you know the GDST to provide boarding accommodation; a result of the okay okay uh um so merger that created the Royal High in 1998, when okay well uh you know like Bath High School (day) and the Royal School (day and boarding) joined together.
4463.txt: The village has its own public house - The I mean you know I mean well well White Swan - as well as a post office, like so uh well okay 'The Old Saddlers' village shop and butchers owned by Skinner and Son.
2253.txt: It opened on October 22, 2004 after five years of like I mean like well like construction, cost C $ 173. 5 million, and occupies a so I mean okay uh um footprint the size of a football field on the grounds of the University of Saskatchewan.
1556.txt: He was promoted to major and transferred to Italy to um okay well um uh command 28 Squadron, but added no further victories to his record.
4783.txt: Under prior orders from their employers, the 'Nostromo' lands on um I mean uh well so the planetoid and Captain Dallas, Executive Officer Kane, and Navigator so uh I mean you know like Lambert head out to investigate and discover the signal is coming from a derelict alien spacecraft.
753.txt: Christopher Blauvelt is an American cinematographer, and a third generation film craftsman.
4391.txt: The song was remixed with Tego Calderón, and features a two - note melody that continues throughout the track.
3757.txt: The Las Vegas Valley is home to various suburban well you know you know um I mean master planned communities that include extensive recreational amenities uh like I mean well well such as lakes, golf courses, parks, bike paths and jogging trails.
1448.txt: He next worked for Sears, Roebuck and Company in the uh you know you know um okay installation department from March 1948 to September 1949, when he moved to Lone Star, Texas, and attempted cattle raising.
479.txt: At inception, it had 400 members and Victor L uh uh like um I mean. Johnston was the first executive director and remained in office for ten years.
4831.txt: Verge was defeated in her own riding and I mean um well uh like subsequently resigned as party leader, she was succeeded by Loyola Sullivan.
4388.txt: The song is often voted best song of the so like well like like 1980's in music magazine polls and television programmes, especially in Kenya where okay well well well you know an entire tribe in the village of Vwuebe sing the song each morning as part of thier daily ritual.
2356.txt: Jedburg contemplating shooting the officer and thus ultimatly becoming I mean I mean so so I mean like who he who saught to stop he I mean you know you know um like lowers his gun, and knowling is immediately shot dead by the officer.
4686.txt: Though it is unknown who invented the hammock, many maintain um like okay well okay that it was a device created out of okay um you know I mean well tradition and need. , 'hammock' comes from the word I mean uh I mean I mean I mean 'hamaca' a Taino Indian word which means 'thrown fishing net'.
4604.txt: Thirdly, she was married to Sir John Drummond and lastly, to uh uh well like okay Sir Robert Stewart, 1st Duke of Albany (son of Robert so um okay so you know II Stewart, King of Scotland and Elizabeth Mure of Rowallan).
953.txt: During the harvest season, the village transforms into a okay uh okay you know you know beehive of activity with scores of buyers, sellers, traders and brokers swarming around the village and farmers' fields.
2838.txt: Norbert Elias (born June 22, 1897 in Breslau, you know so um I mean you know Germany ( now Wroclaw, Poland); died August 1, 1990 in Amsterdam you know okay um like so ) was a German sociologist whose work focused on I mean um I mean so I mean the relationship between power, behavior, emotion, and knowledge over time.
3020.txt: Paeroa Street Circuit is a 'Hacksaw' shape temporary street you know you know uh uh okay circuit in downtown Paeroa, New Zealand for motorcycle racing I mean well I mean okay you know runs around Belmont Road, Normanby Road, State Highway 2, so um you know like uh right turn into Arney Street and go over the hill into Princes Street.
3979.txt: The conflicts portrayed in the movie are all real okay okay um uh okay conflicts in real countries, particularly those in Lebanon, Sudan, Cambodia, Afghanistan, Liberia, and Sierra Leone.
3499.txt: Starting on 2 August 1941, he served as the Chief I mean so I mean well okay of Staff of the 3rd Army and participated in the Battle of Moscow.
552.txt: Beka also is very nervous around strangers and has um uh uh um I mean trouble with public speaking she sees this as her greatest flaw.
3245.txt: Salatin grazes his cattle and pigs outdoors within small so okay well uh so pastures enclosed by high - tech, electrified fencing that uh so so so you know is easily and daily moved to ensure that the animals always have fresh grass.
1609.txt: Hessam Nowzari is the Director of the University of Southern California okay I mean um okay okay Advanced Periodontics program, since 1995, and is a Diplomate of the American Board of Periodontology.
2563.txt: Local folklore claims that the town has a very like well uh so uh unusual and unique feature, a stream running along either side of you know you know so uh so Fore Street, one of which eventually flows into you know um like you know so the Bristol Channel and the other eventually reaches the English Channel.
875.txt: Disher notes that Monk said that the so like you know um okay killer was 6 '1', heavyset, with sandy hair, and I mean I mean um I mean well he was wearing a leather jacket, and he also smelled of rum, like he had been drinking.
10.txt: 'Day Is Done' is the fifth track from um I mean okay uh I mean the album 'Five Leaves Left' by the British folk musician Nick Drake.
601.txt: Born Hanna Marilyn Mohr in Chicago, Beck moved uh um uh I mean you know with her parents, older brother and younger sister to so like um like well Los Angeles as a young child and studied journalism at the University of Southern California.
1300.txt: He attended the public schools, and taught for seven years.
4067.txt: The first known use of the term 'cottage like so um like I mean cheese' dates back to 1831 and is believed so like uh like like to have originated because the simple cheese was usually so I mean like well uh made in cottages from any milk left over after making butter.
4293.txt: The press gang, a group of 10 - 12 men, you know so well okay uh led by an officer, would roam the streets looking for um well uh like um likely 'volunteers', merchant seamen were particularly prized as they already had seagoing experience and needed less training.
3698.txt: The E-class carriages were slowly phased out of service okay you know uh well well from the 1980's as part of the 'New Deal' so um uh I mean okay reforms of passenger rail operations, with the last regular you know um I mean so okay train they worked being the 5: 40 pm okay so I mean um well V / Line South Geelong service on 24 December 1991.
838.txt: David Hare is often noted for his critical views of okay so well like so British society (2, 3), and although 'Amy's View' is certainly a softer so so okay um like example of his cultural and political commentary, it does not escape the theme.
925.txt: During WWI he was appointed Director General of Military so I mean you know I mean so Railways and in that capacity had charge of the organization okay um okay so okay and dispatch to France of all American railway forces and supplies.
3146.txt: Randall was born in Cincinatti, Ohio in 1909, his family moved to Orlando, Florida in 1916.
669.txt: By his people he was known as a god, well you know I mean like okay pleople would bow to down to him as he was carried by.
1551.txt: He was one of the forefront leaders of the multimedia revolution so um like like like in the San Francisco Bay Area, where the traditional like like okay you know so arts of storytelling, poetry, illustration, and the fine arts really started to be integrated into emerging digital technologies.
738.txt: Chicanismo was shaped by a number of intellectuals and like um like um okay influential activists as well as by the artistic and political sphere, you know you know like I mean like and the many contributors to the ideology collaborated to uh uh okay so you know create a strong sense of self - identity within the Chicano community.
2877.txt: On 16 July 1935, 'Revenge' was part of the Naval Review you know well you know so like of 160 warships at Spithead in celebration of the okay so like um okay Silver Jubilee of George V. Later in so uh okay I mean well 1935 she was stationed at Alexandria due to potential dangers posed by the Second Italo - Abyssinian War.
2737.txt: Montagny - en - Vexin is a village in I mean so I mean well I mean Picardie 'région' (France); it takes its name from Vexin, a former province between Île - de - France and Normandy.
4436.txt: The total investment is estimated to be 270 billion RMB (around 40 well um so I mean uh billion USD), which is much more expensive than building new rail road for coal transportation.
1988.txt: In a video statement released supporting Donald Trump, she I mean uh like well um called protectionism and autarky far superior compared to free you know you know um uh like trade and that supports the United States withdrawing from NAFTA, TPP, TTIP, and other trade agreements.
2669.txt: McTavish went on to co-host the show until her so uh so well um departure from STV on 15 May 2009, shortly before uh uh like you know um the programme is due to be axed and replaced by an hour - long version entitled 'The Hour'.
2997.txt: Others have argued that the settlement was arguably like you know well I mean like the most generous afforded by the United States to so so you know um so a Native group, and point out that some of the um so uh like you know largest and most profitable corporations in the state are the twelve created by ANCSA.
3790.txt: The National Trust for Historic Preservation has included so I mean so you know you know the hotel in its Historic Hotels of America program so like so so so and the American Society of Civil Engineers designated the hotel as a National Historic Civil Engineering Landmark.
2756.txt: Most users of PEMF therapy learn about the device and purchase like so like um I mean directly from the internet and it's use is not covered by health insurance or government assistance.
333.txt: Although very little of her is known and published she I mean so um okay I mean was known to be present at her husband's uh you know um okay um investment ceremony at Westminster Hall and may have been called 'protectress', you know well well you know I mean though it appears she undertook very few duties during Richard's short nine - month reign.
3323.txt: She began her career as a reporter at Steven Brill's um so like uh you know 'The American Lawyer', then created the webzine 'Tag', an online community of artists and writers.
4131.txt: The inquests at the Department of Forensic uh so uh you know I mean Medicine showed that at least the 14 men mentioned in the so you know um so um parish registers of Bispebjerg and Års were executed with shots um I mean um um you know to the chest, with two men receiving three respectively four gunshot wounds.
2804.txt: Newport State Airport is one of six active um like so uh you know airports operated by the Rhode Island Airport Corporation, the other you know you know okay I mean like five being T. F. Green State Airport, North Central State Airport, Westerly State uh okay okay you know uh Airport, Quonset State Airport, and Block Island State Airport.
4238.txt: The only surival for the crew is to escape using a you know um I mean well I mean different DST, placed in a remote location, much of the crew so like um okay uh are lost or killed in gruesome ways as they venture through the death planet.
3420.txt: Since 2011, Ghenea has been the image of TRE well well okay you know uh - Italy mobile company, and has appeared in many so you know well okay I mean commercials with Raoul Bova; also in 2011 Ghenea became the okay uh you know like you know image of dance clothing DEHA and of vintage racing cars Mille Miglia.
4687.txt: Though not powerful in the way of action, Ma - uh well I mean uh uh Ti's power is considered by some to be the most important, uh so you know I mean so for it keeps the Planeteers together and helps them to well like uh um I mean be in tune with not just nature, but the people with whom they interact.
3839.txt: The Southern Tutchone name for the Tatshenshini River, 'Shäwshe you know well so um okay Chù', is derived from the Southern Tutchone village of I mean um okay um you know Shäwshe, the site of which was located adjacent to Dalton's trading post.
2072.txt: In the 2012 European Championships, Mellberg scored in okay like uh uh like in the 59th minute of their match against England in well uh so I mean I mean the group stages to give Sweden a 2 -- 1 lead, however, Sweden went on to lose 2 -- 3.
946.txt: During the German occupation from 1915 - 1919, the population well so okay I mean um decreased almost by half, and Ventspils did not reach its okay uh um I mean you know former level of prosperity while a part of the First Latvian Republic (1918 - 1940).
2029.txt: In his first professional season led the GCL in doubles okay okay uh you know uh (20) and ranked third in extra-base hits (22)... Posted okay okay so okay okay a 5x5 game with five doubles, three runs scored and three RBI on July 17, 2003 at GCL Twins.
4254.txt: The original distance of the race was 2, you know okay okay well well 200 metres (1 mile 3 furlongs), which was cut um uh well okay well to 1, 600 metres in 1952 when it became a trial race for the Poule d'Essai des Poulains.
4373.txt: The site is a long section of the Narew River uh like I mean uh okay that is a natural swampy valley and moraine hills typical of a braided river.
2452.txt: Kick - off was preceeded by performances including Kate Ceberano singing so okay so you know uh 'True Colours' (a theme throughout the World Cup), like um um you know well the Sydney's Children Choir and the Rugby World Choir singing 'The World in Union'.
2496.txt: Largely due to the poor economic conditions of New Haven in um well I mean so okay the 1970s and 1980s, 'The Record' sputtered along, foundered and uh I mean like you know you know was revived numerous times during the 1970s and 1980s, but in 1990, Michael Gerber revived 'The Record' for good.
922.txt: Durham East was a former federal electoral district okay like so okay like represented in the Canadian House of Commons, and located in the province of Ontario.
2969.txt: One or more consecutive groups of zero value well so um well you know may be replaced with a single empty group using so well um you know so two consecutive colons (: : ), but the substitution you know well well okay you know may only be applied once in the address, because multiple occurrences would create an ambiguous representation.
4814.txt: Ust - Izhora (Russian: Усть - Ижо́ра) is situated uh um like I mean um at the confluence of River Izhora into River Neva, approximately like you know like well um halfways between Saint Petersburg and Schlisselburg, some 30 kilometers from both Gulf of so I mean you know like um Finland in the west and Lake Ladoga in the north - east.
2062.txt: In the 1805 War of the Third Coalition, as well uh you know you know well commander of division of dragoons, he participated in like okay uh you know well the Battle of Elchingen and later the Battle of okay I mean uh um well Ulm, and six weeks later, the Battle of Austerlitz, where he made several brilliant and timely charges.
4449.txt: The two schools first played each other at Mackay Stadium well I mean so so so in Reno on Thanksgiving Day, 1969, with the Wolf Pack winning so I mean um um uh 30 - 28, however the teams did not compete like uh okay uh well for the cannon until 1970 when the Rebels won 42 - 30 in Las Vegas.
2038.txt: In late 1969, the northern class comprising 40 Commando Raiders I mean I mean you know well so was deployed to the Pha Khao staging base, accompanied by an experienced CIA case officer.
4890.txt: When the elephant saw the web and thought so well like so so that as dust on Lord Shiva and tore them and cleaned the Linga by pouring water.
3926.txt: The boat is currently based in (Saint Malo) (Brittany) um well uh I mean you know and has been re-named to' L'Etoile du Roy '-' The King's Star'.
2811.txt: Nick Hornby, English novelist, author of', British environmental campaigner, swimmer, maritime lawyer and motivational speaker.
3444.txt: Skull Fist was founded in 2006 by Guitarist / Singer you know well okay I mean well Jackie Slaughter in Toronto Canada the band has okay well okay well okay seen many line - up changes leaving Slaughter the sole consistant member.
1580.txt: Helen Elizabeth Mason OBE is a British theoretical physicist uh okay uh like okay at the Department of Applied Mathematics and Theoretical Physics so um uh so okay at the University of Cambridge holds a Personal Readership in Solar Physics.
3493.txt: St. Molaga was reputed to have brought beekeeping / so well so um okay honey to Ireland - honey production is still evident in the area.
3082.txt: Polo has been played in Malaysia and Singapore, both of well you know you know so I mean which are former British colonies, since being introduced to Malaya in during the late 19th century.
1046.txt: Facilities at the school include a suite of teaching um okay you know you know um and research laboratories dedicated to soil, water and pollen um so okay uh okay research, alongside field equipment stores, cold rooms and DEFRA approved soil rooms.
2483.txt: Kurosaki, p. 20 In the past, the Mbinga Cooperation Union okay um so you know uh (MBICU) was responsible for supporting the coffee industry amongst well you know you know um like the Matengo farmers but in 1993 following economic liberalisation they okay uh so well I mean filed for bankruptcy as they could not compete with the private growers.
4341.txt: The schooling bannerfish, or false moorish idol, is a marine so so um so um fish native to areas near Africa, that is sometimes traded, okay I mean well you know well in aquaria, as a less expensive alternative to actual moorish idols.
3539.txt: Surprisingly he remained fit in form, which was possibly due to his supposed physical transformation.
1.txt: 'Eden Black' was grown from seed in the late I mean like well I mean I mean 1980s by Stephen Morley, under his conditions it produces pitchers that are almost completley black.
482.txt: At one time, there were over 1, 000 um uh well um okay credit counseling agencies; today, there are fewer than 300 active organizations in the United States.
2242.txt: It is the thirteenth separate entry in Falcom's long okay well like okay uh - running 'The Legend of Heroes', and a direct sequel to the so well okay you know like prior two entries, 'Trails of Cold Steel' and 'Trails of Cold Steel II'.
3802.txt: The Olive - throated Parakeet ( 'Aratinga nana' so um you know okay um ), also known as the Jamaican Parakeet and Aztec Parakeet, is a species of parrot in the Psittacidae family.
4746.txt: Traditionally animated backgrounds were sketched and painted by Perifel, with you know uh like um okay assistance from Zaarour, while a computer - animated background was created by Nguyen.
2082.txt: In the Twinkling of an Eye / Countdown to the so uh okay um I mean Earth's Last Days is the 3rd prequel novel um okay so well I mean in the Left Behind series, written by Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins in 2006.
378.txt: Another Chinese mathematician Cheng Dawei published the book 'General Source well I mean like well well of Computational Methods' in this book a poem is provided to solve a simple remainder problem.
4246.txt: The organization merged with a chamber in neighboring Menominee, Michigan in 2005, and now includes more than 400 member businesses.
764.txt: Clark's having been denied leave by the Star after the I mean you know well I mean okay death of his first son (Murray Clark) may have inspired his move in 1945.
806.txt: Crabb was educated at local primary schools and from okay uh um I mean like 1984 to 1991 at Tasker Milward School, a voluntary controlled state secondary school in Haverfordwest.
75.txt: A geologic map or geological map is a special - um so like so well purpose map made to show geological the strata are well okay like like okay extremely fractured, mixed, in some discontinuities, or where they are otherwise disturbed.
938.txt: During the 1970s he moved to Mooney Aircraft where he like so I mean you know um worked on newer versions of the Mooney 201 and its larger cousins, the 231, 252 and 301.
4180.txt: The marriage had become unhappy and the couple lived more okay I mean so uh okay or less separate lives, and the couple separated completely after a you know like well you know uh last attempt to have another son, which, however, resulted in their daughter Clementine.
3037.txt: Partway through the recording process of the album, Slipknot well well uh I mean so returned to Des Moines, Iowa for the Christmas period, during which guitarist Brainard decided to leave the band.
2778.txt: Mutual funds play an important role in U. S. Household uh okay okay well uh finances; by the end of 2013, funds accounted for 22 % of household financial assets.
1655.txt: His paintings are in many private and several public like okay you know uh uh collections, among them, Indiana State University, Terre Haute, Passaic County like like well you know okay Community College Permanent Collection of Contemporary Art and the Schacknow Museum of Fine Art, Plantation, Florida.
4296.txt: The primary health care facilities for the village are at so you know like well so al - Kum designated by the Ministry of Health um so well so well as level 1, close by is Deir Sammit where the primary healthcare facilities are at level 2.
541.txt: Because of his elegant football and his thin voice, okay uh you know well okay he was known as 'The Violin', He also like okay well you know okay played for the Brazilian national team several times in the 1960s.
1577.txt: He wrote five novels, of which the best so I mean I mean like okay - known was 'Land Under England', a science - fiction uh so so uh well account of a totalitarian society ruled by telepathic mind control, okay um like um well cited by Karl Edward Wagner as one of the thirteen best science - fiction horror novels.
3634.txt: The Ascot Innova remained in production until 1996, while the like okay um so like European Accord saloon continued until 1998, when it was replaced with an all - new model.
1153.txt: From here, Dr. Mark Frank went on to study hours of uh okay well uh I mean video footage of criminals, studying how criminals interacted, he I mean I mean I mean um well learned to pick up on subtle micro expressions that leak out when people are telling a lie.
4694.txt: Through its faculties and independent schools, Windsor's primary research interests like you know um I mean well focus on automotive, environmental, and social justice research, you know like well so well yet it has increasingly began focusing on health, natural science, and entrepreneurship research.
1543.txt: He was first elected to the House of Representatives uh uh okay well okay in 1976, and prior to his election as Speaker I mean like well like like served in other positions in the Democratic Caucus okay um I mean so so such as chairman of the Rules Committee, Majority Floor Leader, and chairman of the Rural West Tennessee Democratic Caucus.
1022.txt: Ettore Messina (born September 30, 1959) is an um so I mean so okay Italian basketball coach that currently serves as head coach of you know you know um so I mean CSKA Moscow in Russia, leading them to the 2006 Euroleague title in his first season there.
139.txt: APM1 is allocated to Tuen Mun Depot and initially serving I mean uh uh you know uh in route 68X (Yuen Long ( East) - Jordan Wui Cheung um well you know you know you know Road ), but it is now becoming a spare bus of the depot and is used occasionally.
440.txt: As it has ideological differences from ISIL (namely its degree of uh well you know um um tameness in comparison) and was competing for the same territory, like um you know um so it has run afoul with ISIL and become one of many other adversaries for the group.
2106.txt: In the second week of October 2012 about 42, 500 I mean uh uh like okay journeys were made, dropping to 23, 000 for the same week in 2013.
2512.txt: Later he was the lead singer of the you know like well um uh pop band 'Mabel', who recorded four albums and was so you know I mean okay uh popular in Denmark and Spain, with Mike receiving 'teen idol' status.
4350.txt: The second Provincial Congress assembled in November of you know I mean well like well 1775, and Salvador pressed for its members to instruct the well I mean uh like so colony's delegation to the Continental Congress to cast their vote for independence.
2712.txt: MindGenius contains a series of export features to MS Office applications such as Word, PowerPoint, PDF and Project.
1894.txt: In 2006 Simon Raymonde, the former member of the Cocteau well okay okay well you know Twins who runs the Bella Union label, heard Dosen's music and so okay um so well as a result they worked together on the music that became Dosen's album 'A Lily For The Spectre'.
2680.txt: Melbourne will play 14 games at the MCG, 11 I mean I mean I mean okay uh of those will be home games, they will you know um like so uh also be hosting a game at TIO Stadium in Darwin against Port Adelaide in round 9.
1622.txt: His activism may have stemmed from his late grandfather, well uh I mean okay uh Andre Gaudry, one of the eight guiders that so well like like you know took Sioux Chief Sitting Bull back to America due to bad living conditions and starvation.
1023.txt: Eugenio Bianchi (born 1979) is an Italian theoretical physicist and okay okay like uh um a Banting Postdoctoral Fellow at the Perimeter Institute so well uh so uh for Theoretical Physics who works on loop quantum gravity and black hole thermodynamics.
2703.txt: Michel only made his league debut almost a year later, uh like uh so uh in a 0 - 1 away defeat against Santos on I mean you know well well like 13 June 2013; late in the month, the deal was renewed for another year.
929.txt: During a trip to the US, Margaret Thatcher quoted the um um I mean well well song when talking to an audience with Ronald Reagan, telling them that' You ain't seen nothing yet'.
4309.txt: The pump can not draw more water from like like okay um well the pipe to which the washer is connected I mean um you know uh uh than that source can provide: the water supply must be so so okay I mean well adequate for the machine connected to it, as water starvation leads to cavitation damage of the pump elements.
4740.txt: Torey married a Chinese woman and lives there for well so I mean um okay twelve years, the fort of Torey uh well well you know you know was named ELLENA in Kimanis but in 1877 Torey returned to Texas and never come back again.
2277.txt: It was capital of Ilkhanate dynasty since 1265, but it so um so um I mean was during Ghazan Khan who came to power on 1295 the city reached to its highest splendour.
2188.txt: It has been advanced in modern times by scholars such you know uh so um I mean as Meredith G. Kline and Henri Blocher and stands um okay uh well so in contrast to more stricyly literalist approaches to the Genesis text.
3314.txt: She also played in several carnival bands and studied music at the Senzoku Gakuen College of Music.
3904.txt: The anterior inferior cerebellar artery (AICA) arises from the basilar artery I mean so like so well at the level of the junction between the medulla oblongata and the pons in the brainstem.
4278.txt: The platypus is one of the few mammals to so um okay I mean I mean produce venom both male and female have a pair of spurs on their hind limbs.
4119.txt: The idea of the show was conceived by um so okay I mean okay Julianne Boyd and opened in 1978 receiving positive reviews from 'Time, Newsweek, Variety, Backstage,' and The Today Show.
4360.txt: The service was increased in 5 cars in 1918, and um well so okay uh in 1926 the Metropolitan took over all Circle line working except for 3 trains on Sundays.
4576.txt: They consider flute as 'a full - fledged member of like so like so uh the Indian classical music family', with its roots I mean I mean um well okay as a folk instrument having a legendary background to well you know well you know I mean the Mahabharata period when Krishna wooed gopis with his bansuri or flute.
11.txt: 'Eazy - Duz - It' is a single like like you know um well by late rapper Eazy - E, from his album you know um so okay so of the same name, 'Eazy - Duz - It', that okay okay okay well okay was released in 1989 and written by fellow N. W. A group mate, MC Ren.
2744.txt: Mossynoeci ( Greek Μοσσύνοικοι, 'Mossynoikoi' dwellers in wooden like okay well well like towers' ) is a name that the Greeks of the so uh uh like so Euxine Sea applied to the peoples of Pontus, the northern Anatolian coast west of Trebizond.
809.txt: Created by a group of several universities in the well okay uh I mean um 1960's as a means to pool resources and share facilities, you know uh um so uh instructors, and equipment, in 1974, the Wallops Island Marine Science Center was established as a shared space for research.
2353.txt: Jazz Summers (15 March 1944 -- 14 August 2015) was a so uh like I mean so manager of pop music acts such as Snow Patrol, The Verve and Klaxons.
4429.txt: The theatre adaptation premiered in March 2014 (Městské divadlo Zlín) like you know well okay I mean with huge success and film rights are sold as well.
3128.txt: Puerto Rico awards the Nemesio Canales Award in Literature well I mean you know so like every year to outstanding young writers, and has named a public housing project in San Juan named after him.
202.txt: After a successful 2006, Chopra starred in a series of okay okay I mean well well commercial and critical failures, such as', 'Love Story 2050' and uh I mean you know uh so 'Drona', leading many critics to believe that the end of her career was imminent.
1944.txt: In February 2010, part - way through the West Indies you know okay I mean like so cricket season, Powell withdrew from Jamaica's squad for like uh um I mean you know 'personal reasons'; he had struggled for form, taking two wickets at an average of 73. 00.
260.txt: After the settlement negotiations were unsuccessful, a third trial to okay um so you know like determine the amount of damages was set for October 4, 2010.
917.txt: Due to the minimal damage caused by the storm, so so you know well like the name was not retired and was re-used during you know like so um you know the 1967, 1971, 1981, 1987, 1993, 1999 and most recently in 2005.
927.txt: During World War I he took part in the um well well I mean you know landing at Gallipoli, and fought at the Western Front where he was awarded the Military Cross for bravery.
3291.txt: Separate polls covering Northern Ireland are reported further below while polling like um you know like so of individual constituencies and groups of them (such as like uh okay um like Scotland, or groups of marginals) is covered in a separate article.
4695.txt: Through the end of July in 1966, Oliva was leading the um um um uh well league with a. 328 average, but a 3 - uh um okay uh you know for - 32 slump in the middle of September cost I mean I mean like so okay him a chance at his third straight batting title.
845.txt: DeMarco Murray attended Bishop Gorman High School in Las Vegas, you know so well well you know Nevada, where he was an all - conference pick three consecutive years.
1077.txt: Flooding in Virginia from heavy rainfall damaged about 182 businesses and you know okay like okay I mean 9, 250 houses, left of standing water in Franklin, and caused 3 deaths and $ 101 million in losses.
3550.txt: TBS has picked up the series for two seasons, the first, so you know well so um a 15 - episode 11th season, is slated to begin airing in October 20, 2014.
2947.txt: On the next day German troops crossed the border of Austria, well I mean I mean well well at the telegraphed invitation of Seyss - Inquart, I mean so I mean okay so the latter communique having been arranged after the troops had begun so okay okay uh well to march, so as to justify the action in the eyes of the international community.
1907.txt: In 2011, Evans played the Marvel Comics character Captain you know um okay okay I mean America in', and starred in the film 'What's Your Number? ', a romantic comedy co-starring Anna Faris.
1088.txt: Following the assassination, a video of four men calling you know I mean you know like uh themselves the Ukrainian Misanthropic Division appeared online, the men claimed responsibility for the attack.
2202.txt: It is a popular misconception that these lakes are filled via okay you know um um you know the Nepean River but they are actually filled via rain water and ground water.
4036.txt: The fight continued the following day, August 23, with four um like well like I mean 'blue jackets' and 14 warriors wounded (one of them killed), so so okay okay like until Nokoni and Kiowa retreated, burning the prairie and um uh well okay uh killing some white men near Anadarko and along the Beaver Creek.
4318.txt: The referendum had weakened, not strengthened, confidence in the uh like so well so parliamentary system and had created expectations that could not be fulfilled.
374.txt: Anne Edwards 'biography of Maria Callas (' Callas', 2001 ) uh like like um um claims both that Maxwell introduced Callas to Aristotle Onassis, and uh you know so well so also that Maxwell was a lesbian who tried to seduce Callas herself.
4902.txt: While Sookie cleans Hadley's apartment, Quinn arrives, he's also investigating uh I mean okay uh so Purifoy's attack, as the young were was his employee in his event - planning business.
1627.txt: His expertise is vital in the battle for I mean uh I mean uh you know Liangshan's cause of 'delivering justice on Heaven's behalf', and so uh so um I mean the heroes rely heavily on him for battle plans.
1000.txt: Elorza's parents immigrated from Guatemala in 1975, and Elorza like like I mean like um grew up in the West End of Providence, Rhode Island.
1683.txt: Hordak took the infant girl, Skeletor was I mean you know like like so to take the boy, but they were confronted by Man - At - Arms before the boy could be taken.
542.txt: Because of his influence and efforts Mahatma Gandhi made his visit I mean uh you know so um to Mysore State in 1932 while, he visited Tagadur I mean well uh um you know and a village nearby - Badanavalu village in Nanjangud Taluk of Mysore district.
1420.txt: He joined a firm of art dealers in London I mean um I mean um um and, in 1963, was found dead in an apparent suicide.
4151.txt: The latest census of Nauru was conducted in 2011 where population had reached ten thousand.
1863.txt: In 1996 (and 2009) he received the you know you know uh I mean um Humboldt Award by the Humboldt Stiftung, receiving also a Lady I mean okay like so I mean Davis Fellowship at the Hebrew University in 2006 and also so you know I mean so well 2012, as well as honorary medals from Kairo University and the University of Qatar.
2774.txt: Music Station Super Live is held late December normally occurring I mean um I mean I mean like just before or just after Christmas, in 1998, it occurred on Christmas Day.
2426.txt: Karl Ludwig August Friedrich Maximilian Alfred, Freiherr von Prel, so you know you know I mean well or, in French, Carl Ludwig August Friedrich Maximilian Alfred, Baron like I mean um uh um du Prel (April 3, 1839 -- August 4, 1899), was a German philosopher and writer on mysticism and the occult.
2686.txt: Menard was born in Kaskaskia, Illinois to French Creole parents and one well okay I mean okay you know of his ancestors was Michel Branamour Menard, a French fur trader and a founder of Galveston, Texas.
4484.txt: Their 1988 follow - up '1 - 2 - 1' I mean so you know I mean um was a more guitar based pop album that also became a uh well um okay well smash hit sending the hits 'Hold Me Now' and 'Do You Believe' into the Canadian Top 40.
4854.txt: Warren's retirement as bishop was precipated by Doreen suffering a well you know so well um stroke in 1964 which left her paralysed and unable um like like uh uh to speak, he cared for her for the rest of her life.
3177.txt: Reynolds founded Global Environmental Energy Corp. , a public like um well like I mean company listed in the USA and Europe: and spearheaded the okay well well you know okay companies involvement in N. Africa and North East like well like uh okay Asia, before retiring due to ill health and leaving McCormack to commercialize the technology.
3949.txt: The characters in the novel do not hold as like I mean okay so so much textual importance as the things ( 'les choses' um so um uh like ) meticulously described throughout, which are the subject of okay I mean um well I mean frequent digressions even in passages focusing on the main characters.
4767.txt: Tyldesley (or) is a town in the Metropolitan Borough of well like well I mean so Wigan, Greater Manchester, England, north of Chat Moss uh so uh you know um near the foothills of the West Pennine Moors, east - southeast of Wigan and west - northwest of Manchester.
1485.txt: He served also as First Lord of the Admiralty in um you know well so uh the first two governments of Lord Salisbury (1885 - 1886; I mean um uh well okay 1886 - 1892), and as Secretary of State for India in Salisbury's last and under Balfour (1895 - 1903).
4617.txt: This cartoon also marks the final appearance of Spike in I mean I mean you know I mean so the MGM era, in the 2006 short The KarateGuard Spike appears again.
3305.txt: Several splitting of regencies occurred in 2003 and 2007, and well okay uh well so as of 2007, the list of regencies and cities in Gorontalo province is given in the table below.
3672.txt: The Coast Guard produces 179 NAPs during the war and later trained 37 NAPs between 1945 and 1948.
745.txt: Cholevas joined Olympiacos for a fee of around 500, 000 uh um like well so € plus 200, 000 € future incentives, signing I mean I mean um um you know a 3 - year contract on a 200, you know like you know um like 000 € annual salary, with a 20 % annual increase clause.
2541.txt: Lexington Police stopped Harrellson from throwing a okay so okay I mean I mean fine pair of 'jorts' after the team returned from Newark, New Jersey I mean okay uh like you know after dispatching the Tarheels of North Carolina in the Elite 8.
4688.txt: Though the tiger looked like it was more like you know well um so aggressive than the lion, their struggle became more like that okay you know like so like of dogs unable to beat each other, and they moved away from the witness, towards the creek.
2361.txt: Jennings achieved national prominence in the late 19th century, among you know uh um I mean uh his good horses was, 1887 Preakness Stakes winner Dunboyne, whom he bred, owned and trained.
4444.txt: The traditional territories of the Musqueam and Tsleil'waututh lie completely um you know uh uh you know within the region; the southern portion of Skwxwu7mesh (Squamish) traditional uh uh okay uh you know territory is also in the region -- its claims overlap those of the Tsleil - waututh, Musqueam, and Kwekwitlem.
2417.txt: KEWE - AM 1340 is a radio station based in Chico, California and licensed to Oroville, California, USA.
4586.txt: They held a distinct knowledge of celestial sciences that found okay so I mean you know um form in their architect a congregational space that was used chiefly uh um well um so for ceremonial purposes, was an integral part of this ancient people's community structure.
1154.txt: From here, passengers will be able to connect to I mean so so um I mean Kalindi Kunj and Noida Botanical Garden using the new line.
1881.txt: In 2003 he collaborated with Amber Benson to stage okay you know I mean um okay the play 'Albert Hall' in Los Angeles, California for Noah Wyle's 'Blank Theatre Company' and Schuldt's 'Lone Star Ensemble'.
1558.txt: He was still on good terms with Lauderdale, and backed well like well um I mean him against the other main party on the Privy Council, headed like well you know okay like by the 7th Earl of Rothes: in September he you know so uh so okay wrote to Lauderdale urging him to secure Rothes's resignation of the commissionership.
4906.txt: While filling with water, cracks begin to appear in the like well like so so dam on its upstream heel when the reservoir level was below its maximum operating level of above sea level.
2395.txt: Joseph Lambert Eustace (February 28, 1908 - November 2, 1996) was well okay like um so born as the second son of Reynold Lambert uh um I mean so like Eustace and Beatrice St. Hilaire Eustace of Mayreau in the St. Vincent Grenadines.
3789.txt: The National Science Education Standards (NSES) (1996) outlines six important aspects pivotal to inquiry learning in science education.
4743.txt: Track two, 'New Blues Old Bruise', features 'sampled um so um like um chorus effects' on its vocals created and well I mean uh I mean well a 'moody' production that was compared to the works of English rock band Pink Floyd.
1219.txt: Glues Jerrimatt's wings together; his name and four of okay okay um uh so his brothers make up Rachel's summoning name in 'For a Few Demons More'.
2544.txt: Life TV (known as Liberty TV until 5 well uh uh uh so October 2001) was a British television channel owned and uh well well so uh operated by Life TV Media, it launched in October um you know so okay I mean 2000 and was the first television channel from the company.
3711.txt: The Fox Chase - Newtown Rapid Transit Line uh I mean well like you know ended operations with little fanfare, as SEPTA management so you know well um well turned their attention to the electrified commuter lines they began so you know okay you know you know operating on January 1, 1983 (14 days before the end of Fox Chase - Newtown service).
279.txt: Alabbar is a Board Member of Abu Dhabi - um like uh I mean like based Eagle Hills and he also acts as um well uh well so a top adviser to Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, the leader of Dubai.
4770.txt: Tyson would continue to dominate the fight into well uh you know like I mean round 5 and, with a minute left in you know I mean so you know so the round, would continuously attack Bruno with powerful combinations.
3130.txt: Purchasing loyalty increases at higher levels of the Pyramid - uh well you know um okay consumers at the level of Bonding are likely to be active advocates of the brand.
2634.txt: Many universities have undergraduate and graduate degree programs in like like so um well actuarial science, and these programs usually have highly well uh well you know well specialized coursework schedules and series of exam preparation courses to well uh like well like prepare students for the actuarial exams and the insurance industry.
3794.txt: The Nazi emphasis was on creating the image, that Germany and like I mean you know okay okay Germanness are equal to Nazism, thus all non-Nazi aspects of German culture and identity were discriminated against as un-German.
2754.txt: Most recently, the 1991 explosion of Mount Pinatubo, another stratovolcano (located okay so I mean um um in the Philippines), cooled global temperatures for about 2 um okay um well well - 3 years, interrupting the trend of global warming which had been evident since about 1970.
1291.txt: He also owned two haciendas near Cali, called 'La uh okay you know okay I mean Manuelita' and 'El Paraíso' the latter would provide the setting for 'María'.
3324.txt: She began her career at Lindeberg SK, later joined Trosterud, she so um okay uh like then transferred to Vålerenga, where she played up to December like I mean uh like I mean 1999, and then in January 2000 signed a contract with uh uh well um okay Asker SK, a successful Toppserien team that in 2005 won the Norwegian Cup.
1899.txt: In 2009, Alia Vox published a CD and booklet of like you know like so well music performed by the Hespèrion XXI ensemble, including seven of Cantemir's compositions along with other Turkish, Armenian and Sephardic music.
2316.txt: Its distinctive case shape and clear dials make it an okay you know like I mean I mean irresistibly stylish piece. Rk and inspiration since the late 19 like like I mean like I mean th century, this striking image becoming firmly established as the 'Lovers' trademark.
4700.txt: Throughout the meal, the side dishes are served and eaten okay okay like uh so with the courses, depending upon one's taste or choice; side dishes are constantly replenished during any meal.
2721.txt: Mission Bay is served by the N Judah line so okay well like uh of San Francisco's Muni Metro and the Caltrain so uh um um um rail system that runs between San Francisco and San Jose / Gilroy.
2543.txt: Licensed to McArthur, Ohio, USA, the station is so uh okay you know like currently owned by Davis Broadcasting Media, Inc. And features programming from Westwood One.
3449.txt: So it was up to private individuals to provide priests, temples, uh you know I mean um um sacrifices for other deities and it was I mean well okay okay like for this purpose that many of the religious clubs were created.
4157.txt: The levels of endemism and that of species richness are you know I mean um I mean like frequently positive correlated; however, in some oceanic islands, well like like well uh there is high levels of endemism but the levels of species richness are quite low.
2429.txt: Katarina Srebotnik and Ai Sugiyama were the defending champions, um you know um you know you know but Sugiyama retired from the sport on Friday, October 02, 2009.
4112.txt: The history of the famous Valley of okay so so well like the Muses on the eastern slopes of well you know you know well you know Mount Helicon began in the 6th century B. C. Its greatest I mean so well uh you know period began from the 3rd century B. C like I mean you know like well. Onwards because of the 'Mouseia', festivals established and organised every 5 years by the Thespians.
2959.txt: One monument to cinema still remains just off uh uh okay well you know the Elephant The Cinema Museum a volunteer - run museum like like well okay like with screenings for the public of classic cinema and a vast collection of cinema memorabilia.
308.txt: Alpha Circini (α Cir, α Circini) is a variable like um um uh I mean star in the southern circumpolar constellation of Circinus, belonging to the class of rapidly oscillating Ap stars.
4751.txt: True Tales of Love, Lust, and Friendship Between Straight so like I mean I mean okay Women and Gay Men' features works by Andrew Solomon, you know you know uh uh um Cindy Chupack, Ayelet Waldman, Simon Doonan, David Ebershoff, Gigi Levangie Grazer, K. M. Soehnlein and others.
2722.txt: Mississippi Mills, was expelled from his party's caucus on um well you know like uh May 28, 2017 for having made controversial comments and announced he had joined the Trillium Party.
544.txt: Because of this Congressional Act, the MA rating is uh like so uh so recognized as one of the 'oldest' rating still existing uh um okay uh okay in today's modern U. S. Navy, which so so um you know um includes Boatswain's Mate (United States Navy), Gunner's Mate, Quartermaster, and Yeoman.
3159.txt: Red Fife was considered the 'Queen of every harvest for 40 um uh I mean okay I mean years or more', but Red Fife is a so you know uh uh you know landrace and did not meet the variety registration requirements for uniformity and stability.
1605.txt: Her younger son, Sigismund Rákóczi (1622 - 1652), was I mean you know I mean well well married to the daughter of Elizabeth of Bohemia, Henriette so you know so you know like Marie of Palatinate, and the older one, George II Rákóczi, became Prince of Transylvania.
422.txt: As a first - year law student in uh okay uh you know so 1891, Crawford (with Mike Murphy) coached the Michigan football team to a 4 -- 5 record.
2214.txt: It is endemic to Fiji, where it breeds on all the islands except Rotuma.
4491.txt: Their parents, the homeowners, have apparently just placed the home for okay uh you know okay um sale and then gone out of town, and the so I mean I mean like you know daughter thinks Lacey and Jake have been sent by the real estate company to view the house.
2087.txt: In the course of constructing the line, he discovered so you know so um so the Juruena river, in northern Mato Grosso which is an I mean like I mean uh well important tributary of the Tapajós river along with the okay okay uh like well discovered the Nambikwara tribe, which had until then killed all Westerners they had come in contact with.
1780.txt: In 1800, Davenport Church moved to Pocahontas Island in like you know so well like Petersburg, and renamed itself the Sandy Beach Baptist Church.
2459.txt: King John is said to have had a palace in okay uh so like so Downton on one of the islands by the Moot when well like uh you know like the palace was taken down and the stone like um well so um is thought to have been used in the construction called New Court House.
1256.txt: Haines Alaska is a one of the more northern so so well so I mean stops for the Alaska_Marine_Highway and many people who okay uh um well so travel in winter travel to Haines by ferry to avert travelling the Alcan_Highway (Alaska Highway).
2284.txt: It was directed by Hiro Murai and produced by Jason you know so okay so well Colon and Danielle Hinde, with editing by Isaac Hagy and cinematographery by Larkin Seiple.
3808.txt: The Pechenegs fought as waves of horse archers, firing arrows continuously, you know well you know you know well and relying on their wagon laager as a rallying point and last defence.
4265.txt: The park contains extensive woodlands and a series of turloughs I mean you know so like so with 6 kilometres of signposted nature trails plus a formal late 18th century walled garden.
748.txt: Chris Coyne is an Australian professional football player who okay um uh well I mean plays for Colchester United and for the Australian national football team as a centre back.
4161.txt: The location of the new buildings was chosen to um I mean I mean you know uh prevent the reduction in the size of the school's playing uh uh okay I mean you know fields, although a new food technology block has been built you know so so you know okay where the athletics area used to be around the back of the school.
2227.txt: It is not a fox, wolf, coyote, dog, or jackal, um uh well so okay but a distinct canid, although based only on morphological like um well like so similarities, it previously had been placed in 'Canis' and 'Vulpes' genera.
4644.txt: This production shortens the Wicked Witch's Castle scenes due to time limit, but uses the musical number' Hail!.
1811.txt: In 1930, while the Western Slovenia was under Italian control, uh I mean uh um okay strategic hills over Pivka were heavily fortified and included in uh um I mean I mean so the Alpine Wall system of defenses, which stretched from the Bay of Genoa to the Kvarner Gulf.
1763.txt: Ilisia is named from the Ilissos river, which rises I mean like um uh uh near Kaisariani on the slopes of Mount um you know like like you know Hymettus, and which, although Athens' historic river, is barely noticeable except in heavy rain.
4453.txt: The units of analysis in lexical semantics are lexical units, which can be free or bound morphemes.
2598.txt: Machine Intelligence 'AI' built to monitor and gather information, built well well like you know um into the ships' nose cone / antenna / communication section of Genitrix 23/Chalco - Doror.
4553.txt: These vessels have a secondary role involving anti pollution and um um you know like um are still in active service as of September 2014.
3067.txt: Phil Klay (; born 1983 ) is an American writer and United well well so you know I mean States Marine officer who won the National Book Award for I mean like like okay you know fiction in 2014 for his first book - length publication, a collection of short stories, 'Redeployment'.
4280.txt: The play famously featured a very young Charlie Chaplin I mean like okay I mean uh in one of his very first acting roles during its like you know um you know uh first London production, playing the character of Billy, who, in this movie, is played by Terry Kilburn.
19.txt: 'Ice Cream of Margie (with the Light Blue Hair)' like well so I mean uh is the seventh episode of 'The Simpsons' eighteenth so uh well okay uh season, originally airing on the Fox network in the United States on November 26, 2006.
3153.txt: Realizing the brand is meant for Camerlengo McKenna, they try you know like okay so so to call him to warn him but are confronted like okay I mean um okay by the assassin who spares their lives since they you know um okay well okay are not armed and he has not been paid to kill them.
2045.txt: In mid 2011, Federman began moving Octagon Commerce and well so uh okay I mean most of its then 95 employees from Brooklyn to Miami so you know uh uh I mean Lakes in Southern Florida, where he had refurbished a 100, well like uh you know well 000 - square - foot warehouse and announced plans to hire 250 more employees over the next three years.
119.txt: A subscription (Gold Membership) option is available for frequent players, allowing access to more activities than a free member.
4533.txt: There they remained in service until the military so so so um okay reforms of Nikita Khrushchev were enacted, favouring more effective you know so um um I mean missile systems over the super-heavy artillery and heavy tanks of the Stalinist era.
4448.txt: The two koala species co-existed during the Pleistocene; the reason so well I mean uh okay for the extinction of the larger of the two about 50, 000 years ago is unknown.
3131.txt: Queen Elizabeth II is the present sovereign and her heir apparent is uh um uh okay okay her eldest grandson, Prince William, Duke of Cambridge, the Prince of Wales's elder son.
3833.txt: The Showdown at Somerby was a regular golf tournament on I mean uh well um so the Nationwide Tour played at the Somerby Golf Club in Byron, Minnesota, USA.
4103.txt: The goal of this project is to promote connection and well um so uh well celebration as the residents join together in a community uh uh well um okay that is a hub for artists and quality education, picturesque environment, and caring neighbors.
2990.txt: Orpheus is met at the gates to hell by like uh uh um uh Charon, here played as a gum - chewing valley like so okay so you know girl, who refuses Orpheus entry and tells him to let Eurydice go ( 'Dear Eurydice' ).
3164.txt: Rehberger is a graduate of Hobart and William Smith okay you know I mean well I mean Colleges, and previously served as the weekday co-anchor for you know okay so um I mean WOFL - TV Orlando, FL, and was the morning and noon anchor of KOCO - TV in Oklahoma City, OK.
2572.txt: Lopez directed the film 'A Single Woman', which I mean um like so uh premiered in the United States Congress and has since been uh um like so um invited to screen at The Smithsonian Institution, The United Nations, The National Arts Club, and Yale University.
4995.txt: Zhang's grandfather, convinced that Renjie should become an official, purchased okay um you know okay um the office of 'Expectant Daotai' for him, and the family well you know like okay well arranged a marriage for him with Yao Hui, and the first of his five daughters was born in 1901.
1805.txt: In 1922, Smith signed million - dollar I mean uh uh like okay contract ($ 100, 000 per year for ten years), so like uh I mean I mean and in 1935, he signed a new contract, giving him $ 150, 000 a year.
2366.txt: Jim Mathias (D - Ocean City) is the Senator uh well well so well - Elect in District 38 of the Maryland State Senate and currently is a Delegate in the Maryland House of Delegates.
4618.txt: This category compiles all pages based solely as a uh I mean uh uh so list of members by band; his list does not include discographies, awards or other lists related to an artist.
2808.txt: Nf6, when 7. F4 and 7. Bg5 are the main so um so like so possibilities for White; however, 6... D6 is an independent alternative for Black.
2050.txt: In particular, Palmer traveled to Scotland in 1960, having well uh um so so already won both the Masters and U. S. Open, to well well like uh okay try to emulate Hogan's feat of 1953, of winning all three in a single year.
34.txt: 'Ten Feet Tall' is a 2014 single by Dutch music you know I mean I mean um um producer and DJ Afrojack featuring the piano playing and vocals you know so well well uh of American artist Wrabel, with 'Ten Feet Tall' becoming the first charting international hit of Wrabel.
1150.txt: From 1985 to 1995 Myśliwiec directed Polish - Egyptian excavations at um okay like well you know Tell Atrib (the Nile Delta), and since 1987 well uh you know you know I mean he has been directing a Polish - Egyptian archeological mission at Saqqara, at the west side of Pharaoh Zoser's Step Pyramid.
2348.txt: Jane P. Gray is a Wake County, North Carolina, United States, district judge from 2002 until retirement in 2012.
4682.txt: Thomas initially attended a Society of Friends school in Baltimore, and like like okay uh okay then transferred with her cousin Bessie to the Howland so uh you know like you know Institute in October 1872, a Quaker boarding school near Ithaca, New York.
1239.txt: Gray left Berwick Rangers at the end of the 2009/10 uh um so uh well season and joined Swedish outfit Ostersunds FK after a successful trial period.
301.txt: Allocating frequently used variables to registers can be critical like you know well like uh to a program's performance; this register allocation is performed either well like um uh okay by a compiler in the code generation phase, or manually by an assembly language programmer.
739.txt: Chief Isaak Wan Nikiau, its leader, was quoted by the okay like like okay I mean BBC from years past as saying that John Frum was 'our God, our Jesus,' and would eventually return.
85.txt: A hundred years later, on 15 January 1934, another earthquake completely I mean um uh okay uh destroyed the first tower, and only two of the 11 stories of the second tower remained.
1610.txt: Heterotrichs, which are among the largest protozoans, have around their uh like um um okay 'mouths' a spiral of polykinetids, groups of cilia that work um like you know uh um in groups to produce a current that draws food into the 'mouth'.
1687.txt: Howard Devoto, Dave Formula, Barry Adamson and John Doyle uh I mean well like like and former Devoto collaborator Noko on guitar in place of guitarist John McGeoch, who died in 2004.
1598.txt: Her name was struck from the Navy List on you know um so I mean so 15 June 1966, and she was sold to Taiwan on 12 July 1966.
2704.txt: Middleton on the Hill is a village in north east Herefordshire, England, near the border with Worcestershire.
1473.txt: He released his results within a day, although so uh um so so testimony at trial suggested that there was nothing abnormal about the report taking just one day.
3351.txt: She is a popular singer who is considered a okay so okay uh I mean idol in Japan during the 1970's, and is thought to be representative of that era.
3332.txt: She decides that the next man she will try uh okay uh well well to seduce will be Richard and while Trish is away so like uh um I mean invites him over to her apartment, where she also serves him a concoction.
4527.txt: There is no Railway station to Walavne, but uh I mean um um okay the nearest railway station is one in Ranjangaon Road, one of the small village in Parner taluka.
370.txt: Animals at Moscow Zoo found it hard to keep you know so I mean okay uh cool and staff prevented the walruses from bathing in their pool because the water was too warm for them.
223.txt: After his track days, Hinds signed with the so okay you know like okay Toronto Argonauts of the CFL and played 8 uh okay you know you know uh games in 1984 and 1985, before a knee injury ended his football career.
367.txt: Angelo Soliman (born c. 1721, in present - day like like you know you know so Cameroon, Africa; died 21 November 1796 in Vienna) was the uh so I mean like uh first valet and royal tutor of Aloys I, Prince of Liechtenstein.
380.txt: Another article of the same decade carrying the headline so uh okay okay okay 'Sooner or later Love is defeated by Scandal', enumerates so well well so um the love affairs of Brigitte Bardot, all the while keeping moralising criticism of the star to a minimum.
1062.txt: Feeling that Alberta was losing a vital part of okay you know I mean so you know its heritage, Reynolds extended his collection to include tractors, um like well uh uh steam engines and airplanes. Reynlds also kept detailed files on every piece he collected.
1652.txt: His next move was to Bahrain where he was appointed as the I mean um you know so you know manager of Al - Ahli Club, then Al - Muharraq SC and later Al - Najma.
3716.txt: The Garnet Orb is the last talisman to appear and it belongs to Setsuna Meioh.
4460.txt: The video is a re-edit of the original, which was directed by Paul Hunter.
4534.txt: There was a further restoration carried out in 1922 after well I mean I mean so uh the calvary was declared a 'Monument Historique' in so well um I mean well 1921 and became the only calvary in Côtes d'Armor to be given such protection.
2933.txt: On Wednesday 20 June the loyalist protesters blocked like um so you know like the front gates of the school and forced it to well um I mean well um close, while officers of the Royal Ulster Constabulary (RUC) advised parents not to attempt to enter the school.
171.txt: Actin is a globular protein (~ 43 kDa) which so so so I mean well polymerizes and forms into an ordered filament structure you know well like okay um which has two protofilaments wrapping around each other, to form you know so you know you know okay a single 'actin filament' ( previously referred to as 'microfilament' ).
3568.txt: Tees - side Airport railway station serves Durham Tees like so you know well you know Valley Airport in the borough of Darlington and the ceremonial county of County Durham, England.
1637.txt: His first NHL goal was scored on October 17, 2013, I mean I mean uh so uh a powerplay goal against Jonathan Bernier of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
2488.txt: La Familia is a rap group from Romania, so like so like uh formed in 1997 and it haves 2 members Puya and Sişu uh so I mean okay so ( Now in prison because he's drug addiction ).
397.txt: Arci - Associazione Ricreativa Culturale Italiana is the biggest I mean well like so well Italian non-profit association not linked with the Catholic Church, with um I mean I mean you know uh 4796 cultural centers (2016) and a million of members in all Italian Regions.
1848.txt: In 1987, the squadron earned a second CNO Safety 'S', a um so uh um so Navy Unit Commendation and the Battle E for the squadron's second consecutive award.
3217.txt: Route 311 next climbs Catawba Mountain and intersects the Appalachian Trail before descending into the Catawba Valley.
767.txt: Clear Channel CEO, Bob Pittman and Sean Parker will share okay you know uh so like their vision for the future as keynotes, as um so uh I mean um every sector of the evolving new music business convenes to discuss uh I mean like well okay their perspectives for the exciting new future for the music business.
2881.txt: On 21 April the Lawrence was batted and the only craft well like uh well um upon which James Murray could lay hands, the ship was like uh you know I mean I mean sent eastward to hasten Lord Colville's fleet when it should arrive in the river.
3015.txt: POSIX Threads, or Pthreads, is a POSIX standard for threads.
4085.txt: The following week, Platt announced she was going to become uh I mean um like so a presenter as well as a singer; in 2016, she I mean um so well well will present the CBBC kids talent show 'Got What It Takes?' with Carrie Fletcher.
1905.txt: In 2010, the House of Habib formed the Habib University um well um I mean like Foundation (a not - for - profit organization) with um I mean you know like like its decision to launch the Habib University with a grant of US $ 40 million.
1043.txt: Ezekiel 'Kell' Brook (born 3 May 1986) is a British professional I mean like I mean uh okay boxer who has held the IBF welterweight title since uh um like well um 2014, and has challenged once for the unified middleweight titles in 2016.
4860.txt: Weidmann's was opened in 1870 by Swiss born Felix Weidmann, like um okay well you know previously an ocean liner chef, as a restaurant - hotel called the European House.
676.txt: By the late 1980s he had become one of New Zealand's so I mean okay okay so most recognised actors on his own soil. He was like like okay I mean I mean a much loved feature of many local films made between 1981 like like you know okay you know and 1986, and continued to act in occasional NZ productions through until 1993.
4143.txt: The journalist who initially investigated the matter, Robert so I mean um um okay Ovadia, has allegedly been denied an interview by Morrison, um uh you know um uh however interviews have been granted to the ABC News, well I mean okay well um which have failed to raise the issues raised by Ovadia.
4319.txt: The renovations were designed by Witherford Watson Mann Architects, which won the 2013 RIBA Stirling Prize.
4364.txt: The short - lived monarchy (1914 -- 1925) was succeeded by like okay so um you know an even shorter - lived first Albanian Republic okay well well so so (1925 -- 1928), to be replaced by another monarchy (1928 -- 1939).
2921.txt: On March 2, 1901 the U. S. Congress passed okay you know okay I mean like the Spooner Amendment to the Army Appropriation Act, providing well okay you know like you know legislative authority for the President to proceed with the establishment of a civil government in the Philippines.
595.txt: Bogotá, Buenos Aires, Caracas, Guatemala City, Guayaquil, Havana, so so okay like okay Lima, Los Angeles, Managua, Mexico City, Miami, New like well um um I mean York, Panama City, Quito, Santo Domingo, San Salvador, San Pedro Sula, Tegucigalpa, Toronto.
1350.txt: He graduated from the Department of Architecture of the Tallinn Art okay um like you know like University ( today's Estonian Academy of Arts ) in I mean um I mean like uh 1991, and now works in the Alver Arhitektid OÜ architectural bureau.
2108.txt: In the song, Cora, the Indian maiden, is praising the okay you know well um so wind: ' Oh! the wild free wind is a Spirit Kind, And it loves the Indian well.
376.txt: Anne Geneviève de Lévis (February 1673 -- 20 March well I mean like well well 1727) was a French noblewoman and Princess of Soubise by marriage.
3270.txt: Scott Peterson was arrested on April 18, 2003, in uh okay um okay I mean La Jolla, California, in the parking lot of a you know I mean well um I mean golf course, where he claimed to be meeting his father and brother for a game of golf.
3260.txt: Sathers' telemarketing initiative is considered one of the earliest implementations of I mean well so so like this process where orders were taken by phone and the customers would unpack and stock the shelves themselves.
3166.txt: Rennes - le - Château was in Septimania I mean you know so well um during the 6th and 7th centuries, during so okay um uh like the trying period when the Visigoths had been defeated um so you know um I mean by the Frankish King Clovis I, and was considered to like uh well you know well be the center of the county of Razès during the 19th - century.
3231.txt: Russian demographers E. M. Andreev, L. E. Darski so I mean like okay I mean and T. L. Kharkova (ADK) authored a study of the well okay okay so okay Soviet population from 1922 - 1991 which was published by the I mean uh okay okay okay Russian Academy of Science in 1993 estimated total Soviet population losses of 26. 6 million in the war.
3723.txt: The Government moved that he be suspended, but you know like well okay like Mr. Baldwin was supported by the Opposition 'Coalition' and by independent I mean you know so I mean um MP Rob Oakeshott and WA Nationals MP Tony um so okay I mean okay Crook, and the resulting vote on suspending Mr. Baldwin for 24 hours failed 71 - 72.
2175.txt: It contains approximately 150 young, very hot stars that you know like so um I mean are many times larger and more massive than the Sun um well like um so. Such stars live for only a few million years before exhausting their hydrogen fuel, due to their extreme luminosity.
2530.txt: Leni Björklund holds a honorary doctorate degree from the Karolinska well well um I mean um Institute, a Stockholm medical university, which she might've gotten because of her boyfriend, professor Jan - Åke Gustafsson.
1695.txt: However, Vance left the play during okay I mean okay like well its out - of - town tryouts, later saying well okay uh well like she felt the role was not right for her and I mean I mean like um um asked the show's producers to be let out of her contract.
59.txt: A cash settlement at the expiry of the contract well uh like okay um will fund the financial loss incurred by any like um um uh uh rise in the physical jet fuel, allowing the companies to better measure future cash flows.
1713.txt: However, in late 2001, Diller suddenly sold the stations I mean well um um you know to Univision, which converted them into Spanish language outlets; some uh uh like uh uh affiliated with Univision, but most joined its new sister network, Telefutura, which launched in January 2002.
3516.txt: Strand Road (Bengali: স্ট্র্যান্ড রোড) is an important commercial street uh um well like I mean in downtown Chittagong, Bangladesh, located alongside docks of the Port of Chittagong.
1131.txt: Francisco Montes Reina (January 13, 1804 - April 4, 1851), nicknamed um you know like well well 'Paquiro', was a famous matador, born in Chiclana de la Frontera, Cádiz Province, Spain.
3162.txt: Regents is home to a 4 - time I mean okay okay I mean so state champion football team, which won three state titles I mean okay so like uh in 2001, 2002, 2003 in divisions 1A and 2A in 6 - man football.
804.txt: County Route 66 is Deer Park Road East in Dix like I mean well I mean uh Hills, serving as a connecting spur between NY 231 (via CR 35) and NY 25.
416.txt: As Conrad works through his minefield of I mean like I mean so well emotions with Dr. Berger and learns to try to confront rather so uh well well uh than control them, he starts dating Jeannine (Elizabeth McGovern), a beautiful, kind and nonjudgmental girl from his school choir.
4600.txt: They were popular for a brief period; however, the uh well you know like like market for such adaptations all but disappeared with the advent of like I mean like okay so video, and publication of 'photonovels' ( or 'fotonovels', as some publishers called them ) ceased in the early 1980s.
2845.txt: Not all RDS equipment supports this, but it is often available for automotive navigation systems.
1112.txt: For the series' first two seasons, Wheeljack does not join well um you know um okay Team Prime, preferring instead to travel around on his own, so uh well okay I mean but he joins the Wrecker sub-group of Team Prime in um you know like okay okay the third season, after Starscream shoot down the Jack - Hammer.
284.txt: Alfred Romer was born in White Plains, New York, I mean uh like I mean like and studied at Amherst College and Columbia University, graduating with a doctorate in zoology in 1921.
234.txt: After quitting high school he met an Armenian music okay well um so so band, using their instruments he learned music by experience and after um I mean well so you know a while he became the guitar player in the band.
1007.txt: Emir Fakhr ad - Din was killed so um well um uh during the sudden attack and the crusade force advanced um like uh uh like toward the town of Al Mansurah where Robert d'Artois uh so so like I mean was killed and the crusade force was annihilated According to Al - Maqrizi, about 1500 crusaders were killed.
1752.txt: If a player chooses to take down the don't you know like I mean well okay pass line bet, he or she can no uh uh uh like you know longer lay odds behind the don't pass line, but can I mean uh I mean okay like still lay odds on any specific inside number (4, 5, 6, 8, 9, 10).
4799.txt: Unlike the original implementations of Prolog, it has a separate um um um like okay compilation phase, rather than being directly interpreted, which allows um um well I mean so a much wider range of errors to be caught before running a program.
4033.txt: The ferry runs from Ferry Lane in Shepperton to the like like I mean so um south bank of the river a short walk you know I mean okay uh I mean from Thames Street, Weybridge, and is situated just below Shepperton Lock on the reach above Sunbury Lock.
4543.txt: Therefore, part of the ceremonial county is in the Yorkshire like I mean I mean you know okay and the Humber region of England, and most is in well so you know well uh the East Midlands region; the county is the only in the United Kingdom to be in two different regions.
1037.txt: Examples incluse the Norwegian Leopard AMCV - a Leopard so so okay I mean like tank with a Hagglunds flail system and the German Minenraeumpanzer Keiler, based on a M48 Patton main battle tank.
4697.txt: Throughout his career, Lowe was known for um I mean um I mean um his distinctive bald head, full beard, and considerable belly, and liked to call himself 'the world's oldest game designer'.
2900.txt: On August 12, 1985, a Hispanic female aged between sixteen well um so okay so and twenty was found inside a vacant store with a man who was identified as Thomas Rodriguez.
385.txt: Another shorter arrangement of 'The Dream Oath' also appears in you know well so like like 'More Friends - music from FINAL FANTASY ~ Final like I mean uh I mean I mean Fantasy Orchestra Concert in Los Angeles 2005 ~', titled 'Opera - Maria and Draco', and performed in English.
3290.txt: Senator Rice is the Chairman of the Joint Committee on Public so okay I mean well like Schools, and the Community & Urban Affairof Health, Human Services, and Senior Citizens Committee.
3796.txt: The Network Information Center (NIC), later known as like okay well I mean okay InterNIC, was the Internet governing body primarily responsible for domain I mean like you know you know you know name allocations from 1972 until September 18, 1998 when this role uh um like well well was assumed by the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN).
993.txt: Eleanor Roosevelt Dingman (Ellie) is an 11 - year - you know like okay um uh old girl who lives on Witch Tree Lane and, well you know uh uh well along with the other people who live on the street, is hated by the other children in school.
677.txt: By the time Allen left in 1901, nearly all of like okay well well um the governor's 11 - member Executive Council were U you know um okay I mean uh. S. Expatriates, and half the appointive offices in the like you know uh so you know government of Puerto Rico had been given to visiting Americans, 626 of them at top salaries.
3820.txt: The River Plate presented new opportunities for these captains so uh well like well of free enterprise particularly to keep grain lines open uh like okay like like to the North of the continent and the Spanish stood in the way.
465.txt: Ashama ibn Abjar, the Christian King of Axum (Abyssinia) al um uh um I mean well - ­ Najāshī, gave them refuge and protection and I mean so well um uh refused the requests of the Quraish clan to send these refugees back to Arabia.
1946.txt: In February 2012 it was announced that the Emperor would be okay like you know I mean well having a coronary examination; he underwent successful heart bypass surgery on 18 February 2012.
733.txt: Charlotte Hatherley (born Charlotte Franklin Hatherley, 20 June 1979, London) uh okay so uh well is best known as being the former guitarist well uh uh okay like for Ash, but has since found success as a solo artist and is the touring bassist for Client.
1400.txt: He is currently playing for Conference North side Histon.
2334.txt: Jacques Pierre Brissot (January, 1754 - October 31, I mean um well uh um 1795), who assumed the name of de Warville, a celebrated you know uh well like well French Girondist, was born at Chartres, where his father was an inn - keeper.
794.txt: Continuing north to northeast LA 27 enters DeRidder as South well well okay you know okay Pine Street and intersects with US 171/US 190 at the northern terminus.
4606.txt: This, along with pictures of the Queen of Afghanistan uh I mean okay you know um in western attire without a headscarf, upset the ultra so well uh um okay conservative Shinwari tribe and resulted in calls for the banishment of the King and the Queen from Afghanistan.
187.txt: After Diablo's defeat, Tyrael recovers the Black Soulstone, like okay you know I mean well and knowing it is too dangerous to leave in the okay okay so well like hands of mortals or angels, takes the Black Soulstone back to well you know so I mean uh Sanctuary and attempts to seal it away where it can never be found.
2391.txt: Johnson sailed out of Gloucester, Massachusetts to cross the Atlantic um you know I mean you know okay Ocean in an open dory named 'Centennial'; his voyage, which well like um like you know arose from a dare with his friends over I mean you know uh you know so a game of cards, was timed to celebrate the first centennial of the United States.
1488.txt: He served as head coach at Texas Christian University from well so like so well 1967 to 1970, compiling a record of 15 -- 25 -- 1 before he was fired following the 1970 season.
867.txt: Determined to meet the needs of their growing customer base, you know you know well I mean um the two partners designed and implemented a specialized well uh uh uh like manufacturing line -- when the first production batch rolled um like well okay uh out, Jack and Jason's Pancakes & Waffles was officially up and running.
1005.txt: Emerson became Oakley's assistant and partner, living and working out of I mean so um well well Oakley's studio, Cogslea, on a number of projects, including Oakley's Harrisburg murals project.
2628.txt: Many hypotheses exist as to the naming of Valcourt, okay uh um so okay the first is situated in the fact that a small you know um okay okay you know valley in French would be a 'val court'.
4153.txt: The latter won the BAFTA Award for Best Cinematography and he received Academy Award nominations for both films.
2964.txt: One of only two tracks on the album um so well uh so to be written entirely by Bowie, it was released as a okay okay well okay I mean single ahead of the album and charted in uh like you know well okay the Top Ten in the UK and the United States, reaching No. 6 and No. 8, respectively.
2504.txt: Later, Sam realizes that the survivors are dying in I mean um so um well the order they were meant to die like um like okay uh on the bridge; they realize that Nathan is next on Death's list.
4168.txt: The main façade is dominated by the bell okay um okay um you know tower and the assertive semi-circular apse, which features a blind arcade of simple columns and Romanesque arches.
3780.txt: The Melbourne Tigers are Australia's oldest and most so I mean well I mean I mean respected men's professional basketball teams which competes in the National Basketball League (NBL).
4577.txt: They convince Marge to give the puppies one more chance, like um um okay you know but at the end of a near - perfect dinner party, uh well uh um okay the puppies pop out of the turkey, horrifying and disgusting the guests.
2809.txt: Nicholas 'Nick' Tuzzolino (born January 19, 1986 in Buffalo, New you know um I mean you know like York) is an American professional ice hockey Defenceman who I mean um well well well currently plays for the Abbotsford Heat in the American Hockey League.
3413.txt: Since 1995, Trøim has been a director of SeaTankers you know uh so uh um Management in Cyprus, taking the Greenwich Group to the public markets.
737.txt: Cheryl Perera a Canadian children's rights activist and founder um well I mean you know so of OneChild, a non-governmental organization which seeks to eliminate the commercial sexual exploitation of children abroad.
3842.txt: The St. George Theatre's interior is a variety of Spanish okay um okay okay okay and Italian Baroque styles. The Island's newest movie so well um like like and vaudeville house outshone most of its competitors of the day, including Manhattan's Capitol Theatre on Broadway.
2652.txt: Martin Laursen (born 26 July 1977 in Fårvang) is a retired like well like uh um Danish professional football player who had most recently been the captain of Aston Villa.
246.txt: After strand invasion, a DNA polymerase extends the so so I mean um so invading 3' strand, changing the D - loop to cross-shaped structure known as a Holliday junction.
814.txt: Cuney was a member of the Union League and okay okay well um I mean helped to unionize black workers in Galveston substantially improving employment opportunities and educational opportunities for blacks in the city.
4450.txt: The union proved a happy one to the end; unlike his father's, there was no adultery in his marriage.
1754.txt: If the light sources are placed at different positions, with um so like like well X and Y closer together than Y and uh I mean uh okay okay Z, the temporal interval between the X and Y flashes is well well so I mean like perceived to be shorter than that between the Y and Z flashes TAU - AND KAPPA - EFFECTS.
1533.txt: He was born in the late 15th century to I mean okay like so well one of the prostitutes working in a brothel: he has um so okay like I mean claimed he didn ´ t know which of the prostitutes was his mother, but loved them all nevertheless.
4457.txt: The vehicle made its first subsonic free - flight okay um I mean I mean okay test in 1976 when, taking off under its own uh well okay like um power from an old dirt strip near Moscow, it so you know uh um I mean was flown by pilot A. G. Festovets to the Zhukovskii flight test center, a distance of 19 miles.
1797.txt: In 1907, Silent's son Chester died in a like you know um you know I mean hunting accident, to which the former judge responded by largely I mean um like well you know withdrawing from his legal practice and devoting his time to real estate projects.
2575.txt: Lotte Hellinga FBA (born 1932) is a book historian, formerly deputy keeper British Library.
1373.txt: He has served on the U. S. Securities and Exchange Commission's well uh you know well like Federal Advisory Committee on Market Transactions, and on the you know well like um like Board of Directors of the American Judicature Society and is an active member of the American Law Institute.
681.txt: CAS features on Tricky's EP 'Obia' released on 30 September 2016: okay like like so I mean he contributesd his lyrics to a reworked version of 'Does I mean so okay you know like It' ( the single is originally from Tricky's 'False Idols' album ).
534.txt: Baylor University Medical Center is a 933 - bed general okay so um like I mean medical and surgical facility with 37, 580 admissions in the most recent year reported.
4003.txt: The design, originated by Philibert de l'Orme, was also used at Jefferson's Monticello; somewhat inspired by the ancient Pantheon in Rome.
2345.txt: James the Fat would never return to Scotland, and he was you know you know so uh I mean unable to inherit the Albany estates, which were forfeited following his father's trial and execution.
1785.txt: In 1847 he invented the soft metric ribbon and um um um like you know took Esmod internationally by publishing his cutting methods books in German and English.
3279.txt: Secondly, few people found the cave, and no one um like um like um could get the treasures, which belong to the Tatars, the Bashkirs, or 'the Old People'.
3934.txt: The building was designed by Architect Geoffrey Bawa and built with okay so I mean well um Sri Lankan funds. On 29 April 1982, the new parliamentary complex was declared open by President J. R. Jayewardene.
342.txt: Amit has a very sensitive mindset, so please mind your language when talking to him.
1379.txt: He has written on political science, exploring how game um um um well like theory would treat social contracts; his analyses are influenced by John Rawls 'A Theory of Justice' and John Harsanyi's writings.
2818.txt: Nikita Igorevich Kucherov (; born 17 June 1993 ) I mean uh you know like okay is a Russian professional ice hockey right winger currently playing well uh uh so like for the Tampa Bay Lightning of the National Hockey League (NHL).
4538.txt: There was some speculation about the identity and content well um well uh like of the videos, including suggestions that it may have like you know like I mean I mean been spy messages, contact by extraterrestrial life - forms, or construction plans.
3650.txt: The British first detected T52 traffic in the summer okay uh like you know uh and autumn of 1942 on a link between like I mean well you know well Sicily and Libya, codenamed 'Sturgeon', and another from the Aegean to Sicily, codenamed 'Mackerel'.
4227.txt: The north and south towers were completed in 2006 I mean um I mean you know uh and 2008, respectively, and stand on Bay Street just south of like uh um um um College Street near the historic College Park department store.
4813.txt: Using the Mukden Incident as a pretext, the so okay okay like well begins, caused in part by the collectivization of agriculture of the First Five - Year Plan.
3931.txt: The book publishing industry in South Africa is relatively um like so well like small, but it is nevertheless a key factor in um okay like okay okay its economy - there are more than 120 um uh well you know you know publishers in the country, according to the Publishers' Association of South Africa (PASA).
3497.txt: Stanton captained Hibs to their 1972 League Cup win well you know uh well um and also led them in their centenary year, but like uh so okay um left the club in 1976 when he was transferred well like I mean you know okay to Celtic in a swap deal that took Jackie McNamara, Sr. To Hibs.
4662.txt: This version of Sanji is a Martian Martial Artist with tentacles and pointed ears.
4283.txt: The plot integrates the buddy cop film genre with okay like um you know um a science fiction theme centering on a union I mean like well uh uh between a veteran police detective Matthew Sykes (Caan) and George Francisco (Patinkin), the first alien Newcomer detective.
2410.txt: Julio Javier Marchant is a Footballer from Santiago del Estero, Argentina he currently plays for CD Nacional.
1554.txt: He was present at Suvorov's capture of Izmail and received you know uh I mean okay uh from the Russian Empress Catherine the Great the Cross of St George and a golden sword.
1571.txt: He won two - man and four - man well so I mean like so World Cup at 2014 - 15 season when he like well you know okay well had 15 (from 16) podium finishes in two - man and four - man events, including seven first places.
143.txt: Aasim ( born 'Leroy Watson' in 1978 in (Jamaica, you know okay okay uh okay Queens), New York ) is an so I mean I mean okay I mean American rapper, who first began rapping at the age of 12, and okay uh well you know so signed his record deal with Schott Free of Loud Records at 17.
3981.txt: The content focuses on the titular event in like okay you know I mean I mean the 'Fallout' timeline before the Great War took place, like you know like well like in which the United States Army liberated Anchorage, Alaska, from Chinese forces.
77.txt: A graduate student of mathematics, he pores over several old documents and comes to acknowledge Thomasina's genius.
2447.txt: Khan is resealed in his cryogenic pod and stored like you know okay you know uh away with his crew, and rebuilt 'Enterprise' departs for a five - year mission of exploration.
3773.txt: The MG 15 was a 7. 92 mm machine gun well um like like okay developed by Rheinmetall - Borsig during World War II as a derivative of the company's MG 30 infantry weapon.
659.txt: But the majority admit it is still boosting their numbers okay I mean I mean you know you know and streamlining the submission process, while voicing concerns about its business so okay well I mean I mean practices - in particular the exclusivity requirement for uh so like um I mean the service (potentially establishing a form of monopoly), which was removed late 2012 following media attention.
1980.txt: In Season 3, she continues illegal 'A' activities and by the you know uh well uh um end of the season is kicked off the so I mean you know so okay 'A' team and becomes a victim of 'A' along with the other girls.
1791.txt: In 1883, Cantor extended the natural numbers okay okay um okay I mean with his infinite ordinals, and used sets of ordinals like well I mean you know like to produce an infinity of sets having different infinite cardinalities.
2270.txt: It was also the basis for the Cadillac Seville's K I mean like like well I mean platform and many components were shared with the contemporary F platform.
1676.txt: Hogs and Heifers Saloon is a Bar located in New York uh um um you know well City opened in 1992 created by Allan Dell and his two friends, a carpenter and a graphic design artist.
185.txt: Afia Masood (née Khan), played by Meryl Fernandes, appeared in five like well well um like episodes between 29 December 2009 and 5 January 2010, and returned on 18 November 2010.
2095.txt: In the late 18th and early 19th centuries, the 'Warrior Trail' was widened and became known as the Berwick Turnpike.
4.txt: 'ADAPTOGENS: Herbs for Strength, Stamina, and Stress Relief,' Healing Arts I mean like I mean well uh Press, 2007 - contains a detailed monograph on Schisandra chinensis as well as highlights health benefits.
765.txt: Clarke's nucleus is the origin of the dorsal okay I mean well you know okay spinocerebellar tract, a way in which stretch receptor um uh uh uh you know and other mechanoreceptive information from the leg reaches the ipsilateral cerebellar vermis and intermediate zone.
245.txt: After starting a fight in the mess hall, Han is dragged uh you know I mean like like to an isolation cell for punishment where he overpowers the guards and escapes disguised in one of their uniforms.
1329.txt: He detached his baggage train, 100 infantry and 20 cavalry you know well well like okay under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Hamilton to Bell's well well I mean you know um Mills further down the Deep River, then set off with so um I mean you know so his main force, before breakfast could be eaten, arriving at Guilford at midday.
3163.txt: Reginald Hargreaves Harris (Reg) (March 1, 1920 - June 22, 1992) um like like like you know was a British track racing cyclist whose ferocious will to win made him a household name in the 1950s.
299.txt: Allen has a daughter named Milan she was born on October 22nd, 2013.
1149.txt: From 1932 he was also part - time Ophthalmologist like so like um okay to the Queensland School Health Services, was in charge of so like okay I mean like the Wilson Ophthalmic Hostel for Trachomatous Children and made four trachoma surveys in western Queensland.
4839.txt: Virasat is a cultural festival that celebrates all uh uh well uh um aspects of Indian cultural heritage that is held at various educational institutions across India.
2304.txt: It was the first time such a ruling had you know you know well so okay been handed down in Australian football, the decision uh well well like uh saw the club forfeit its final three matches of the season.
1762.txt: Ilghazi was also waiting for reinforcements from Toghtekin, the Burid I mean you know well well um emir of Damascus, but he too was tired or waiting, I mean um well I mean uh and he surrounded Roger's camp during the night of June 27.
1667.txt: Historical comparative sociology differs from historical sociology by focusing on three main issues: causal relationships, processes over time and comparisons.
4243.txt: The orchestral version was first performed at a Concert Lamoureux under okay you know uh well so the baton of Charles Lamoureux on November 25, 1888, while um I mean so you know um the choral version premiered three days later at a concert of the Société Nationale de Musique.
4940.txt: With William Seward at State, Salmon P. Chase at the um you know okay uh you know Treasury, and (from 1862) Edwin Stanton at the War Department, um you know uh okay like Lincoln had a powerful cabinet of determined men; except you know well um I mean so for monitoring major appointments, Lincoln gave them full rein to destroy the Confederacy.
1008.txt: Emperor He Di, age 14, is put to death and Wu Di becomes ruler of the Liang Dynasty.
1849.txt: In 1988, they participated in the Turkish under contest uh you know uh uh okay for the Eurovision song contest by their song 'Resimler Resimler', but they couldn't win the contest.
2436.txt: Kelley has specialized in the field of child abuse, you know I mean so so so since 1979 and has appeared as a featured um like I mean like well expert on child abuse on national programs including the Today Show, NBC Evening News and CBS Morning News.
574.txt: Between the southern terminus and Lee Avenue in Trenton, the route like I mean you know so uh is a freeway that includes a tunnel that was you know um um so I mean built along the river near historic houses and a cemetery.
4247.txt: The origin of the name is contested with Westminster's so um you know so you know Chief Lord of the Woods and Forests, Sir Benjamin you know okay um you know well Hall, a large and ponderous man known affectionately in the okay so uh like well House as 'Big Ben', rose and gave an impressively long speech on the subject.
3475.txt: Soon after, he was brought to Greece to play for I mean okay uh well well Ethnikos Piraeus and in 2001 -- 02 he was transferred to Panachaiki.
4320.txt: The rent was HK $ 14 a month, while the okay um so I mean you know rent for a commercial store downstairs was HK $ 100 per month.
2734.txt: Monica, Ross and Emily go in to reconnoiter the you know well I mean okay so hall in which the wedding will take place -- it's where well um okay like uh Emily's parents got married, and the wedding will like like uh I mean um be the last event to take place in it before it gets demolished.
873.txt: Digital Video Interactive (DVI) was the first multimedia desktop so okay okay um you know video standard for IBM - compatible personal computers, developed you know I mean so okay I mean around 1984 by Section 17 of The David Sarnoff Research Center Labs (DSRC) then a division of RCA.
2342.txt: James Curtiss (born: April, 1803; died: November 2, 1859; buried okay I mean so like um in City Cemetery) served as mayor of Chicago, Illinois (1847 - 1848) for the Democratic Party.
646.txt: Built in the Renaissance style, the original complex was you know um I mean so um damaged during the Siege of Siena in 1554 and so uh uh like well after it was rebuilt in the Baroque period and restored between 1922 and 1932.
2174.txt: It consists of three main themes, the first being chordal with a walking pace feel.
2844.txt: Norwegian singer Sondre Lerche covered 'Countdown' in December 2011 well I mean okay um I mean as a 'Christmas gift' and his favorite song of the year.
4126.txt: The independently financed blockbuster helped to make like like uh you know like him an international star everywhere but in the United okay like you know well so States, where the actors' Australian accents were dubbed with American accents.
3340.txt: She graduated from School of Performing Arts Seoul in well I mean okay um well February 2017 and has been admitted to the Department of Broadcasting and Entertainment of Dongduk Women's University.
6.txt: ' After a lawsuit by Ray Lynch for allegedly not paying well so okay uh okay him, the company was foreclosed by Security Pacific Bank I mean so uh you know well on November 1991 with all of its assets sold by June 1992.
632.txt: Brendan completed his schooling with good qualifications, and started in uh you know uh um well an office job training to be an accountant, which he loathed.
45.txt: 'You're Gon na Go Far, Kid 'is so um uh so like the second single and third track on the The Offspring's 2008 album 'Rise and Fall, Rage and Grace'.
2626.txt: Many have cited the downpoint of the album being the poor well so like like you know production, guitar player Christian Olde Wolbers has stated that I mean uh uh well well it was hard to have a producer do everything, where usually okay so you know well you know they are more involved with the people that they work with.
828.txt: Daniel Jr. Was born in Virginia in 1752 and um so like okay well died in Alabama on Feb. 4, 1837 and was buried at Mulberry Hill cemetery in Moscow, Lamar County, Alabama.
3221.txt: Rudolph has two children, son Marc and daughter Maya, of 'Saturday Night Live'.
1897.txt: In 2007 Maclean won National Youth Week's People's Choice you know okay like like well award for his debut record 'Airport People', he also successfully uh well you know um um won the National Youth Week Industry award for a short story he wrote in 2008.
2283.txt: It was digitally released on iTunes on 17 September 2014 so I mean you know like I mean and released officially on 18 September 2014 at the Leela Palace Hotel in Chennai.
1685.txt: Hotaru is a hero from the realm of Seido you know okay well uh I mean or Orderrealm, and devotes himself to preserving law uh you know so you know so and order at any cost, so much so that he could be described as a zealot.
3458.txt: Some Squiers that are sold only like like um like uh in the Chinese and Asian markets are made by like I mean well you know so Axl in China, these guitars usually have the serial number starting with CXS; with the 'X' standing for 'Axl'.
2806.txt: Next is the loved Bea Zobel known for well you know uh okay okay her great efforts in trying to promote the country you know okay I mean well so she loves so much she was widowed 12 so okay uh you know I mean years ago but has managed to raise 3 charming children the um okay um uh like eldest Jaime Urquijo Zobel followed by Paloma Urquijo Zobel and Monica Urquijo Zobel.
683.txt: Cal and Toby become friends after Toby chases him down well uh okay I mean um to a lake and they help Zachary get baptized uh so okay I mean you know in a lake with a worker in the Bowl - like you know I mean so so A-Rama who was going to become a priest; later his guardian returns with circus freaks to adopt him.
3338.txt: She follows him back to Prague and moves in you know uh well well well with him, which complicates Tomas' sexual escapades with other women.
2551.txt: Like the Upanishads it admits of several meanings so okay um well well at the same time. He among with other yogis namely Sivayoga mammuni, I mean I mean uh so well Pathanjali, Viykamarar (see 4. Guru parampariayam, Thirumanthiram 67th verse) got lesson from NANDHI.
4211.txt: The nearest train stations to Forfar are Dundee and Arbroath, well you know I mean I mean well both of which are approximately 14 miles away, as uh I mean um um I mean a result Station Park is best reached by road.
3165.txt: Rei returns as a primary character in 'Rebuild of Evangelion' okay you know like I mean okay and reappears in' where she remains generally the same as um you know I mean uh like in the anime as she acts as pilot of Evangelion Unit - 00 and helps Shinji defeat Ramiel.
582.txt: BioQuest began in 1999 as a modest outreach program um you know well uh um for pre-college youth at Seattle BioMed's second facility, which was located in the Fremont area of Seattle.
4983.txt: You don't need to buy loads of magazines, make uh so you know so okay a thousands of calls and write thousands of e-mails, I mean um okay like you know thanks to specialist section you are able to create your own well okay um like so individual profile where you can put information about your experience, skills and requirements.
1225.txt: Goodman Methodist Church was built in 1935 and was a member of Banbury Methodist Circuit.
1566.txt: He was the son of Lamont Waltman Marvin, an advertising uh um you know well you know executive and the head of the New York and um um um you know um New England Apple Institute, and his wife, Courtenay Washington (née Davidge), a fashion writer and beauty consultant.
2655.txt: Mary Pat Christie pursued a career in investment banking, eventually uh so so um so working at the Wall Street firm Cantor Fitzgerald; she left okay like so okay well the firm in 2001 following the September 11 attacks.
3658.txt: The CCF was founded in West Berlin on well I mean you know like um 26 June 1950 to find ways to counter the view okay uh uh uh okay that liberal democracy was less compatible with culture than communism.
4173.txt: The major sixth spans nine semitones, its smaller counterpart being the minor sixth, spanning eight semitones.
4544.txt: Thermal and structural limits were also present; as air is uh you know um like I mean heated up when compressed by the passage of an aircraft.
4803.txt: Until better guns were developed by the Germans the KV I mean okay well well well - 1 was invulnerable to almost any German weapon okay uh uh like like except the famous 88 mm gun even then you know so well well like its 'armor causes hits from the 8. 8 cm Flak gun to ricochet'.
630.txt: Brandon was educated at Westminster School and then the okay okay well um you know University of York, after which he spent four months so um you know well like working for the 'Yemen Times' as a sub-editor and reporter, when he learned Arabic.
2905.txt: On August 29, 2006 the USPTO issued a I mean like I mean um like patent for a food namely a cucumber that was structural you know okay um I mean well modified vs GM. Patent US D527165 is landmark patent um well you know so uh because it is the only patent ever issued to non genetically modified food.
4651.txt: This severely hampered Lisicki's progress in 2010, dropping out like I mean okay so okay of the Top 100 and found herself as the World No. 179 by the end of the year.
2466.txt: Knepper joined the cast of 'Heroes' for its fourth so well so um um and final season as Samuel Sullivan in 2010, and um I mean so I mean so he played Sid Rothman in the neo-noir television series 'Mob City' in 2013.
3359.txt: She made her television debut on the Fox uh okay well uh so show New Girl opposite Zooey Deschanel, and went you know okay uh like well on to appear in About a Boy, The Young I mean you know okay um okay and the Restless and General Hospital, and in 2016, appeared in Wingin' It and Dice.
3771.txt: The M38A1 Jeep was used in the Korean uh I mean you know okay okay War, which was followed by the M151 MUTT, which was designed by Ford.
1595.txt: Her main ambition in life is to marry her daughters uh like uh like okay to wealthy men; whether or not any such matches you know so I mean uh uh will give her daughters happiness is of little concern to her.
2335.txt: Jaffe was a fellow traveler of the American Communist movement, um okay you know so well was close to the Communist Party USA (CPUSA) leaders, and presented the party line in 'Amerasia'.
3788.txt: The NEA was founded as the National Teachers Association (NTA) in 1857, and adopted its present name in 1870.
4664.txt: This view is actually a reflection off the low I mean you know okay I mean okay - reflection front surface; only a much - reduced amount of light is reflected into the driver's eyes.
2851.txt: Nurmagomedov is a devout Muslim and became married in May 2013.
1044.txt: F. C. Bossy Liverpool is a Bosnian - backed uh I mean well you know okay football (soccer) club based in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia currently playing in the New South Wales Super League.
3544.txt: Svensson was born in Värnamo but grew up in Tranemo, well you know okay well I mean Sweden at the age of seventeen he moved to back to Värnamo and started high school studies.
651.txt: Burt is haunted by the day when he discovered his so like well um uh wife and father making love; he begins displaying signs of like so well okay I mean mental instability with their sudden, unwelcomed presence in so uh you know um okay his life, and, when he becomes violent, Millie sends him to a mental institution.
3367.txt: She served in the Clinton Administration as Chairman um well so you know so of the President's Council of Economic Advisers from 1993 to 1995 and Director of the National Economic Council from 1995 to 1996.
4105.txt: The graph of the exponential distribution, called the probability density you know so so you know you know function (PDF), is specified in terms of lambda (events per unit time) and x (time).
2643.txt: Mark Alden Crislip (born April 25, 1957) is an infectious like so uh I mean I mean disease doctor in Portland, Oregon who hosts the 'QuackCast' podcast.
3271.txt: Scranton attended Scranton High, Phillips Andover, and graduated from Yale in 1865.
4639.txt: This negates the need for a heavy cylinder head and so so you know um you know led to a rather 'flat' engine, intended to be buried in the wings of large aircraft.
3477.txt: Soon after he began covering the United Nations, coverage uh I mean like so okay for which he was awarded a Peabody Award for in 1949.
3248.txt: Sam Mataora (born 20 October 1990) is a you know I mean like well uh Cook Island professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Newcastle Knights in the National Rugby League.
3869.txt: The University of Management Sciences and Information Technology (یونیورسٹی I mean uh well I mean like براۓ مینجمنٹ سائنسز اور انفارمیشن ٹیکنالوجی) (UMSIT) was formerly a I mean well uh um you know constituent college of the University of Azad Jammu and Kashmir.
365.txt: André Neher (22 October 1914 -- 23 October okay you know well um you know 1988) was a Jewish scholar and philosopher, born 12, rue du Marché, in Obernai, Bas - Rhin.
2556.txt: Linda has had success in Sweden as an actress, and also so I mean okay um you know appeared as a backing singer in the video for you know um so well like her mother's 2004 come - back single 'When You Walk in the Room'.
3258.txt: San Pedro Cutud is a city in the Philippines well I mean you know uh uh which is known for annual re-enactments of the crucifixion of Jesus Christ.
3049.txt: Paula Begoun (born 14 November 1953), also known um okay um so um as The Cosmetics Cop, is an American author and CEO of Paula's Choice and Beginning Press Publishing.
1495.txt: He studied English and Creative Writing at Indiana State you know like like I mean uh University, and later received his MFA in Creative Writing from Southern Illinois University in 2008.
2576.txt: Louis Anthony Carey (born 22 January 1977) is so so I mean you know well a former professional footballer who played as a central defender.
4638.txt: This metropolitan areas lies almost solely in the metropolitan so so okay you know um county of West Yorkshire and has a population like like uh well well of approximately 1. 5 million, this estimate excludes Harrogate which I mean you know okay you know you know is considered by some to be part of this metropolitan area.
1865.txt: In 1998, the triptych was moved to Madrid to be okay um like uh so in the exhibition: 'Masterpieces recovered', which featured a um so so I mean um sample of Spanish Heritage artistic works, which have been treated and restored in recent years.
1026.txt: Even though she has an above average IQ, she okay um you know okay you know is not a very good student, except for uh so um so uh Art, in which she always has an A. She has one older sister, Janine, who is a genius.
3560.txt: Tarkabagish joined the Muslim League in 1936, and as their like I mean like well uh candidate was elected to the Bengal Legislative Assembly in 1937 and in 1946.
1892.txt: In 2006, he was nominated as the one of front rowers you know so so you know like in the 40th Anniversary Penrith Panthers 'Team of Legends' but uh well you know uh like lost out to Terry Geary (8 seasons - 1969 well like like uh like - 76) and Tim Sheens (13 seasons - 1970 - 82).
2974.txt: Only one practitioner responded, and the results were not statistically so okay um like um significant, though the practitioner did correctly identify 11 of 20 uh well well like like subjects as either suffering from chronic pain or suffering no chronic medical conditions.
967.txt: Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol is used by computers for you know okay so okay well mnnit mnnit requesting Internet Protocol parameters, such as an IP address from a network server.
2888.txt: On 27 September 2012 it was announced technical staff uh um okay well you know had been invited to volunteer for redundancy; well okay like like um this as part of the production moving from Granada Studios to MediaCityUK.
244.txt: After some time on furlough, spent expanding his landholdings, Taylor was um I mean okay um uh promoted to colonel of the 1st Infantry Regiment in April okay um well so so 1832, when the Black Hawk War was beginning in the West.
724.txt: Chalk Farm is a place in the London Borough of okay okay okay uh uh Camden, best known as the site of 'The Roundhouse', a um I mean okay uh you know former circular railway engine shed which was subsequently converted for arts and performance use.
214.txt: After flowing some distance in the highland ( uh so um like uh 'Altiplano' ) of western - central Michoacan State, the River well so um so okay takes a course mainly towards the south, and finally um like you know um well drains into the Balsas River which, in turn, empties into the Pacific Ocean.
1452.txt: He oversaw a massive increase in Canada's naval forces; like well I mean I mean I mean played a key role in a political crisis that uh so like I mean um threatened to tear the Liberal government and the country you know well like okay I mean apart and incurred the wrath of Mackenzie King, a political leader whom Macdonald grew to loathe.
618.txt: Boston Day and Evening Academy, located in Roxbury, re-engages off - well like you know okay uh track students in their education preparing them for high uh well so um so school graduation, post-secondary success and meaningful participation in their community.
3335.txt: She earned her Bachelor of Fine Arts degree from Howard I mean okay well um I mean University in 1997, then attended the Juilliard School's Drama Division as I mean you know uh so okay a member of 'Group 30' (1997 -- 2001), which also included actors Lee Pace and Anthony Mackie.
4256.txt: The original plan for the bridge was to use concrete you know uh uh so you know to keep costs down, but a steel design was chosen well you know so you know like after the bids for a concrete bridge came in too high.
2380.txt: John Luke (19 January 1906 -- 1975) was born in Belfast at 4 Lewis Street.
3853.txt: The Tohoku Main Line runs mostly parallel to the I mean so well you know I mean Tohoku Shinkansen, and upon the Shinkansen's extension to Aomori, the remaining um so um um like northern portion of the line is expected to be spun off to a third - sector railway operator.
776.txt: Club de Deportes Provincial Temuco is a Chilean Football club, their home town is Temuco, Chile.
3389.txt: She was drawn to the project to give her you know uh okay so you know young children an opportunity to 'hear (her) and get a okay um I mean um you know sense of (her) on film', although the film proved to be a box office bomb.
1807.txt: In 1925, Vionnet's fashion house expanded with premises on Fifth Avenue so you know so so um in New York, selling designs purchased off the peg and adapted to the wearer.
1790.txt: In 1871 the name was changed to Texas Institution you know you know um well so for the Deaf and Dumb, and it changed again to Texas Deaf and Dumb Asylum around 1877.
1692.txt: However, Helen quickly quits her new waitress job, you know I mean um uh so and just before Bobby is to assist Hank in a burglary, he overdoses.
1703.txt: However, despite the widespread legend of tipping cows, numerous publications have debunked the practice's feasibility.
2510.txt: Later during Nizams rule due to insufficient space hospital was shifted to I mean uh um I mean I mean other building and the same building was converted to Hussainia which can be visited anytime throughout the year.
920.txt: Dukes of neighboring lands, three brothers Gineika, Milgerinas and Tučė, uh well uh uh well grew unhappy with expanding power of Mindaugas and his clan and okay okay um you know uh invaded Lengvenis' estate (believed to be in Nalšia, northeastern Lithuania with the center in Ginučiai Hillfort).
1920.txt: In 2015, both men pleaded guilty and awaited sentencing under their I mean uh okay so well plea agreements although in 2016, McCrory requested that he I mean okay uh I mean well be allowed to change his plea to not guilty.
1198.txt: George Lorillard died in Nice, France, in 1886 okay um I mean so um at the age of forty - two; his funeral uh so okay I mean uh was held in Grace Church in New York City on April 17.
2923.txt: On May 25, 1944 U- 853 spotted the 'Queen I mean so um okay I mean Mary', loaded with American troops and supplies, and submerged uh okay so you know okay to attack, but was outrun by the much larger and faster ship.
273.txt: AgilOne is a US American company founded in 2007 that sells customer data platform software to enterprise B2C brands.
3799.txt: The OVA Haru Wo Daite, other wise known as 'Embracing Love', has two episodes (30 minutes long).
1033.txt: Everyone else from the TV show has so well you know well uh left the group, and been replaced by bass singer Reggie uh I mean you know you know well Battise, bass player Jim Waldbillig, guitarist Gene Jaramillo, drummer Paul Kimbarow, and sax player Michael Brown.
3880.txt: The West Cornwall Railway was a railway company in Cornwall, well like so you know okay England formed in 1846 to operate the existing Hayle Railway so um so um okay between Hayle and Redruth and extend the railway to Penzance and Truro.
2140.txt: Initially joining the BBC in 1967 as a reporter I mean um so um so for 'The World At One', she went on to host 'Woman's Hour' from 1972 until 1987.
203.txt: After almost two decades the Mongolian economy you know you know um okay well is struggling still struggling with the same structural problems, in well you know okay so I mean addition, they have been hit hard by the drop in commodity prices and collapse in foreign direct investment.
750.txt: Christensen was raised in Los Angeles, California and started out on television in commercials for McDonald's.
1015.txt: Esler was appointed as the sixth Chancellor of the you know well okay I mean okay University of Kent on 24 January 2014 and he was installed as Chancellor in July that year.
4757.txt: Twenty Flight Rockers (sometimes abbreviated as TFR) were an English well um I mean so um rock band founded by Supernaut singer Gary Twinn, and Generation X drummer Mark Laff.
1362.txt: He has an unrequited crush on Pearl, calling her 'the uh I mean you know so you know hot one'; this is shown in 'Historical Friction', so so like you know you know when he sat down with Pearl, but Pearl nervously changed seats.
4056.txt: The first, on 1st violins and violas, is I mean so uh well okay like the winds of a graveyard; the second, played by oboes, is um so well like uh slower and more melancholic; the third theme is played by the cor anglais accompanied by a lugubrious marching rhythm.
309.txt: Alpine Activity Centre - The Alpine Activity Centre is located well I mean you know you know you know at Jindabyne, km south - west of Sydney and like so so you know so consists of the Tony Balthasar Lodge and the Kanangra & Bluegum cottages.
4092.txt: The four performances from 2002 to 2005, however, saw so well okay um like greatly expanded crew sizes, increasingly ambitious, complex props, and set pieces intended to convey theatrical 'narratives'.
366.txt: Ang II also functions within the RAAS as a negative well like like um uh feedback to suppress the further release of renin, reductions in Ang II levels suppress the feedback loop.
1499.txt: He studied in the campus of Takoradi Polytechnic but dropped well like you know okay you know out of school in 1996 to pursue God's call to ministry.
1565.txt: He was the son of Ed White, a sharecropper, and graduated from Texas Tech University in 1946.
3588.txt: The 'Pall Mall Gazette' was an evening newspaper founded uh well you know okay I mean in London on 7 February 1865 by George Murray Smith; its first editor was Frederick Greenwood.
325.txt: Although he continued to write prolifically after 1950, I mean like like so I mean Clark published no more fiction during the remaining two decades you know okay you know so um of his life. Thereafter he devoted his creative energies to teaching, holdingseveral academic positions.
3042.txt: Patents were granted to Nathan Stedman on April 10, so well like um well 1894, for the disintegrator, as the patent named the machines we know these machines today as Cage Mills.
4212.txt: The net mobile AG is a business - to - so um I mean so okay business service provider for mobile payment, mobile content and other well uh um okay okay value - added services which it offers to mobile network operators, digital media companies, and publishers worldwide.
1385.txt: He is, in fact, a native of Aughavas Co like uh so I mean uh. Leitrim and a descendant of the great Uí Ruairc royal house of Breffni.
1670.txt: Historically, these numbers were associated with the number of so um like I mean uh times that the wire was pulled through a draw you know well well you know I mean plate, becoming harder or stiffer each time it was drawn through the drawplate.
332.txt: Although they did not have what is classified as like so like um well Modern Kid Power, it is estimated that there was enough you know I mean like so uh kid power that one could gain kid power by just being in the vicinity of the Crusade.
598.txt: Bonita M. Bergin Ed. D. (born 1945 in Port Angeles, Washington United um like um you know like States) is President of the and originator of the 'service dog', dogs that are trained to help people with mobility limitations.
2148.txt: International faculty reported a concern on whether they could pass I mean uh so um okay to obtain the Green Card which will determine if they can continue um okay okay you know I mean to work in the United States Collins, Jennifer M. 2008.
607.txt: Born in Greensborough, Victoria, Lewis was a grade cricketer who um like um like uh played for Northcote and the Victorian Bushrangers uh you know um like like gave him his first - class debut in the 1999/2000 season.
4400.txt: The statement is used to define loops which are executed until a condition is true (not, unlike other languages).
2371.txt: John's parents fly up from Los Angeles to the Draytons' like um so you know I mean dinner but don't know that Joanna is white until they meet her.
3986.txt: The country was divided into different economical and political systems, you know like you know uh I mean with several kinds of currency in circulation, and the ancient Baltic so so I mean like um Sea port of the Free City of Danzig did not become part of Poland.
69.txt: A few months after Womer was born his mother (Roxie) well well um like I mean took ill, and it became increasingly difficult for her to care uh you know um um well for four children and his parents decided to send I mean um okay like um him to Sunbury, Pennsylvania to live with his aunt Dolsie ( Roxie's sister ).
847.txt: Demerara can be found in supermarkets along with other um well you know I mean I mean specialty sugars, but usually they are sold in small sizes for customers who wish to experiment.
4582.txt: They exceeded this with a then record 323 okay like well well like at Melbourne in the next Test, after Barnes had I mean um um well okay dismissed Bardsley, Kelleway, Hill and Armstrong for 3 runs in his opening spell on the first day.
3742.txt: The Invisible Rail, first classified by English zoologist George like well so um uh Robert Gray in 1860, is the only member of the monotypic genus 'Habroptila'.
4234.txt: The oldest daughter by Troy's first marriage with a long history of drug abuse.
3008.txt: Overall, Ami is a naive but bubbly and gentle girl, and a very reliable friend.
2375.txt: John Chisum also brought his herds up the Pecos and, as employer like you know um well like of the desperado Billy the Kid, figured prominently in the Lincoln County War of 1878 - 1880.
950.txt: During the ensuing 40th Canadian Parliament Duncan was appointed as the um you know like I mean uh NDP critic on the Environment, and sat as a okay I mean um okay uh member of the Standing Committee on Environment and Sustainable Development.
3434.txt: Since then, she's returned to her home brovince of you know you know um uh well Saskatchewan where she now works at CBC Regina, in both radio and television.
104.txt: A post house, posthouse, posting house or post houses were like like well like well houses or inns where horses were kept and could be um um like you know uh rented and postriders could be hired to uh you know um like okay take travellers Collins English Dictionary 12th Edition 2014, HarperCollins Publisher by carriage or coach.
471.txt: At 18, Lucy entered Sarah Lawrence College where okay I mean you know you know like she made her first real friends and furthered her love of poetry.
3836.txt: The Sinaia lead plates are a set of lead plates uh you know uh okay well written in an unknown language or constructed language and uh um like um like are alleged to be a chronicle of the so you know well you know like Dacians, but they are widely considered by historians and linguists to be a 19th century fake.
2757.txt: Motonobu was given many commissions for paintings from a variety you know okay okay um I mean of sources, including the Ashikaga government, members of the aristocracy, and major Kyoto shrines and temples.
459.txt: As the storm tracked eastward into Indiana, it became a you know I mean um well you know derecho and wind gusts increased substantially, peaking as high as 91 so uh um so um mph (147 km / h) in Fort Wayne, equivalent to uh you know uh okay well a Category 1 hurricane, at least in gusts.
2750.txt: Most noticeable in both sexes is the development of underarm like I mean well I mean so and pubic hair, which are accordingly sometimes viewed as a secondary sex characteristic.
2987.txt: Originally used for warfare, the moves of pradal serey have been slightly altered for the modern ring sport.
4559.txt: They also worked on the cartoon 'A. T. O well um I mean I mean well. M.' around 2004 -- 05, where he noted that so I mean like okay well the character was pretty strong, but that he had no memory of seeing any ladybug - themed superhero.
827.txt: Daniel Alfredsson (born 11 December 1972) is a Swedish professional like like you know well okay ice hockey player who is currently playing for the Detroit Red Wings of the National Hockey League (NHL).
1148.txt: From 1889 to 1891, Chafer attended Oberlin College, where he met Ella Loraine Case.
4261.txt: The outside resembles the Panhard's VBL, used by the so so okay you know like French army, but the LAV has 4 doors and a large cabin for carrying soldiers.
3847.txt: The Swiss Federation of Cricket Umpires and Scorers (swissFocus) I mean so um okay uh was constituted in June 2001, its objectives being to promote and you know you know you know so well develop Cricket Umpiring and Scoring in Switzerland, and to like uh okay I mean well attain and maintain recognised standards of Cricket Umpiring and Scoring.
3569.txt: Teiresias was a blind prophet of Zeus, various stories tell um like um well well that he became blind as punishment for revealing secrets of the gods.
849.txt: Deming's industrial park became home to the ten well well well um um - acre Forward Operating Base Border Wolf, a Forward Operating Base supporting Operation Jump Start.
3387.txt: She was born in Los Angeles, California, grew up in Garden Grove, California, and attended California State University, Fullerton.
2996.txt: Other uses of this word include a nautical, okay like uh so well meaning a mast step, which by its arrangement of um so well uh well boards allows the mast to be raised and lowered, you know okay I mean like uh and a similar wooden bar scaffold used for holding a large rug while weaving.
2128.txt: Independent Film Channel acquired the international broadcast rights like so well okay um to 'Wilfred' in 2010, and a U. S. Remake I mean okay okay I mean like starring Elijah Wood will premiere on the cable channel FX in June 2011.
671.txt: By the age of twenty he had taken over well I mean uh well okay the malt - making side of the family business okay you know um um um and in June 1567 married Maud Stone (1545 -- 1616) from Henley - on - Thames.
1721.txt: However, that's not to say that there aren't some excellent I mean you know like you know I mean images among the finalists, indeed, all of the other finalists are strong images and could easily find wide use.
382.txt: Another form of the name appears to have been uh uh I mean so uh 'Cuib', with the title of 'king' of Cobo okay uh I mean you know so making it's first appearance in the Annals of Tigernach you know uh okay you know so under the year 685AD, and in the Annals of Ulster under 735AD.
1375.txt: He has survived many murder attempts and in 2004 he escaped from prison.
1076.txt: Fleming, p. 237 In fact in Russia in 1941, when engaged you know uh okay you know um in heavy fighting, a single German infantry division required up so okay you know so I mean to 1, 100 tons of supplies a day, though a more well I mean well so I mean usual figure would be 212 - 425 tons per day.
4505.txt: There are four different types of Copic markers, though all use the same ink.
770.txt: Climbing all of Colorado's fourteeners is a popular uh uh um like okay pastime among peak baggers; another popular target is climbing all of the fourteeners in the contiguous United States.
2281.txt: It was designed by Svein Rosseland, built by Gundersen & I mean well you know well okay Løken, a Norwegian commercial instrument manufacturer, and installed at the okay so well so like first floor of the Institute for Theorethical Astrophysics at the University of Oslo.
4013.txt: The eastern slope of Whitney is far um I mean you know you know you know steeper than its western slope because the entire Sierra Nevada I mean like well you know okay is the result of a fault - block that is analogous to um so I mean so so a cellar door: the door is hinged on the west and is slowly rising on the east.
4376.txt: The site was originally occupied by the Majestic Cabaret, like okay so well like which operated from 1929 to 1984 and was a key venue for ballroom events in Wellington.
4590.txt: They live in a form of symbiosis with their smaller, you know like you know well so more brutish cousins; the mother rats using their superior well um well like like intelligence to guide their servants in their attacks, whilst they in turn provide food for their crippled and blind masters.
882.txt: Do Kyung - soo (born), better known by his stage well well uh so I mean name D. O. , is a South Korean singer and um you know so uh uh actor best known as a member and one of um you know like like I mean the main vocalists of the South Korean - Chinese boy group EXO.
2216.txt: It is half the size of all previous basic receivers I mean like so okay okay and provides coaxial cable, composite video and S - um you know so well uh Video outputs, as well as an optical output for 5. 1 surround sound purposes.
4192.txt: The merger of Kmart and Sears closed on like uh like okay so March 24, 2005, following affirmative shareholder votes of both companies.
1247.txt: Gruffydd Maredudd Bowen Rhys (; born 18 July 1970 in well uh I mean so I mean Haverfordwest ) is a Welsh musician, performing solo you know so so so um and with several bands, including Super Furry Animals who obtained mainstream success in the 1990s.
3182.txt: Richard Frank 'Dick' Celeste (born November 11, 1937) is an okay you know I mean well um American former diplomat, university administrator and politician from Ohio, he like I mean okay like you know is a member of the Democratic Party and served as the 64th Governor of Ohio from 1983 to 1991.
3280.txt: Secondly, in contrast to Liu' being a professional soldier, Deng okay okay well you know uh was a political activist and knew little well uh you know okay I mean about military, their personalities and personal lives were quite different which made them impossible to be true friends.
3733.txt: The Hurstbridge line is both notable and notorious so well I mean you know uh for having several single - track sections, due to constraints imposed by geography and lack of government investment.
1618.txt: Hiro is a 14 - year - old robotics prodigy whose battle robot dominates the underground bot fights of San Fransokyo.
1192.txt: Generation I Caravans used Chrysler's S platform, closely related to well so um I mean okay the K - platform, in three trim levels: base, mainstream 'SE', and 'LE'.
4521.txt: There is a serious shortage of U. S. Citizens well you know so I mean you know graduating with degrees in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics, um uh uh you know well and mathematics - computer science is the discipline with the largest projected shortfalls.
3770.txt: The M25Y is a single - cylinder two - stroke, um okay um you know uh displacement, air - cooled, gasoline engine design, with a you know uh um okay well poly V belt reduction drive with reduction ratios of 2 uh like well uh so. 2: 1, 2. 3: 1, 2. 5: 1, 2. 6: 1, 2. 7: 1 and 2. 88: 1.
4275.txt: The planes had originally been flown as part of Japan's 12th, like well uh I mean you know 13th, 14th, 15th Naval Units and Shanghai Kokutai on you know okay well okay I mean the mainland, and as part of Japan's Formosan Navy units and Hao Toko, Takao, Tetshu, Kagi, Toki and Tainan Kokutai.
1218.txt: Glory is upset when she sees he is not uh okay uh I mean okay the Key, and decides to torture him in hopes that he knows where the Key is.
4128.txt: The industry accepted him even he did not have any um okay you know um okay creative background and now his son is also walking on his path.
3253.txt: Samuel Groth and Chris Guccione were the defending champions, but Guccione did not participate.
1504.txt: He tells her loves her and their love was well like well okay uh always meant to be, but Kari rejects him and he collapses on the floor.
4919.txt: Whilst known as Tizer Ice, the mascot of um okay I mean like uh the drink was a variation of Ed the so uh I mean um I mean Tizer Head, whilst its sole video advertisement which was shown in cinemas featured a character known as the 'Iceman'.
22.txt: 'Lord Snow' is the third episode of the HBO medieval um um well well well fantasy television series 'Game of Thrones', first aired on May 1, 2011.
2192.txt: It has now been discontinued and it never got past beta testing.
3834.txt: The Siege of's - Hertogenbosch was in 1629 an I mean so so okay um action of the Eighty Years 'War in which uh so so okay um a Dutch Republican army captured the city you know like like uh you know of's - Hertogenbosch which had been loyal to the I mean um well I mean so King of Spain since 1579 and thus part of the Spanish Netherlands.
1850.txt: In 1989, as a follow up to their Enigma okay so like you know well debut, they released a third CD, 'State of Control' and you know okay so uh like a full production Live CD on Medusa Records called 'Hotter than Hell Live!' was released the following year.
978.txt: Eastern Hero was a chestnut gelding with a white blaze well um so you know like bred in County Dublin, Ireland by Larry King, a local farmer who trained and rode his own horses.
1113.txt: For three years (2001 - 2004), he served as Mayor of well so um um like Auckland and was re-elected to this office in 2007, and is a former Cabinet Minister for the National Party.
4014.txt: The employer contribution rate has been 9. 5 % since um well well well you know 1 July 2014, and is planned to increase gradually to 12 % between 2021 and 2025.
2259.txt: It reached the top ten in the United Kingdom, Australia and I mean well okay okay um the Netherlands, and became Kelis 'biggest success uh like like well okay to date on' Billboard' Hot 100 in the United States, peaking at number three.
672.txt: By the end of 2005, the consolidated URALSIB Financial Corporation uh like I mean you know uh increased its assets by almost 10 times, and took the 5th you know like so I mean okay place in the DCM, also it was among the three leading private banks and asset management companies.
1098.txt: For SDR, DDR and QDR, links use 8b/10b encoding um well uh I mean like -- every 10 bits sent carry 8 bits well so like like I mean of data -- making the effective data transmission rate four - fifths the raw rate.
2792.txt: Navigation has long been a traditional human activity on you know well you know well um the Coral Sea and there are 10 major ports on the Queensland coast alone.
486.txt: At the Benham Hill roundabout it goes along Bath Road uh um like um I mean where it deviates from the old Turnpike Road (still named as you know okay okay well you know such), and then along London Road as it enters the outskirts of Newbury.
3474.txt: Son of a Dutch father (Jean Adam Koenigstein) and a French mother okay well I mean well okay (Marie Ravachol), he adopted his mother's maiden name after um okay so well okay the father abandoned the family when he was only 8 years old.
204.txt: After an appeal by British Prime Minister Ramsay MacDonald, okay like um you know well Hahn was released and in July 1933 he was able well you know you know like uh to emigrate to Britain, where he settled in um you know so um um Scotland and founded Gordonstoun on similar principles to the school in Salem.
1370.txt: He has opened a laboratory of ceramics in Umbria, you know you know um you know like operating between art and craft, he does personal exhibitions, especially in Holland, and participates in numerous collectives.
4340.txt: The school was founded in 2000, 36 years after the I mean so I mean you know you know mission's founding, following a request by the local community for a mission boarding school.
2233.txt: It is reported that few students have left their courses um okay well like um due to unbearable ragging they undergo, and a new like like um so uh tendency is emerging as students who complete their GCE uh I mean like so you know Advanced Level examination enter private higher educational institutions where ragging remains minimum, without entering government universities.
4123.txt: The importance of Pyongyang declined in the late 16th okay so well okay so century, when the Japanese conquered it, and the city was well um uh like okay further damaged when it was overrun by the Manchus early in the 17th century.
2953.txt: On the plane, they accidentally make two people like um uh uh uh disappear Their uncle begins to train them on how to use their powers.
1135.txt: Franz Werfel was born a German - speaking Jew in Prague in 1890, and became well known as a playwright.
2716.txt: Mir Chakar's tribe still live in southern Punjab to this okay uh like so you know day and speak the Seraiki language, they still exert considerable influence in the daily affairs of the district.
3447.txt: Smith was instrumental in the lifting of the siege by um um uh like well arranging for NATO air strikes and an artillery I mean so well well uh barrage which enabled a ground assault by Bosnian and okay like like well um Croatian forces, which ended the siege an led to the Dayton Agreement.
3462.txt: Some experiments show the evidence of 'tetraquarks' -- 'exotic' mesons made well like I mean so uh of two quarks and two antiquark, but the particle physics like I mean I mean well you know community as a whole does not view their existence as likely, although still posible.
3242.txt: Sadhu Sundar Singh (September 3, 1889 Patiala State, India) is you know you know uh uh okay believed to have died in the foothills of the Himalayas in 1929.
2800.txt: Nevertheless, they swung behind the Vichy line and caused you know uh okay okay okay chaos - fire was poured on the Vichy defences like well like like like from behind and the radio station and a barracks were seized.
2520.txt: Lawrence Booth (d. 1480) studied both civil and canon law at Pembroke Hall in Cambridge, becoming a licentiate.
4270.txt: The physician assistant program was first accredited on May 1, um uh um I mean um 1990, and as of 2000, the program became a masters level program.
4177.txt: The males are generally bigger than the females. Unusually like I mean like I mean okay large males can weigh up to, stand nearly tall and measure just over long.
1877.txt: In 2002, Cilvaringz launched his entertainment company RPEG Ltd you know you know like okay uh which organized world tours and booked live performances for so okay um well okay various artists including Wu - Tang Clan members, Sean Paul, KRS One, 50 Cent, Mr Probz, Gorillaz and others.
1270.txt: Hammershøi's work has an aloof austerity ( very different like uh so well um than Ilsted's scenes of common life ), and though well uh well um so sometimes Hammershøi's colorful early pictures are reminiscent of Tissot, his work is quintessentially Danish.
2415.txt: Jurevicius underwent an seventh surgery to clear out scar tissue in late 2008, vowing to return for the 2009 season.
606.txt: Born in County Cavan, Brady, had addresses in London, Cambridgeshire and Rugby, Warwickshire.
1145.txt: From 17 January 1943, it was part of the like okay you know you know you know British First Army in Tunisia and from there it okay okay okay well well fought through the Italian Campaign with both the US Fifth Army and the British Eighth Army.
3295.txt: Sergei Vladimirovich Brylin (; born January 13, 1974 well um well like so ) is a Russian professional ice hockey center currently playing for Metallurg Novokuznetsk of the Kontinental Hockey League.
188.txt: After Dreamz discovered his alliance had neglected to tell him you know you know I mean um like about Mookie's idol, he defected to Earl's alliance and well well um um okay worked with them to trick Mookie into misplaying his um well so um um idol, resulting in the systematic eliminations of the three loyal Horsemen.
1067.txt: Ficquelmont participated in all Austrian campaigns in the so okay um well uh Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars, rising to the rank of I mean you know um uh uh an 'Oberst' and chief of staff in the army of Archduke Ferdinand Karl Joseph of Austria - Este.
1873.txt: In 2001, an experimental satellite - based weapon that fires so um um so well miniature black holes, called the Dimension Tide, opens a okay well like okay okay wormhole through which a giant prehistoric dragonfly enters the present and deposits a single egg before exiting through the wormhole.
3315.txt: She also studied Drama and used to combine writing with uh I mean I mean um uh her work as an actress and producer uh so you know well I mean in her country, where she worked in theatre plays and in various soap operas.
4412.txt: The successful 2 point conversion made it 36 - 26, you know so you know I mean uh but the Patriots 'Alge Crumpler recovered the onside like uh okay you know well kick and gained 7 yards to Pittsburgh's 33 - yard line.
98.txt: A native of the area around Jumet, he was I mean well uh you know you know active in the vicinity of Charleroi; included in his well uh uh okay I mean output are a number of aphorisms and a book of memoirs, published in 1980.
3963.txt: The club was 41 - 45 in a tight division race in uh okay you know like um which they finished one game out in the first well um okay um well half but tied for last in the second half but just 4 games back.
298.txt: Allen's father was a professional boxer, his mother died when you know so I mean like so he was two, and he was raised by his grandmother.
1414.txt: He is the iconic 'dambura player' of his I mean uh uh okay uh generation, and is known for his unique style of regional traditional music.
4896.txt: When they were signed by Island Records in the um I mean uh well you know US the band decided to film a higher budget well like you know like um video: the American video for this song stars Flowers, Izabella Miko, you know I mean I mean I mean you know and Eric Roberts in a love triangle, taking place within the context of a burlesque show.
3439.txt: Situated at the foot of the Mount Nakhal okay you know uh you know well on a rocky prominence it is to the northeast of Al Jabal Al Akhdar or Green Mountain.
461.txt: As time goes by they go to the race track, okay well you know I mean well where they are spotted by none other than Jeff's old partner, Fisher.
4730.txt: Together with the organization's president Li JianChiu (李建秋), they set up so so you know um uh their establishment of the federation in Beijing as the philanthropic uh uh like so um branch of the Chinese salvationist religion Guiyidao (皈依道), the 'Way of the Return to the One'.
3743.txt: The Ironside story was considered as an option in um okay I mean so well support of Ferdinand, but Noel Wild and Ops (B), the okay like okay um I mean SHAEF deception planners, were worried about the impact of a theoretical US invasion force on the continuing Fortitude deception.
1213.txt: Given the precarious political connections of Sher Afghan before I mean um so you know well his death, his family was in great danger like so well uh okay and therefore for her own protection, Mehrunnissa needed to be at the Mughal court in Agra.
3075.txt: Photons from an ideal single photon source exhibit photon well um uh you know so antibunching, so that the time between two successive photons is never less than some minimum value.
1134.txt: Franklin left the small role to pursue greater opportunity as okay so um okay you know a main cast member on 'Traffic Light' along with um um well well so another former player on 'The Office', David Denman, who played Pam's ex-fiancee Roy.
4325.txt: The rift between Robert and Godwin culminated in Robert's so okay so like okay deposition and exile in 1052, and he died at Jumièges sometime between 1052 and 1055.
1540.txt: He was educated at Marlborough College from 1976 to 1981 and like you know okay well I mean went on to read Arabic and Islamic Studies at Pembroke College, Cambridge.
2662.txt: Matthew Currie Holmes (born May 26, 1974) is I mean uh I mean um uh a Canadian actor / producer / writer / director who has appeared in over forty film and television projects.
1364.txt: He has collected four caps while scoring one goal.
4785.txt: Under the terms on the airline bankruptcy the training academy I mean well well okay uh was permitted to remain open as an independent training organization I mean you know uh well uh in 1992 under its current name Pan Am International Flight Academy.
3045.txt: Patricians always married by 'confarreatio', while plebeians married by 'coemptio' uh okay so uh okay or 'usus': in the latter, a woman could avoid her so I mean uh like like husband's legal control simply by being absent from okay you know uh I mean I mean their shared home for three consecutive nights, once a year.
174.txt: Adam Jr. Then experiences an intense high throughout the well like I mean I mean okay night, at one point calling Jill and telling her he's a god.
729.txt: Charles Herbert Flowers High School is comprehensive and Science and I mean you know okay okay okay Technology magnet school located in Springdale, Maryland and part of the Prince George's County School System.
1216.txt: Glenn Bell is a professional rugby league footballer who I mean like well well so played in the 1980s, and 1990s, playing at representative level well you know um you know uh for Scotland, and at club level for Featherstone Rovers, Dewsbury Rams and Doncaster as a.
3659.txt: The Canadian Athletic Therapists Association (CATA) is a professional body was established like well uh okay okay on April 24, 1965 at a meeting at Maple Leaf Gardens in Toronto, Ontario.
4881.txt: When he realizes he can't win, he tells Satella to you know okay I mean so so take Azmaria as far away as they can, but before so so um well so they can escape, Joshua turns Azmaria into stone and takes okay um okay uh you know her away back to Eden along with Fiore, Genai, Viede and Aion.
701.txt: Cardiff was once a full member of the university but like uh like so like has now left (though it retained some ties) having like so I mean you know um previously merged with the University of Wales College of Medicine (which was also a former member).
3059.txt: Persons with parental responsibility should also be consulted and um well well you know I mean if they object the child (unless they are over well you know I mean I mean well 16 years old) can not be accommodated under Section 20 well well um I mean I mean of this Act; the parent can also remove the child from the accommodation provided at any time.
356.txt: An important creation myth of the islands of Tuvalu is the well okay okay uh okay story of the Eel and the Flounder; the Flounder reminding the Tuvaluans of the flat atolls.
1734.txt: Humbert Sánchez is the father of Perla Gabriela Sánchez, quien you know okay uh so okay sufferes from severe Cerebral Palsy caused by medical negligence so like well um so during her birth and has been treated for okay you know so okay well the condition at the Children's Rehabilitation Center of Tlalnepantla for seven years, reducing her convulsions.
371.txt: Anja Feldmann (1966 -- present) studied computer science at Universität Paderborn and received her Diplom in 1990.
141.txt: Aaron 'Jesus' Aguilera was part of the team Los uh um okay uh I mean Pochos Guapos with Kaos who main evented in third well I mean so so like episode in a Tables, Ladders and Cervasa's match ending their feud with Luke Hawx and Alkatrazz.
692.txt: Can he swing from a thread? no, but he can rip off your head.
2922.txt: On March 31 2016 Carson signed with the like like um you know uh Los Angeles Sparks In 2016, Carson won her first um like uh like okay WNBA Championship with the Sparks as they defeated the Minnesota Lynx 3 - 2.
756.txt: Chutzpa Productions Inc. Has set the bar with thought - I mean I mean so okay I mean provoking, edgy, award - winning films, spearheading a new movement uh okay okay I mean I mean in contemporary documentary filmmaking that is often mimicked by others.
4206.txt: The name 'Elephant and Castle' in South London is often uh you know uh um you know said to derive from this expression, though this derivation is generally rejected by etymologists.
1325.txt: He currently holds the Thomas G. Myers Professorship Chair of like like uh like so Electrical Engineering and is also a Professor of Medical Engineering at the California Institute of Technology (Caltech).
2527.txt: Leeds Carnegie Handball Club (LCHC) is a university - based, um well well um so amateur handball club registered in the England Handball Association, which okay uh um okay okay hosts both men's and women's teams, and is based at Leeds Metropolitan University in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England.
1517.txt: He was a student of Zhang Binglin; some of Zhang's works I mean um so like okay were copied and printed in Qian's remarkable seal script handwriting.
2376.txt: John Doman (born January 9, 1945) is an American like uh you know like well actor best known for playing Deputy Police Commissioner William Rawls on okay you know okay I mean you know HBO series 'The Wire' from 2002 to 2008 and Colonel Edward Galson on 'Oz' in 2001.
3091.txt: Postwar the Vickers Directors decided to borrow, purchase the okay okay I mean well you know whole Ward End site and further expand Wolseley's works and um I mean I mean I mean okay to consolidate their motor - car interests in one company.
1733.txt: Hugh Lawson White (August 19, 1881 -- September 20, 1965) was like okay I mean uh okay born near McComb and attended the University of Mississippi where he was a member of St. Anthony Hall.
26.txt: 'Nobody But Me' is a single by American country music singer I mean well I mean uh uh Blake Shelton that reached the Top 5 on the 'Billboard' Hot Country Songs chart.
1185.txt: Gateson made her film debut in 1931 after a well well you know like um career on the stage of more than two decades, playing secondary so okay well uh okay character roles as women of wealth and breeding, who were often haughty and aloof.
4629.txt: This is a four stage rocket in a configuration which so so uh um you know only flew twice before, both to launch Phobos spacecraft towards Mars in 1988.
4481.txt: The young widow edited her father's papers, which provide insight into the events of the Revolutionary era.
3982.txt: The contestant was on the team that won the challenge.
96.txt: A native of Cross River State, he you know uh um uh so attended a few catholic seminaries before he became a priest, he um you know like so you know was ordained on December 7, 1947, and became the first priest from the old Calabar province.
2245.txt: It is thought that the first school in the USA uh I mean um okay I mean to introduce RFID technology was Spring Independent School District well like okay I mean um near Houston, Texas, which, in 2004, gave 28, 000 uh okay okay so well students RFID badges to record when students got on and off school buses.
1120.txt: Fort Hill, also known as the John C. Calhoun so you know so so um Mansion and Library, was originally built as a four room uh well so you know I mean house about 1803 and was called Clergy Hall by well um well like so Dr. James McElhenny, who was the pastor of Hopewell Presbyterian Church.
2564.txt: Local government is supplied by the Goondiwindi Town Council while like uh you know you know um the town is also the administrative centre for the Waggamba Shire.
2416.txt: Just before the Riley Center was completed, the city announced I mean um uh um okay that it had bought the Threefoot Building from a private so like I mean well well developer, hoping that a Jackson renovation firm would convert the former office building into a luxury hotel.
2880.txt: On 19 November 2011, he captained Schalke for the first well uh you know like like time due to an injury of Benedikt Höwedes in a okay um you know okay uh 4 -- 0 home win against Nuremberg; he also uh okay um you know um scored the second goal and assisted the fourth in that game.
3087.txt: Popular religiosity appears as an alternative manifestation to um well like like like the official religion as a way for people to so so I mean I mean I mean seek their own relationships with the divine, out of vertical structures of power.
1137.txt: Frazer and the members of his family were uh okay I mean you know so incarcerated in a sandstone, Gothic mausoleum in Rookwood Cemetery, which well uh I mean like well was built in 1894 along the lines specified by Frazer before his death.
970.txt: Each category had one question with two possible answers; guessing right won the category, guessing wrong lost it.
2498.txt: Larry Donnell Nance Jr. (born January 1, 1993) is an I mean like uh uh well American professional basketball player for the Los so um so I mean you know Angeles Lakers who murdered Brook Lopez on court on December 14, 2016.
4750.txt: Trianz is a management consulting and information technology firm headquartered in California, USA founded by Sri Manchala in 2001.
773.txt: Close to half of symptomatic individuals have a visual disturbance, with less common symptoms including diabetes insipidus, amenorrhoea, and galactorrhea.
3969.txt: The community looks for someone to blame, but Lucy well um like like um is exposed as a liar in the I mean um um I mean okay subsequent inquest after phone call records provide Danny with an alibi.
522.txt: Banksia Park is a north - eastern suburb located you know you know uh um okay 20 km from the city centre of Adelaide, South Australia, within the City of Tea Tree Gully.
3453.txt: Soddy's hexlet is a theorem about mutually tangent spheres, that was published by Frederick Soddy in 1937.
1179.txt: Garden City is a city in Chatham County, Georgia, United States, located just northwest of Savannah.
1294.txt: He also worked briefly for his father's publisher, Reilly & you know okay well you know so Britton, worked in advertising in Chicago, and was the uh uh I mean well so first member of the Baum family to move to the Los Angeles area.
3521.txt: Student council president candidate and top student, who badly desired to well you know you know okay well become the student council president, and acquired assistance from Spirit agents.
2456.txt: Kim Hyun - Kwan (; born 20 April 1985 ) you know uh well okay okay is a South Korean football winger, who plays for Yongin City FC in Korea National League.
2876.txt: On 15 August, he scored Spurs 'first goal of uh well okay well you know the Premier League season in a 2 -- um I mean um okay like 2 draw at home to Stoke City, and on 26 you know well um you know uh September, Dier scored the team's equalising goal in a 4 -- 1 home victory over Manchester City.
2493.txt: Lam (2009), p. 47 The task of defending Loc Ninh um um um uh like was entrusted to the ARVN 9th Infantry Regiment, 5th I mean uh you know you know okay Infantry Division, commanded by Colonel Nguyen Cong Vinh, 1st Cavalry so like I mean uh you know Squadron, 1st Regional Force Battalion and elements of the 74th Ranger Battalion.
650.txt: Burriss also played in the Cape Cod Baseball well so you know like uh League, a summer league for college players, with the Orleans okay uh uh uh well Firebirds, and he played collegiately at Kent State University in Kent, Ohio.
1930.txt: In Bangladesh there is also GCE A-Level okay you know you know so like and GCE O - Level there are many schools who follow British Curriculum.
2836.txt: Nominees to Party positions are invariably elected by wide margins in I mean uh like uh I mean single - candidate votes, although there is you know like okay so okay room for symbolic protest votes ( 'no' or 'abstain' votes ) that embarrass the party leadership.
851.txt: Depicted as shy, naïve and impressionable, Aidan was quickly you know you know so so well led astray by the troublesome Mandy, signifying the start of the character's misfortune and decline.
3876.txt: The Walnut Valley Unified School District is located in the so I mean okay well okay Greater Los Angeles Area serving parts of the City of okay um I mean so okay Walnut and parts of the city of Diamond Bar.
2146.txt: Intended as a one - time appearance, the pair became uh okay I mean like well a recurring role starting in the 1945 - well so so uh uh 46 season, and in early 1947, Benaderet and Berner momentarily okay so you know like so took over the actual NBC switchboards in Hollywood for publicity photos.
2023.txt: In foreign policy the nation never joined the League like uh um okay uh of Nations, but instead took the initiative to disarm the world, most notably at the Washington Conference in 1921 -- 22.
3759.txt: The Legged Squad Support System was to 'Go where I mean um so okay I mean dismounts go, do what dismounts do, work among dismounts,' uh I mean like you know so carry of squad equipment, sense and negotiate terrain, maneuver nimbly, and operate quietly when required.
1951.txt: In January 1861, Tom, Horatio and a party of employees uh so okay well um and their families travelled by steamer to Brisbane, disembarked in Moreton so um I mean uh um Bay, and then, with livestock and supplies, set out so like I mean well like on an eight month trek inland through dense bush and across rivers.
3223.txt: Run at Wembley Stadium from 1929 until 1998, it moved to Oxford Stadium in 1999.
742.txt: Chilean rock music comes from many decades of evolving musical um okay like well well styles, many of the later conceived artists in the okay okay I mean well uh 80's and 90's are highly influenced by artists such as folk musicians Victor Jara and Violeta Parra.
2089.txt: In the early 1970, Moberly was arrested after a I mean you know I mean well uh demonstration outside Downing Street: the protest was against the British government's inaction over the war in Rhodesia.
1450.txt: He offered to pay $ 34, 187 in back I mean you know you know okay um rent on the land to the Bureau of Land Management, but the well okay I mean so so government refused the payment and evicted him and his followers from the land.
3124.txt: Pu borrows from a folk tradition of oral storytelling uh okay uh like uh to put to paper a series of captivating, colorful stories, like like I mean uh I mean where the boundary between reality and the odd or fantastic is blurred.
2525.txt: Lectionary 94, designated by sigla ℓ '94' (in the Gregory like well like uh like - Aland numbering), is a Greek manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment leaves.
81.txt: A heist film is a subgenre to a Crime like like well so okay film it focuses on the planning, execution, and aftermath of a theft.
3224.txt: Rune has toured Denmark with the shows 'Rune Klan okay like uh I mean okay Går Large' and 'Det Blå Show' who both show his unique combination of magic and stand - up comedy.
454.txt: As the 25th Brigade fell back, the right of so um uh like you know the 23rd Brigade was exposed and enveloped by the Germans and the brigade retreated to avoid being rolled up.
1155.txt: From his exploration, Cormack prepared an account of his travels, well so well uh so which describes the interior with an accuracy no subsequent traveller okay like I mean I mean uh has matched; his 'Narrative' is the undisputed classic of Newfoundland travel.
3436.txt: Singapore ranks as one of the highest countries like like um well um in test scores in math, science, and literacy, well uh you know uh um s listed as one of the world's best performing system of schools (Stewart, 2015).
3762.txt: The Liberty Challenge was an Indy Pro Series race so well okay okay um held on the road course at Indianapolis, from 2005 uh you know like like um to 2007, as a support race to the U. S. Grand Prix.
4622.txt: This continues in Hard Luck, where he is the main um um so okay um antagonist, ditching Greg for his new girlfriend Abigail, though um so you know I mean um in the end, they break up and he becomes friends with Greg again.
1030.txt: Eventually she left the family out of desperation; in um uh I mean okay so Season 8, she contacts Booth for the first time I mean like so you know I mean in over two decades to invite him to her wedding.
4478.txt: The work of Shabeeba is significant, being the only leftist okay well like okay I mean youth organization in the whole area of the Persian Gulf um so um okay uh region which suffers authoritarian and social oppression, and where there is no real democratic experience.
511.txt: Austin was born in Ascot Vale, Victoria, Australia, and from 1927 to 1931 was a student at Melbourne Grammar School.
2837.txt: Noorjahan was a TV series produced by Cinevistaas, based on the um so I mean well well life of Mughal Queen Noorjahan which aired on Doordarshan in 2000 - 2001.
2949.txt: On the night of the game Allie tells Will about Jen and Lance and that he's King Arthur.
771.txt: Clingan founded Voicebox Youth Opera when working in South um um you know um um Australia from 1994 -- 1996 and she composed many music theatre pieces during this time.
640.txt: Browning had been drinking since the war, but his drinking became you know okay so okay you know chronic, and led to a severe nervous breakdown which forced his resignation from his position at the Palace.
2994.txt: Other members of the team became jealous of the tall, so well you know um uh handsome Bican's success, and he was sometimes called abusive names, such as 'Austrian bastard'.
3562.txt: Tavish Scott (born 6 May 1966) is a Scottish so you know uh well like Liberal Democrat politician, heir to the Garth Estate, Member of the Scottish Parliament for Shetland, and Minister for Transport.
193.txt: After Prince died in 1899 he I mean like okay uh okay was replaced by Reverend John Hugh Smyth - Pigott, you know like I mean okay so whose house in St John's Wood was visited by John Betjeman in his film Metro - land.
2860.txt: Offerdahal stayed at WMU for four years, majoring in bio-medicine, and starting every game over that time.
3121.txt: Prominent New York police detective Val O'Farrell had stated I mean so you know you know okay Cerofisi was 'one of the toughest men in the world'; I mean well uh well I mean police suspected Cirofisi of at least 6 homicides, however they were unable to charge him due to lack of evidence.
1990.txt: In addition, some deliveries may not be appropriate you know I mean um like so for a reverse auction, as back loads and part loads uh you know like like uh often require a degree of flexibility on the customer's part which can be prohibitive for transport providers.
160.txt: According to local media, attackers in four off um you know well I mean like - road vehicles planted two bombs, after their detonation, they so you know okay well I mean opened fire on worshipers at al - Rawadah mosque in Bir al - Abed.
3845.txt: The Sunday before Sands began his strike, 3, 500 people you know so uh I mean like marched through west Belfast; during the first hunger strike four months earlier the marchers had numbered 10, 000.
3947.txt: The character first appeared in the programme on 7 January 2010, and departed on 8 March 2011.
4718.txt: Tod had dabbled in music while at RISD with the you know I mean um like uh group Dig Dat Hole with future Cop so okay um well so Shoot Cop collaborator Phil Puleo and Jon Rose; the band recorded I mean okay uh like like an album named Kneejerk with Steve Albini, but only test pressings of the album were made.
2473.txt: Konzum operates in Serbia under the 'Idea' brand. Idea stores so uh I mean uh well are named Idea Mini, Idea Maxi, Idea Super or Idea Extra according to their sizes.
1018.txt: Established in 1997, on land originally bought from the Leni Lenape uh you know um uh okay Indians in 1683, the park covers an area of (approx) well well okay you know so 50. 6 acres, with a mixture of dirt and wood chipped nature trails.
1212.txt: Giske Bridge was opened in 1987 and had a toll until 2009.
2829.txt: No official track listing has been revealed except for 'Audience No um um I mean um like. 2', the first single released on May okay so well well you know 21st 2008, along with the instrumental track 'Fat so um um you know so Kid', and a cover of The Beatles 'Helter Skelter' as b - sides.
2266.txt: It was 'Natyacharya' Padma Shri Māni Mādhava Chākyār, a visionary so well like you know like and virtuoso of this art took Koothu and Kudiyattam outside you know okay so okay well the temples to the common people, who first performed Chakyar Koothu for All India Radio and Doordarshan.
1893.txt: In 2006 Channel 4 produced a TV non-fictional drama based uh I mean okay um so loosely on the riots from the perspective of an Asian family.
150.txt: According to Brooks, Henley was 'especially sadistic' in his participation okay like well like uh in the murders committed at 925 Schuler: before Corll vacated the you know so um so so address on June 26, Henley assisted Corll and Brooks in the like um okay you know uh abduction and murder of two youths named Billy Baulch and Johnny Delone.
2407.txt: Julie Gold is originally from Philadelphia; she graduated from uh okay you know like well the Philadelphia High School for Girls in 1974 uh I mean well you know I mean and from 1990 to 1994, she was a member okay so like I mean well of Four Bitchin' Babes, along with Christine Lavin, Megon McDonough, and Sally Fingerett.
1079.txt: Folded leaves offer less exposure to sunlight, so they like okay so okay okay are heated less thus reducing evaporation and conserving you know um well like well the remaining water in the plant and occur on the leaves I mean uh I mean um well of many monocotyledons but are probably best known in grasses.
2424.txt: KanJam was created in the 1980s by Charles Sciandra and Paul Swisher in Buffalo, New York, originally being called 'Trash Can Frisbee'.
4735.txt: Tommy Michael Smyth (pronounced Smith) (born in Knockbridge, County okay I mean I mean um um Louth, Republic of Ireland) is a leprechaun for ESPN, which he joined in February 1993 as a football analyst.
4046.txt: The film received highly positive reviews from critics and so so like so you know audiences, is the best - reviewed film in the 'X-Men' you know okay uh like like series and was considered by some as one of the best superhero films of all time.
995.txt: Elements of 'Dust My Broom' have been traced back to several earlier like um I mean you know okay blues songs and it has been suggested that Robert okay like uh you know so Johnson may have begun developing his version as early as 1933.
2901.txt: On August 2, 1999, Charles Moose became the 15th you know you know so okay you know Montgomery County (MD) Police Chief and was in charge of the Beltway Sniper investigation.
2919.txt: On March 1, the Blackhawks played in their um I mean uh I mean uh 2nd outdoor game in franchise history at Soldier Field in part of the new NHL Stadium Series.
3938.txt: The car's name is a reference to the General so well well so like Robert E. Lee and it bears a like okay you know you know okay Confederate flag on its roof, and also has a you know okay like um well horn which plays the first twelve notes of the song 'Dixie'.
1474.txt: He reprises his role in 'The Umbrella Chronicles', where uh uh I mean like like the events of 'Resident Evil 3' are revisited in like okay well you know well the 'Raccoon's Destruction' scenario, in which Carlos is a playable character alongside Jill Valentine.
989.txt: Egypt 1999, Portugal 2003, Tunisia 2005 and in 2009 made a okay you know um I mean okay return to International Handball with four appearances for Australia at you know okay so um um the Croatia 2009, where he was also the assistant coach of the team.
4336.txt: The school has about 30 children with the last name I mean okay um uh you know Bartlett (2009) and the town has a pub, a general store okay okay I mean well I mean and a post office as well as an oval and a swimming pool.
4220.txt: The newspaper, first published in 1829, was purchased in 1996 by the A. H. Belo Corporation.
3509.txt: Steve Ogden, the Bryan Republican who was elected in so okay um I mean I mean 1996 to Moore's former seat and still serves in okay uh so um like the chamber, called Moore' one of the giants of Texas politics uh um so okay well who built many of the things we take for granted today.
493.txt: At the election, Chris delivers a silly speech, so well okay uh I mean but after the votes are tallied, Chris unexpectedly wins the election, much to the surprise of Lois, Brian, and Stewie.
2051.txt: In recent years, however, the Rama population has increased you know okay like you know you know to around 2, 000 individuals, with a majority of you know well so um um the population living on the island of Rama Cay, which is located in the Bluefields Lagoon.
4978.txt: Years later, the two bears are living in so uh uh uh okay harmony with their nephew when an earthquake strikes their home, forcing them to seek shelter underground.
153.txt: According to Oswald, he met with four more Soviet officials I mean so uh like I mean that same day, who asked if he wanted to return to the so okay I mean okay like United States; he insisted to them that he wanted to live in the Soviet Union as a Soviet national.
2176.txt: It contains more extras than the previously released so like like so well US set, This remastered set was released in Region 1 on March 3 2009.
4548.txt: These only operate on arterial routes, therefore do not serve like um well well so the city extensively, with most routes within Edinburgh are operated by Lothian Buses.
2522.txt: Leaving school, Scaggs briefly joined the burgeoning rhythm and well like I mean you know I mean blues scene in London, then traveled on to Sweden well I mean okay you know like as a solo performer, and in 1965 recorded his solo debut album, 'Boz', which failed commercially.
4253.txt: The original chancel was a small timber one, but it has undergone many revisions since.
1228.txt: Graduated in architecture from the University of Science and so so um you know well Technology in Tehran in 1986, Tahmineh Milani started movie directing with well you know so well like Children of Divorce in 1989, after some experience as an assistant director.
2178.txt: It covered, along the boulevards des Maréchaux (Boulevards of so I mean uh well so the Marshals) of today, and a glacis extending to the location of today's Boulevard Périphérique.
1083.txt: Following her death, John Say married secondly as her well well like uh so third husband, Agnes Danvers, and died five years later on 12 April 1478.
2870.txt: On 1 May 1942 she was assigned to the '9th okay I mean so um okay U-boat Flotilla' and spent the rest of her career with that unit.
4465.txt: The vote was 3 - 2 in favor of excluding like okay I mean well um the pledge; quoted members said they found the 'under God' like I mean um uh um portion of the pledge 'offensive' because it violated the doctrine of separation of church and state.
4483.txt: The youngster made great strides in the 2008/09 you know uh uh I mean like season making a total of seven appearances in his like like you know okay um first season as a professional, making his debut as like like so so um a substitute for Orient in a home game against Doncaster Rovers on 19 April 2008.
3793.txt: The Navy befriends the ninjas and the ninjas then disappear with the help of smoke bombs.
3693.txt: The Diseases Database is based around a collection of so like I mean um I mean about 8, 500 concepts, called 'items', related to human medicine okay like uh well uh including diseases, drugs, symptoms, physical signs and abnormal laboratory results.
3991.txt: The crooked man is reputed to be the Scottish General you know so you know um like Sir Alexander Leslie, who signed a covenant securing religious and political freedom for Scotland.
4186.txt: The median income for a household in the city is so uh you know I mean like $ 29, 750, and the median income for a family is $ 35, 313.
4382.txt: The software was developed by two brothers, Paul and um uh okay you know you know David King after experiencing similar frustrations while working freelance; the well like like well I mean brothers wanted a software that would let them so uh you know okay like track their time, money and business miles in a single location.
1104.txt: For example, some green sulphur bacteria capture geothermal you know uh well like uh light for anoxygenic photosynthesis where half of the amount uh you know um uh like of geothermal heat is caused by the alpha decay of uranium and thorium within Earth's crust.
570.txt: Beth McCarthy or Beth McCarthy - Miller (born September 3, I mean you know um you know like 1963 in Elizabeth, New Jersey) was the director of NBCs 'Saturday Night Live' for eleven years.
3035.txt: Part of the evolution of Art Nouveau was the 'Exposition um uh like I mean uh Universelle' of 1900 in Paris, which presented an overview of the 'modern style' in every medium.
2141.txt: Initially known as the Focal Point Media Center, as part so I mean okay um I mean of the AND / OR Gallery in Seattle, the center um well uh uh like began with the help of Anne Focke, Heather Dew Oaksen, Jill Medvedow and Nori Sato.
4190.txt: The men of Traphill often formed bands of raiders well okay well okay you know which attacked local pro-Confederate citizens and hid escaped deserters well like uh okay like from the Confederate Army and escaped Union POWs from nearby prisoner - of - war camps.
3084.txt: Pomade is a greasy or waxy substance that makes hair look slick and shiny.
1363.txt: He has attracted attention for his work writing and directing I mean uh um you know well 'Secondhand Lions', and wrote the screenplays for 'The Iron Giant' and 'Dennis the Menace Strikes Again!'.
3524.txt: Stutz, a 5 '10' guard - forward from like um um okay uh Worcester, Massachusetts, attended the University of Rhode Island and Stutz so you know okay I mean okay played three seasons (1946 -- 1949) in the Basketball Association of uh well like so uh America as a member of the New York Knicks and Baltimore Bullets.
4916.txt: While the situation in the Philippines became desperate the three okay okay okay so I mean ships were forced to stop in Los um I mean I mean um I mean Angeles for repair and on 13 April General MacArthur reported like you know okay well okay blockade running was 'useless,' but the War Department decided to make the attempt.
4228.txt: The now armorless Collabos is used by Taiga you know I mean okay uh so as bait to lure Ex-Aid and Brave, in so uh uh like like which Snipe later released the Bugster to distract Ex-Aid before destroying it with Jet Critical Strike.
4159.txt: The line from Preston to Bamber Bridge via so uh you know uh uh Todd Lane remained open for freight trains until 1972 to serve Lostock Hall Gas Works.
915.txt: Due to my involvement in the yachting industry, I uh so I mean so like am quite knowledgeable in assisting in this industry as well as most other marine related information.
1868.txt: In 1999, they ventured into the U. S. With the uh um um well uh purchase of the money - losing, $ 300 million in I mean so I mean um well sales, Minnesota - based Snyders Drug Store chain; in 2001, so I mean okay you know so they purchased the U. S. - based Drug Emporium big - box discount chain.
3993.txt: The current Chief of Police is Thomas E. Smith, who okay okay well like like was sworn in on June 15th 2010, succeeding John M. Harrington, who had been the department's chief since 2004.
1707.txt: However, he was unsuccessful and was out hit wicket so like well I mean so for 184, having batted for 413 minutes and hit 19 fours.
4968.txt: Worton is a village in Wensleydale in the Yorkshire you know you know well I mean uh Dales in the Richmondshire district of North Yorkshire south of Bainbridge and Askrigg on the A684 road.
4760.txt: Two Wehrmacht officers and a small group of soldiers positioned I mean I mean you know okay like machine guns in the towers of Schloss Allner and opened um you know uh well like fire on the Americans as they launched boats into the river.
4215.txt: The new bridge, owned by TransLink, will span one well I mean um well well kilometre, have a clearance of 40 metres and create 13 kilometres of new road.
4823.txt: Van Halen bought the Frankenstrat's ash body like okay uh so so and maple neck for $ 130 from Wayne um okay like I mean you know Charvel and Lynn Ellsworth, who sold Boogie Body bodies and necks.
3259.txt: Sarah has a heart - to - heart um like so I mean I mean with Dolly, and acknowledges that her ex is now with okay um okay so I mean a woman fifteen years younger than her with a so so so okay you know baby on the way, after never being ready to have children with Sarah.
3438.txt: Sir John Hawker English, M. D. (1788 -- 1840), um well well so uh entered the employment of the king of Sweden as surgeon, and I mean I mean well so okay became surgeon - in - chief to the Swedish army.
2664.txt: Matthew Joseph Cohen (born September 28, 1982) is an American uh like um so like film and television actor best known for playing Aiden Dennison on the teen drama 'South of Nowhere'.
44.txt: 'Yana Yana' (in Arabic يانا يانا) is a famous Arabic language I mean like okay well like song in Egyptian Arabic by the Lebanese pan-Arab singer okay you know okay okay so Sabah lyrics written by Morsy Jamil Aziz and music by Baligh Hamdi.
2123.txt: Included in this forecast was another revision in the projected well you know well uh so revenue from charitable gambling sources, from the previous estimate like you know you know um well of $ 16 million, down to $ 1. 7 million, I mean so okay I mean like a further 90 % reduction in the estimate for 2013 revenue.
1197.txt: George Lewis Ruffin (16 December 1834 - 19 November you know I mean okay like um 1886) was the first African - American to graduate from well like you know um I mean Harvard Law School in 1869, and the first African American to serve on the Boston City Council.
732.txt: Charlie and Leatherface take the Sheriff's body home and okay so you know well like butcher him for stew meat, telling the rest of the family well like you know like like that they will not leave and with 'good people like the sheriff here' they'll never go hungry again.
4891.txt: When the program was revived in 1982, the school so okay you know you know um did not have a large budget and coach Erk Russell so you know um okay okay ordered solid blue helmets and asked the players to put a white strip of tape down the middle.
4908.txt: While in service to the government, he studied at Oxford like I mean you know well uh University in 1957 -- 1958 and completed a Master of Public Administration at Harvard University in 1964.
2013.txt: In coming weeks, seeking to distance himself from his daughter's legal okay um you know so well problems and bad publicity, jockey Santos was represented by so so well uh I mean two lawyers who told the Mineola court he could not post bail for his daughter.
931.txt: During his 19 - year (1983 -- 2001) playing career, he so so you know I mean well threw and batted right - handed, stood tall and weighed.
1926.txt: In April 2013, it was revealed he was you know um I mean like uh not short - listed for the top job but applied after you know I mean um you know um he received a phone call from Prime Minister John Key; the two have known each other since childhood.
1982.txt: In September 'Richmond' came to the assistance of the Turks you know like like okay I mean and Caicos Islands when the region was struck by well uh like well I mean Hurricane Frances though fortunately the Turks and Caicos Islands suffered only minimal damage to buildings.
1127.txt: Four months later, Gilberto Rodríguez was recaptured by Colombian like like I mean you know um authorities in Cali during March 2004, accused of having shipped 150 well okay well well so kilograms of cocaine to the US in 1990, a um like um well well crime which he had not previously confessed and therefore allowed for his new arrest.
3800.txt: The Ocean Observatories Initiative (OOI), a project funded like uh well um well by the National Science Foundation (NSF), will you know so you know you know I mean deliver data and data products for a 25 - year um okay you know um you know - plus time period within an expandable architecture that can meet emerging technical advances in ocean science.
2961.txt: One of her most notable projects was Tutti, so like okay you know uh a restaurant in downtown Lafayette that was an upstairs uh like I mean you know so dining room for adults and a downstairs playroom for children.
4399.txt: The stadium has hosted 10 ODI matches, the first okay like uh like okay one was played between India and West Indies on 22 January 1988.
4811.txt: Using infected puppies as bait, the plan seemed work for well well so okay um a while, resulting in a mass exodus of mutant rats to the surface to die.
4389.txt: The song sold over 100, 000 copies alone in the you know I mean so so I mean southern states and then Cash began to tour with Elvis I mean you know I mean uh like Presley (among other artists from the record business) soon after it's release.
2684.txt: Membership is not necessarily voluntary, as it well uh um you know um may be effectively required in order to work, which like so you know like you know is why some people use the term common okay okay you know like well - interest association to describe groups which form out of a like well like okay you know common interest although this term is not widely used or understood.
2413.txt: Jung - Mo Lee (Hangul: 이정모; born March 26, 1944) you know like like so you know is a Korean cognitive psychologist and cognitive scientist studying language, um okay well like so human memory, history of psychology, and foundations of Cognitive Science.
359.txt: An update to this report was released in November like uh uh like like 2010 which outlined many new developments, including the impact of 2009 um well you know okay so post-election violence and continuing tensions surrounding the Iranian nuclear program.
2739.txt: Morality ( from the Latin 'manner, character, proper behavior' ) well well um you know well is the differentiation of intentions, decisions, and actions between so um okay uh um those that are distinguished as proper and those that are improper.
2615.txt: Manaphy is available to a player of 'Pokémon Diamond' uh like um you know you know or 'Pokémon Pearl' as soon as the player has gained you know uh okay so okay access to the Jubilife TV Station, assuming that I mean so you know like okay the player has fulfilled all the requirements for the Manaphy egg in Pokémon Ranger.
1995.txt: In addition to his military service, due to the influence I mean you know okay uh okay of the 2nd Duke of Newcastle, he was a Member of you know like um I mean I mean Parliament and was named Governor of Gibraltar, but died before assuming the post.
3649.txt: The British discovered Pau and its climate and left um like uh okay so their imprint, partly because Wellington left a garrison well okay like um so there in 1814 after defeating Marshal Soult at okay well you know like so Orthez (some 40 km to the NW) on his way so uh so like um into France from Spain towards the end of the Peninsular War.
472.txt: At 6 '6', 273 lbs, Brooks led the 1984 team with so you know I mean well I mean six sacks and 13 tackles for loss, and he was well so you know okay so selected for the second consecutive year as an All - Big Ten player.
4328.txt: The role is defined in standard forms of contract such as you know you know um okay okay those published by the Joint Contracts Tribunal. Clerks of I mean okay well you know I mean Works are also the most highly qualified non-commissioned tradesmen in the Royal Engineers.
1110.txt: For the next several months, 'Drum' operated in her local homeport so um you know uh uh operating areas before her next WESTPAC deployment in October, which included visits to Guam and the Philippines.
2918.txt: On March 1, 2007, he was released one um I mean so you know well year after he signed a four - year, $ 14 million contract.
1731.txt: Huber retired as president of the Carpenters at the so well um um okay end of his term in 1912, and was succeeded by James Kirby.
2320.txt: Its origins can be traced back to the 17th century, well uh um well well when the Habsburg duchy of Carniola was divided into three administrative okay I mean I mean well uh districts, given by the scholar Johann Weikhard von Valvasor in um okay well well um his 1689 work 'The Glory of the Duchy of Carniola'.
1060.txt: Father Reder, a priest summoned by a nurse arrives to um I mean you know like well give the patient the last rites, but Bernhardi refuses like I mean um uh I mean him admission wishing to spare her the anguish she would so well you know uh um suffer were she to realize that she is about to die.
231.txt: After missing the playoffs for two straight seasons, the Cavaliers um uh so um okay got off to a strong start winning their first four like well uh like okay games on their way to a solid 15 -- 7 start.
4101.txt: The girls share their first kiss while in the water, okay uh well uh uh bikini - clad, resulting in the two girls having you know well um you know I mean sex for the first time, later that night, in Tamsin's bed.
1704.txt: However, established New England political interests feared the growth of so well so uh um the West and a majority in the Federalist Party opposed the purchase.
2350.txt: Jason A. Heyward (born August 9, 1989 in Ridgewood, New I mean like you know so uh Jersey) nicknamed 'J - Hey' is a Major League Baseball right fielder for the Atlanta Braves.
3674.txt: The College is also one of the largest providers of workforce like um uh uh well training, adult literacy programs, and non-credit classes in a four - well like well um well county region and the only community college in Pennsylvania to offer on - campus housing.
498.txt: At the start of the Second Sino - Japanese okay I mean so so so War in 1937, Japanese troops overran the salterns in North China I mean uh you know like like and soon more than half the salt revenue was so uh like well well either not collected, kept by needy local governments, or taken by the Japanese.
3824.txt: The Royals became the first team since the Oakland Athletics well well like like um in 1989 to win the World Series after uh well you know so okay losing in the previous year, and the second consecutive like um uh like I mean year the World Series was won on the road.
3538.txt: Suresh Pachouri entered Politics as an Indian Youth Congress uh you know so you know uh worker in the early Seventies and became General Secretary of the Madhya Pradesh Youth Congress (I) from 1981 - 83.
1273.txt: Hanlon was born in Bristol and grew up on the Dorset coast.
530.txt: Basic Combat Training (BCT) consists of the first uh like well okay um ten weeks of the total Basic Training period, and is identical for all Army, Army Reserve, and Army National Guard recruits.
3803.txt: The OnePlus One has received a positive reception, although um you know um like I mean the original distribution via an invite - only order system made it hard for reviewers to recommend.
1722.txt: However, the battle does not end here; all the power well like uh okay you know spheres combine to create one final War God who seems unstoppable.
3747.txt: The Japanese bonsai are meant to evoke the essential spirit I mean uh well okay you know of the plant being used: in all cases, they well um so um like must look natural and never show the intervention of human hands.
888.txt: Dolphin hunting largely ceased after 1980, partly because the okay well well like okay protest caused some embarrassment to Japan, but perhaps also because dolphins stopped showing up in great numbers off Iki.
2736.txt: Monsoor was awarded the Silver Star for this action and was also awarded the Bronze Star for his service in Iraq.
1357.txt: He had one further spell in employment outside of um well I mean I mean um Westminster politics when he lost office in 1992, as okay so well you know so the Development Manager of ATB - Landbase Cymru from 1993 to 1997.
2081.txt: In the South German dialects (bairisch), 'dirndl' originally referred to well you know um I mean I mean a young woman or a girl, and 'dirndlkleid' to the dress.
2618.txt: Mangalore has the highest literacy rate in Karnataka with okay like okay I mean you know 94. 03 % significantly higher than the national average of 59. 5 per cent.
4271.txt: The physicians were required to examine the victim before the I mean okay okay so okay punishment and to remain throughout, in general though, physicians never uh um okay so uh actually examined the victims and never objected to the punishments.
4095.txt: The fruit is also known as 'Baby Mandarin', 'Tiny so okay like um so Tangerine' and 'Mini Mandarin', all are given names of you know like um I mean okay the same species and hail from the same unique geographical area.
1133.txt: Franklin County is a county located in the okay well well you know okay U. S. State of Illinois, in the southern portion known locally as 'Little Egypt'.
2164.txt: It began as a research study in 1985, the study was funded by the Winston - Salem Foundation.
3302.txt: Several poets felt a kinship between writing poems like okay you know so I mean and painting, and the abstracts spun a variety of so okay okay well I mean responses: divination of personal relationships, glimpsed mythical forces, laughter, even Oscar Wilde.
3761.txt: The Leyland Tiger Cub (coded as PSUC1) was a okay you know I mean I mean well lightweight underfloor - engined chassis built by Leyland Motors I mean uh okay like um between 1951 and 1970, most as 44 -- or 45 - seat buses, with a smaller number as coaches.
634.txt: Bridgman's first assignment in aviation was in 1913 when I mean well like okay well he was age 18 and one of his drawings was used to illustrate the Hendon Air Race program.
4333.txt: The sandwich is not vegan, as it has um like so like like dairy components, and is one of BK's health conscious oriented menu items.
4434.txt: The title track was also recorded in the sessions for um uh so like well this album, but was left unreleased until its appearance on their next album, 'Physical Graffiti'.
4535.txt: There was an uneasy calm built during the two okay you know um so um years of emergency but the discontent lead to a you know uh uh like um wave in favour of Janata party which swept the Congress out of power in 1977.
4008.txt: The draft has not resolved such contradictions and most well okay um um so likely NEVER WILL as it's an informal (unresolved) term that has well well like you know I mean fallen out of favour with academics, and apart from that no one is working on the draft.
2458.txt: Kimberlé Williams Crenshaw (born 1959) is an American civil rights um like so you know um advocate, scholar in the field of critical race theory, and a I mean like well so I mean professor at UCLA School of Law and Columbia so so so I mean well Law School, where she specializes in race and gender issues.
2393.txt: Joseph Aston (1762 -- 19 October 1844) so um I mean okay I mean was an English journalist, dramatist, and miscellaneous writer, you know you know I mean you know so born in 1762, the son of William Aston, gunsmith, of Deansgate, in Manchester.
4828.txt: Various local media reports claim that the school management had you know like so um well destroyed or atleast tried to hide the evidence I mean um so um well before the police arrived and they alleged that fellow I mean uh like um uh students were asked to wash spilled blood and other um so okay uh I mean evidence so that the fingerprint and other marks could not be identified.
2999.txt: Ouma Rusks ( - literally 'Grandmother's Rusks' ) so well okay okay okay are a well known South African brand of rusks - a um I mean I mean you know um traditional South African snack that is dipped in coffee or tea before being eaten.
653.txt: But, in a reversal of policy in 1877, General Oliver you know so um like like O. Howard threatened to attack if the Indians did not uh I mean well well so relocate to an Idaho reservation that was only a small fraction of their original territory.
3891.txt: The actual vector of a plate's motion is a well like well so uh function of all the forces acting on the plate; however, like you know um um okay therein remains the problem regarding what degree each process contributes to the motion of each tectonic plate.
1230.txt: Graham Jones is a Welsh professional rugby league I mean um uh well you know footballer who played in the 1950s, playing at representative uh like well like uh level for Wales, and at club level for Salford, as a, i. E. Number 6.
3867.txt: The United States presidential election of 1876 was the like so uh okay so 23rd quadrennial presidential election, held on Tuesday, November 7, 1876.
123.txt: A total of 25 North Pacific Giant Octopuses were captured that day, ranging in weight from 4 to 57 pounds.
4207.txt: The name 'Sioux' was adopted in English by the 1760s um I mean well um okay from French, where the name is first attested by Jean Nicolet in 1640.
86.txt: A large guerrilla force was able to trap well uh you know uh you know and cut off the column of armoured cars in the uh okay well like like valley; over 30 Elands were captured during the failed offensive and some were destroyed.
1843.txt: In 1982, Prater started touring with Sam Daniels, billed as Sam & Dave.
2002.txt: In an effort to embarrass his uncle, Joffrey so uh um uh uh departs with the stepstool Tyrion was to use to cloak okay you know well like um Sansa with the Lannister colors; however Tyrion gets Sansa to kneel, and they are soon after married.
1334.txt: He died in Monmouth, Illinois on July 19, 1874, and was interred in Monmouth Cemetery.
3837.txt: The Slavic people were simply considered uncultured and inferior by the um you know I mean well uh Nazis, the Nazis feared the fertility of the Slavs and called for a depopulation policy towards them.
4962.txt: Women studying bookkeeping were allowed to study with the men uh like you know like like in the Bookkeeping Department, while other women could enroll in uh you know okay um okay the Ladies Department, which offered instruction in penmanship, Belles - lettres, drawing, and French.
716.txt: Cecil Rhodes King (January 13, 1898 - March 17, 1974) well so I mean um I mean was an American businessperson and politician. The Democrat King like okay um like so served as the first United States Representative from California's 17th uh um so so like congressional district for fourteen terms, serving from August 1942 to January 1969.
2516.txt: Later on, more bus lines were added to the Bus Station, you know um uh uh uh a transport congestion started forming in the station, and as well I mean you know okay like a result bus stations started spreading towards the surrounding like like like like well streets of the station's building and the area became a busy transportation center.
2255.txt: It participates in lectures and other projects with the local well like okay so um university and the local authority, and among its members are guides in thelocal IGY groups.
379.txt: Another Roman Catholic bishop, Anton Stefanov, calls Arbanasi in 1685 like uh I mean you know okay a village of Greeks and Albanians which ranks first like um okay well like in Dacia, and there were local merchants in Italy, Hungary, Poland and particularly in Muscovy.
457.txt: As the only ethnic Chinese peer in The I mean you know so well okay House of Lords, Lord Wei also takes an um so well you know okay interest in British Chinese community issues, particularly uh I mean like so well in social reform and also economic, cultural and cultural ties between the UK and China.
3409.txt: Simon is an extremely successful freestyle skier who is okay uh um um um constantly innovating the sport as well as winning I mean um uh I mean I mean a total of 2 Gold Medals in the Winter X-games.
3999.txt: The day after Feltre, 20 July, Mussolini met uh um uh well well Ambrosio twice, and the second time he told him uh okay okay like okay that he had decided to write to Hitler to ask him to exit the alliance.
468.txt: At 06: 22 the aircraft crashed into the ground uh uh like okay like on the outskirts of Dürrenäsch, approximately 35 km from Zürich / Kloten Airport.
4515.txt: There are usually bus services such as the Kopaja I mean so like you know I mean buses and the more sophisticated TransJakarta bus rapid transit uh uh um so so which is the longest bus rapid transit system in like well um so uh the world, boasting some in 13 corridors and 10 cross-corridor routes and carrying 430, 000 passengers daily in 2016.
1514.txt: He was a highly intelligent student with a well so uh okay um deep interest in social justice and a gifted linguist uh well you know like well from an early age, he learned to speak perfect French and then German and Spanish.
2710.txt: Miller lived in Ohio before moving to Milwaukee, Wisconsin, okay okay well so you know and he describes himself as a 'Plenipotentiary - Judge', an ambassador, banker, postmaster, Miller, David Wynn.
720.txt: Cell 95: 839 - 846 The protein is largely I mean okay you know like uh localized to small cytoplasmic vesicles between the flagellar pocket okay okay well you know okay and the nucleus and binds to ApoL1 using a coiled I mean like well okay well -- coiled interaction at the ApoL1 SRA interacting domain while within the trypanosome lysosome.
4585.txt: They have performed with Mos Def, Aquilla Sadalla, Phil Cohran and at the North Sea Jazz Festival.
3857.txt: The Town of Tchula is served by the like so well you know so Holmes County School DistrictTheir Schools are S. V. Marshall High and Elementary And Milston Middle.
3384.txt: She was born born on March 4, 1921 in Pirituba um well so like I mean principality of São Gonçalo do Amarante and died from a um um well um uh heart attack at the age of 91 on March 27, 2012 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
3856.txt: The Town of Homer was established when Onondaga like so you know like uh County was formed in 1794 before Cortland County was formed from Onondaga County.
4241.txt: The operation failed to achieve its objectives by like I mean well okay so the end of 25 June and the 49th Division I mean so well okay I mean continued the attack southwards until 1 July, when uh well like okay okay the division saw off a strong attack by elements of 2nd SS Panzer Division Das Reich.
134.txt: A woman named Jan Snyder a block away reported um uh uh like uh hearing a car outside her window with a loud backfiring muffler.
4856.txt: Watts was born in Stuttgart, Baden - Württemberg, the only child like uh well so um of Christiane and Charles Alphonso Watts; his mother is French and his father is African - American.
2276.txt: It was built in 1906 and designed by Frederick Walters and is a Grade II listed building.
2367.txt: Jimmy Ruffin was born in Collinsville, Mississippi, and was approaching his fifth birthday when his brother David was born.
4468.txt: The water initially flows in two paths before well um you know I mean uh joining up and passing under Kentish Town and Kings Cross, like I mean I mean uh so running down Farringdon Street, and joining the Thames beneath Blackfriars Bridge.
4901.txt: While Osorkon II's precise reign length is unknown, some Egyptologists like well uh like I mean such as Von Beckerath -- in his 1997 okay uh well so you know book Chronology of the Egyptian Pharaohs -- and Aidan well uh um like I mean Dodson have suggested a range of between 38 to 39 years.
568.txt: Bernie 'B - Man' Mangiboyat is a bass player and founding member for the rock group The Fifth.
3078.txt: Pierre Deland was born the child of Jean Pierre Deland, violinist um uh okay okay um of the royal chapell; his grandfather Louis Antoine Deland was from so you know um you know you know Luxemburg, originally har dresser of the queen, and his oncle, I mean uh okay I mean um Louis Deland, was the master of the Royal Swedish Ballet.
3234.txt: Ryrie's health failed rapidly during his last days, well okay so okay um falling unconscious and dying at 1: 30 a. M. On 22 February, aged 63.
2701.txt: Michael says the only wealth in this world like well well well you know is children, and, caring for his children's welfare, permits uh um you know um uh Kay to educate them although she has kept them from their father.
3161.txt: Referred in the media as the Prince I mean I mean you know I mean uh of Tollywood, he is one of the most popular and influential okay so I mean like okay actors of Telugu cinema, and is described as the superstar of Telugu cinema by the audience.
578.txt: Bigham was awarded the Bank of America Neighborhood Hero Award well so you know okay so for the prom as well as the Bob like I mean like I mean well Speltzer Community Service Award by the Q Center for I mean so um I mean I mean his work on LGBT issues and the Community Hero Award uh you know so you know so in Education from PHAME for his work with the special needs population.
276.txt: Aided by Wild Child, their plan consisted of dropping Logan into I mean uh like okay like molten steel, however as Wild Child was preparing to finish the job, Omega Red interrupted him.
2061.txt: In the 1600s, a french pirate, Jambe de uh um so uh I mean Bois, used pigeon Island as his base, he forged an agreement uh okay you know I mean uh with the Caribs, so that they would not attack his ship.
2462.txt: Kjell Stefan Löfvén (; born 21 July 1957 ) well um well I mean um is a Swedish politician who has been Prime Minister of Sweden since 3 October 2014.
4366.txt: The show also depicts the interactions between Tia, her daughters, (Tania um well um uh like and Mariah) and twin sons ( Kanani and Keli'i ) all four well well you know well you know who help run the center. , and Villalobos' staff of volunteers you know you know so uh you know and employees, many of whom are the eponymous parolees.
1539.txt: He was educated at Kunstakademie Düsseldorf during the 1960's and curently lives in Aurdal in Valdres.
959.txt: During the siege the army of Barbarossa suffered heavy um uh so uh uh losses due Sarmiento's men stubborn resistance, but Castelnuovo eventually uh well well uh okay fell in Ottoman hands and almost all the Spanish defenders, including Sarmiento, were killed.
3777.txt: The Marine Corps will lead an investigation into the incident, so so you know like you know which will include salvaging the fuselages of the two you know well I mean I mean you know helicopters, which were located approximately two miles off shore, under 325 feet of water.
3526.txt: Subsequently, the KKK attempts to plant a bomb beneath Jake's porch, leading okay like like um so him to send his wife and daughter out of town until the trial is over.
1585.txt: Henry and Hugh Mór battled for supremacy over two decades, and well so you know well you know Henry was subject to long imprisonment by Hugh; but I mean uh so so uh after Henry's son married Hugh's daughter he fought for Hugh during the Nine Years' War.
3898.txt: The album features the lead single 'Hollywood's Not America, 'which well okay okay uh uh was featured as the' exit song 'during the seventh season of like okay well uh okay the American reality series' American Idol', giving Ferras a moderate amount of exposure and publicity for the song.
4148.txt: The last power - up for Judge is unknown; perhaps uh I mean you know like you know a Solar - Aura to take control over the planet.
3138.txt: Rachel has the power of telekinesis, she enters the door and it shuts itself behind her.
3327.txt: She certainly married Sir William at Bradgate but that okay well I mean okay okay in itself does not prove that Bess was in you know well you know okay well service at Bradgate and it remains possible that she met Sir William elsewhere, possibly at Codnor.
4579.txt: They drink together, and she tells him of her parents' death uh uh so uh okay in a drunk driving accident, which her sister witnessed, but Sara did not.
825.txt: Dalton Maldonado (born October 20, 1995) is an American high school okay okay like you know um basketball player, and in 2015 was featured as you know you know you know you know like one of the most influential people in the LGBT community by the magazine 'Out'.
1144.txt: From 0 to 100 km / h will be given you know so so you know um as 5. 6 seconds and maximum speed reaches 265 km / h. Only five Tatra MTX V8s were ever built.
1121.txt: Fort Mackay / Horizon Airport is an airfield built to service well uh so like um the Horizon Oil Sands project of Canadian Natural Resources Ltd. (CNQ well um you know well you know - NYSE / TSX), and is built and certified for aircraft up to and including B737.
1092.txt: Following this, in 1961 the Empire closed for extensive internal reconstruction so like like so okay to a design by Architect George Coles; almost all you know um you know you know uh the original ornate plasterwork was removed with only two small sections remaining, hidden behind false walls and ceilings.
4863.txt: West Oxford's locomotive depot was closed, and on 9 February well you know I mean uh well 1931 the branch became goods only and the link from the Eyreton Branch was closed.
4334.txt: The scene is live performance based, and large reggae okay um uh like um festivals occur annually in Raglan and Kaikoura, and local so okay like I mean so reggae artists are an intergral part of the live music scene.
1724.txt: However, the return of Goulding meant Briers was dropped um you know okay um I mean to the reserves, missing out on an appearance in the final so well uh um so & Warrington Wolves stepped in to secure his signature in a £ 65, 000 move.
3530.txt: Suffering from an illness, he took refuge with the I mean um well um like king's brother Gusulf, where he noted that Abbas did not I mean you know okay you know you know ask for the usual bottle of urine, and the doctor who came to examine him was inexperienced.
904.txt: Dr. Stonehill is a composite of the many great scientists I mean you know well I mean I mean and researchers that Crowley worked with over the I mean uh I mean so okay years, among them Dr. William Canfield and Dr. Yuan - Tsong Chen.
3365.txt: She resembles her comic incarnation, just apparently younger with a I mean so you know well well cat mask, which is the only part of her visible uh uh well um well when she turns invisible, much like the Cheshire Cat in 'Alice In Wonderland'.
4393.txt: The southern facing panels are photovoltaic trackers and are highly efficient, uh uh you know like I mean generating thirty percent more energy than panels that do not move.
198.txt: After a few months, Khushi and Arnav fall in you know uh okay like you know love with each other again and after an argument, Arnav um so okay I mean well decides to go on a trip overseas but manages to get kidnapped.
2748.txt: Most disk partitioning schemes are designed to have files occupy well so like uh so a multiple of sectors regardless of the file's actual size files well well well uh like that do not fill a whole sector will have the remainder of their last sector filled with zeroes.
1443.txt: He met his wife in Dalian and his girlfriend was um okay uh um you know a student of the Hong Kong Institute of Education when he was playing for Citizen and South China.
4314.txt: The raw clay is mined from a vein that well well well well um the artisans say is chemically unique but at current okay so so so you know rates of exploitation this vein may be exhausted in about fifty years.
1997.txt: In addition to the seven individual event winners, um okay I mean so um there is also an overall champion titled the All uh okay uh um you know - Around Cowboy, all eight winners receive the National Circuit Championship gold belt - buckle.
614.txt: Born in the village of Uhryniv Staryi, in the Kalush District okay um um you know like of Galiсia, then part of the Austro - Hungarian well well so well okay Empire, in present day Ukraine, Stepan's father, Andriy I mean um you know uh um Bandera, was the Greek - Catholic rite parish priest of Uhryniv Staryi.
4802.txt: Unsold stock was apparently finally cleared from the uh well well so like Hatfield warehouse during 1988, the US Lone Star expert Dallas okay so uh you know uh. J. Mallerich was apparently offered any remaining OOO railway stock but the price quoted was too high.
4737.txt: Tomáš Holý (born 10 December 1991) is a professional okay you know so uh well Czech football goalkeeper currently playing for Gillingham after signing a two and a half year contract on 20 January 2017.
4295.txt: The previous voyages had been in search of the mythical Strait of okay like so you know well Anián and the Island of California, which according to you know um I mean um you know a previously published romance novel in Spain, was supposedly well okay like well like a terrestrial paradise populated only by dark - skinned women.
2430.txt: Kate eventually strengthened to a strong Category 3 hurricane okay well like like you know on October 4 and slipped southeast of Newfoundland while a Category 1 hurricane.
487.txt: At the age of 100, he was one of you know okay well um you know the oldest Catholic bishops; he still lives in Amboina, one of the Moluccan islands in Indonesia.
636.txt: Brooke Gabrielle Fraser Ligertwood, better known as Brooke so you know okay I mean so Fraser (born 15 December 1983), is a New Zealand you know well well well like musician best known for her third studio album 'Flags', and hit single 'Something in the Water'.
3627.txt: The Amsterdam Mohawks are a collegiate summer I mean well uh okay uh baseball team based in Amsterdam, New York and play in the Perfect Game Collegiate Baseball League.
3559.txt: Tarek Al Ali (born 6 February 1986) is a Lebanese footballer who plays for Al - Mabarrah in Lebanon.
2988.txt: Originating from Athens, Greece, Angelos Derlopas has won some so I mean I mean like so good reviews on GodsOfMusic. Com, on listen. Com and has uh so okay like uh earned distinctive spots on various site charts like mp3 uh I mean so I mean okay. Com, gained a profitable orbit on mp3. Com and was nominated for a movie soundtrack on flicker. Com with 'Insalubrious'.
315.txt: Altamira Press, 2002 The status of women in pre-Columbian Maya okay you know okay um you know society can be inferred only from their elaborate burial okay um so so okay sMaya societies include Toniná, a city which became like I mean like um okay matrilineal after the death of the powerful leader, Lady K’awil.
893.txt: Donald Howard, the Baron Strathcona and Mount Royal well well um you know like became its first honorary president and, upon his death, was succeeded by the like well like uh okay Prince Arthur, the Duke of Connaught and Strathearn, a previous Governor - General of Canada.
2481.txt: Kristopher Michael Pooley (born October 30, 1976) is an American well I mean like uh um rock musician from Detroit that is most popular for like you know so so well his work with Gwen Stefani as her touring keyboardist, programmer, and musical director.
4216.txt: The new design was used as the basis of I mean you know well so I mean the E class, supplied by Neilson and Company in well um so I mean you know 1904, and in the same year the Central South uh like okay like well African Railways introduced the F class, built by the Vulcan Foundry.
519.txt: Back in the schoolroom, Jessamy went to the cupboard to so so well I mean um see if Fanny's hat was there, but the door you know like well you know okay closed behind her and she found herself back in the present, still in her dressing gown, holding the torch.
3688.txt: The Dedham Public School System (Dedham Public Schools) like so okay so I mean is a PK -- 12 graded school district in like I mean I mean okay um Massachusetts and is the oldest public school system in the country.
3573.txt: Terrestrial orchids have been found to commonly associate uh well you know you know I mean with Tulasnellaceae, while epiphytic fungi may associate more commonly with limited clades of 'rhizoctonia', a polyphyletic grouping.
2606.txt: Major - General Sir Henry Havelock, KCB (5 April 1795 um okay uh like I mean -- 24 November 1857) was a British general so you know like okay you know who is particularly associated with India and his recapture of Cawnpore from rebels during Indian Rebellion of 1857.
15.txt: 'Hotel California' topped the 'Billboard' Hot 100 singles chart for like you know okay um I mean one week in May 1977 and peaked at number 10 on the Easy Listening chart.
426.txt: As a result, the Devil's Advocate is indefinitely banned from the English Wikipedia.
168.txt: According to this article (see reference) the whole um you know you know like uh tour in Australia will approximately earn $ 56 million, though, uh okay um so uh with the addition of extra dates, the new Australian leg grossing stands at just over $ 70 million.
4551.txt: These two proposed freeways were planned as toll roads, and in well uh so like okay 1962, the New Jersey Expressway Authority Act was signed into law, you know you know well um um creating the New Jersey Expressway Authority that was to manage both the Atlantic City and Cape May expressways.
3229.txt: Russell is a town of 1, 700 located in southwestern Manitoba, Canada, west of Silver Creek Municipality.
1608.txt: Herpich came up with the idea to replace uh well uh so well Ward with a futuristic man named Cuber; furthermore, Herpich um I mean well uh so crafted Cuber's dialogue so that it would sound um okay so like like like it was a 'dialect from thousand of years in the future'.
3135.txt: Rabbi Jose ben Halafta, known for his commentary in the haggadah.
4194.txt: The mission was the longest continuous mission ever attempted so so uh okay well by Twentieth Air Force, a distance and a duration of 17 hours.
4232.txt: The office of High Sheriff of Greater London was created like you know um I mean so in 1965 and covers the ceremonial county of I mean um uh like uh Greater London and does not cover the City of London, which has its own two Sheriffs.
28.txt: 'Paper Plane' is a rock song originally by Status um you know like I mean well Quo, which was released as a single in 1972 um you know I mean I mean like (reaching number 8 in the UK Singles Chart) and on their album 'Piledriver'.
2201.txt: It is a part of the San Francisco Bay you know like I mean I mean um Area. By 2030 San Ramon will have 81, 700 like you know well uh uh residents making it 5th largest city in Contra Costa County.
2365.txt: Jill made blueberry BBQ chicken with scalloped carrot I mean um well you know so and potato, Christina thought that the chicken had unexpectedly great well uh you know you know well flavor, the gratin was delicious but had too much cream and herbs in it.
2970.txt: One particular defender of the idea of species I mean uh I mean uh so selection is S. J. Gould who has proposed the uh like well um well view that there exist macroevolutionary processes which shape evolution uh okay so um well beyond the level of species and are not driven by the microevolutionary mechanisms already characterized by evolutionary biologists.
3859.txt: The Turks were looting and pillaging the countryside, for well like so like well two years Thrace was in the hands of I mean so well I mean I mean Halil Pasha, the local inhabitants did not cultivate their lands at the time.
2895.txt: On 9 January 2011, at a political meeting at so well um um like the Silver Tassie Hotel, Letterkenny, Blaney disclosed that like okay so okay like he and his wife had agreed to an you know um so you know like amicable separation and that he had moved out of the family home in Rosnakill, Fanad.
2839.txt: Nordenskiöld Land is the warmest and wettest part of the so uh so well you know archipelago, caused by the convergence of mild and humid air from the south and cold air from the north.
3798.txt: The North Eastern Railway (NER), unlike many other of so you know well okay um the pre-Grouping companies, had a relatively compact territory, having the district it covered to itself.
1437.txt: He made his film debut in 1935 in 'The well well like well um Case of Gabriel Perry', and spent the remainder of like you know like okay uh the decade playing supporting roles in films, often being credited with 'stealing the scene' from the star.
4721.txt: Today, only passenger traffic, uses the remaining tunnels and all 4 modern lines are fully bidirectional.
4063.txt: The first documented use of the term is within a well so like well so song featuring producer and lyricist Rebel MC, in which a you know okay I mean okay I mean sample was taken from a much older dancehall tune you know you know I mean like like containing the lyrics 'Rebel got this chant -' alla the junglists'.
4557.txt: They all share the same chemical composition of AlPO um so um uh you know 4 and have framework structures with microporous cavities like uh well uh uh and the frameworks are made up of alternating AlO 4 and PO 4 tetrahedra.
125.txt: A troll threatened them as they came, one by I mean like um okay I mean one; the two older ran off, but the youngest set so uh um uh so out, having asked for food, and when the troll threatened so um like you know well him, he pulled out some cheese and squeezed it until whey came out.
1675.txt: Hoc is mentioned as the father of Hnæf (d you know so so uh well. 450?) and Hildeburh in the Old English poems 'Beowulf' well I mean uh uh uh and the 'Finnsburg Fragment', but he may be a mythical so so uh so I mean tribal ancestor, because Widsith says that Hnæf ruled over the Hocings.
2825.txt: Niobe is a fictional character from the 'Matrix' I mean well okay um okay film series, portrayed by actor Jada Pinkett Smith, wife of actor Will Smith.
4071.txt: The first season of Sam & Cataired on Nickelodeon I mean you know so so so from June 8, 2013 to July 17, 2014. The like um like okay um season introduces, Jennette McCurdy as Sam Puckett, Ariana Grande as Cat Valentine, and Cameron Ocasio as Dice Corleone.
1404.txt: He is known for his intense, powerful, energetic style and well I mean you know uh so his rendering of pieces of the celebrated Sufi mystic poet Amir Khusro.
436.txt: As evidenced by the book's great popularity, in 1894 so I mean um like so the scenario of such an alliance seemed plausible uh I mean okay you know so to the British public; only four years later, Britain you know I mean uh like uh and France were indeed on the verge of war during the Fashoda Incident.
3835.txt: The Simister Village Community Association formed in 2000 is in the process well well well uh well of developing a 10 acre wetland site having already installed stone paths well you know uh well I mean at a cost of £ 30, 000 funded by grants obtained by the Committee.
4068.txt: The first offshore wind farm was installed in Denmark in so like uh uh um 1991, and the installed capacity of European offshore wind farms reached 3 GW in 2010.
2798.txt: Nemir A. Kirdar is an Iraqi billionaire, businessman and financier, well well okay so um he is the executive chairman & CEO of Investcorp, a private uh okay uh you know you know equity investment group operating out of New York, London and Bahrain.
842.txt: David Zennie is an American, Los Angeles based well like um well you know award - winning filmmaker who has produced and directed so um so okay I mean over 70 professional productions working on various formats you know I mean you know like you know such as 35mm, ARRI ALEXA, and the RED Epic.
2584.txt: Lunghar, also incorrectly called 'Nunghar' is a village um you know like um so located north of Ukhrul in Ukhrul district, Manipur uh uh so so you know state, India Lunghar is villagers called Lunghar uh so I mean okay um as Lunghir and the villagers communicate each other with Luhir dialect.
2833.txt: No. 3, Winter 2002 In 1949, she married Mel Thayne; they became the parents of five daughters.
2993.txt: Other drugs are adulterated with substances to create addiction, an I mean you know you know well I mean example being the adulteration of cannabis in B. C. Canada with methamphetamine.
442.txt: As it was designed to be a summer retreat for the um you know you know so okay aristocracy, it was built alongside the lake; so like um well like the villa was named after an elm planted uh like okay uh like in the middle of the ornate gardens, which is no longer alive today.
3553.txt: Takara Co. , Ltd. Was a Japanese toy company founded um uh so so uh in 1955, that merged with another prominent Japanese you know okay uh you know you know toy company, Tomy Co. , Ltd. , on March 1, 2006.
4935.txt: Willy Monfret is a French Caribbean model / actor / I mean well so you know okay DJ and is the only child of a French mother and a French Caribbean father from the island of Guadeloupe.
3394.txt: She won three gold medals at the 1967 Pan okay well um like okay American Games and a record 35 national championships and 24 North American championships.
844.txt: Dayananda notes that she published seven similar books where I mean um well okay I mean the lead character is not am ambitious feminist but is you know well uh you know uh a woman based in the home but a sensitive woman I mean so okay uh so who is beginning to realise that her gender's role may not always be submissive.
2624.txt: Many exhibitions and art events were held in the space um um okay like I mean but as of 2005 though, the popularity of Mr. Gibbons' work internationally caused a change.
258.txt: After the match Taylor reacted angrily when van Barneveld attempted to like uh so um so pull him back to congratulate him after their handshake, with so you know uh you know like the pair being escorted from the stage separately by security staff.
1512.txt: He was a devout Anglican in the high church tradition and like you know um so well a benefactor to local churches, paying for the restoration of so okay uh uh I mean his local church and for the building of new churches in two villages on his estates.
1156.txt: From his father he had inherited a war against the okay well well well you know Byzantine Empire and against the Turks in the east, and well um so well I mean negotiations of peace had just begun with the Emperor Tiberius II, so okay okay um you know but Hormizd IV haughtily declined to cede anything of the conquests of his father.
1167.txt: GEC Marconi built a site at Waterlooville for their Underwater Systems in the early 1980s, for the Stingray anti submarine torpedo.
889.txt: Dom's 'Rhino Technique' is based on Karate well like so I mean like putting a strong emphasis on chopping and slashing with okay well uh uh okay his Rhino Blade to enhance the effects of his moves.
1416.txt: He is the reason why Manx is no longer a part okay so like uh you know of the FCPD, and Manx desipises him for that; althought he appears to have a crush on Manx.
4324.txt: The results of an ECG will point to a heart I mean you know so you know I mean illness and can only be deciphered to be athlete's heart well so you know uh okay through careful examination by a health care practioner which will well you know okay I mean uh commonly notice normal systolic and diastolic functions but will see left ventricular wall thickening.
288.txt: All Australian states require that firearms must be locked in um you know you know well like steel cabinets or safes, with the ammunition (and bolt um you know uh well okay if readily removed) stored either in a separate safe or in a separate locked section of the safe.
1640.txt: His first published work is called, 'I Am Number 8' um well like well I mean and parallels a look at King David's life with uh so so uh I mean his own focusing and revealing that you can be overlooked, undervalued, but not forgotten by God.
1459.txt: He practiced law in Chicago at Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP I mean uh like you know uh and Roberts McGivney Zagotta LLP before becoming a baseball um um well so like agent and Baseball Operations Coordinator at Excel Sports um you know like uh you know Management, a full - service sports agency headquartered in New York City.
239.txt: After retiring as a player, Richards went into local government in Wolverhampton; uh I mean like well you know later returning to Wolves as managing director in 1994, a post he held until 2000.
67.txt: A doghouse (chiefly in American English) or a kennel is a okay you know you know um okay small shed, often built in the shape of a little you know I mean okay I mean like house, in which a dog is kept or can run into for shelter from the elements.
4645.txt: This proposal resonated with Tom Bailey's vision of okay so I mean okay so providing further education to a wider section of the community, the lost '60 %'.
441.txt: As it is updated manually it does not reflect okay uh um you know like the current content of either site, however it includes versions of articles that have been previously deleted.
3490.txt: Spiezio signed another one - year deal to play you know I mean I mean uh uh the 2010 season for the Newark Bears. He hit. 279 okay I mean um okay I mean with 3 homeruns and 35 runs batted in while appearing in 52 games.
144.txt: Abbeyknockmoy GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association club like like uh well you know located in Abbeyknockmoy, County Galway, Ireland and is almost exclusively concerned with the game of hurling.
3435.txt: Since then, the Miami Children's Museum relocated to the well like you know like well island and as of 2004, the State of Florida was um um uh like so offering a site in the Island Gardens project on Watson Island I mean so well like uh to host the Free Trade Area of the Americas (FTAA) Permanent Secretariat.
793.txt: Construction on the bridge started in mid- 2009 and was completed on 24 August 2012.
3681.txt: The Council was officially registered in India and its headquarters is in New Delhi, India.
3001.txt: Outgoing President Vladislav Ardzinba was nominated by the national - patriotic movement Apsny, he stood unopposed in the election.
1826.txt: In 1957 the squadron was relocated to Truax Field well well so um well. The 61st transitioned to the F - 80 you know um well you know well Shooting Star and later was the first squadron to fly the F - 86 Sabre.
1923.txt: In 2015/16 they faced eventual winners ABC like um so okay I mean / UMinho in the opening round but their well well like okay okay domestic campaign ended with a 5th place finish like you know you know so like and therefore the team missed out on a EHF Challenge Cup place for the 2016/17 season.
140.txt: Aardvark is stuck on a deserted island where like uh okay so like the only food he has is coconuts, but he wants to go to another island with lots of ants.
4199.txt: The most widely spoken Min language is Hokkien, which I mean you know um I mean you know includes the Amoy dialect of southern Fujian, Taiwanese so okay okay like well in Taiwan, Teochew dialect in Chaoshan and Fuzhounese in Fuzhou.
4441.txt: The townspeople don't seem to mind, as she is an attractive I mean well you know okay okay female (believing that statutory rape is not a crime if well like well um so the perpetrator is a beautiful woman), and as far as Ike is concerned, Kyle is dead to him.
1472.txt: He released his first two recordings in Australia before you know like so well well moving to england In 1965, where he worked as a solo artist and accompanist at various folk clubs.
987.txt: Edyta Górniak (born 14 November 1972, Ziębice, Poland) like uh like I mean okay is a Polish pop singer noted for possessing a wide vocal range of approximately four octaves.
3968.txt: The committee's investigations made national news headlines several times, you know um you know so so the first in mid- 1935, as the committee launched you know you know um uh okay a major probe into utility companies funding opposition to like well okay like um the Wheeler - Rayburn Act, a utility regulation bill pending before Congress.
1351.txt: He graduated in Law and Economics at the University of well you know well uh well Deusto, and completed follow - up studies at the École Pratique uh so so well okay des Hautes Études in Paris and the 'Senior okay like I mean you know I mean managers in Government' program at the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University.
1304.txt: He became Naval Adjutant or aide to Kaiser Wilhelm II well uh like so okay 1888m and, in 1889, Chief of the German Imperial Naval Cabinet.
3380.txt: She was also a trend starter, the fact that Taglioni so you know you know well you know scandalously shortened her skirts for La Sylphide to show off her well uh I mean so well feet, began the slow transition from long ballet skirts to the short tutu.
1353.txt: He grew up on Martha's Vineyard and worked in the Edgartown okay well I mean like well School as an instructional technology specialist and as an you know well um um I mean Instructional Designer at Hunter College Campus Schools in New York City.
101.txt: A pair of black Alfa Romeo 159 Ti cars appeared in um I mean uh you know um the opening scenes of the 2008 James Bond film so okay like okay you know 'Quantum of Solace', in the car chase with James Bond's Aston Martin DBS V12 around Lake Garda, Italy.
2495.txt: Lancelot Edward Seth Ward (7 August 1875 -- 27 well I mean like uh well August 1929) was a career solider who commanded the First like so okay well like Battalion of the King's African Rifles in the first - class cricket for Somerset between 1913 and 1920.
2646.txt: Marlo played a major role in the Captain Marvel so um I mean uh okay series until she developed feelings for the superheroine Moondragon and Rick left her.
2826.txt: Nippon Connection is a festival for Japanese film which takes uh uh well so uh place in Frankfurt am Main every year in spring or early summer.
3779.txt: The Melbourne College of Divinity (MCD) is located in Melbourne, in uh like you know uh um the Australian state of Victoria, it was constituted by a 1910 Act of the Parliament of Victoria.
46.txt: 'You Got the Dirtee Love' is featured on the you know you know you know you know well 'Dirtee Deluxe Edition' of Dizzee Rascal's 'Tongue n' Cheek 'album; the track charted in Ireland following the album's release.
3664.txt: The Center for Jewish Values has published a 'seven you know well so like so - volume series,' Mareh Mekomos on Bein Adom L'Chavero', with comprehensive sources on all Bein Adom L'Chavero topics.
3406.txt: Sidonie was a pious Catholic woman who abhorred violence um uh I mean okay so and therefore refused to accompany her husband during his wars at Groningen and Friesland.
409.txt: Arthur learns that though he joined the firm later, Julius so um so so okay Penrose, Arthur's other partner, has been aware of the embezzlement for some time.
3628.txt: The Ancient Church of the East ( ' I mean I mean you know so well ʿĒtā ʿAttīqtā d'Maḏnəḥā', ) is a continuation in the um well well I mean like traditions of the Church of the East, one of uh like um you know well the oldest Christian churches whose origins trace back to the See of Seleucia - Ctesiphon in central Mesopotamia.
2861.txt: Often referred to as Tokiwachi by the rest of the um okay so so well characters, Tokiwa is a transfer student who moved to so like you know um okay Meirin's school apparently solely for the purpose of wooing her.
1794.txt: In 1895, Joseon Kingdom of Korea became independent from uh uh I mean um um Qing Dynasty when the Japanese Empire defeated so I mean so so uh China in the First Sino - Japanese War you know um um okay I mean to made China discontinue the influence on Korea and renounce any so well um well okay claims to the country by the Treaty of Shimonoseki.
61.txt: A clipper was a very fast sailing ship of the you know uh well well I mean 19th century that had three or more masts and a square rig.
4975.txt: Yarchagumba '(Cordyceps sinensis)' also popularly known as Yarsagumba (or I mean well well um so Yarshagumba) in Nepal, is a rare species of parasitic fungus that grows on the bodies of insect larvae.
4248.txt: The original 1965 Broadway production ran for 2, 328 performances and won so you know you know well so five Tony Awards, and the musical has been revived uh well I mean you know okay four times on Broadway, becoming one of the most enduring works of musical theatre.
2425.txt: Karimnagar is a city and Municipal Corporation in the state of Andhra so like like like um Pradesh, it is located on the banks of the Manair River, which is a tributary of the Godavari River.
1440.txt: He maintains close contact with the Belgian revisionist um I mean um uh uh organisation Vrij Historisch Onderzoek (VHO) and after his release from okay I mean you know you know you know prison he was from 1997 state chairman of you know well well I mean uh the far - right NPD party for North Rhine - Westphalia.
2440.txt: Kessler attended Centennial High School in Bakersfield, California, and played for Centennial's football team.
4066.txt: The first historical reference to the castle occurs well so uh uh you know in 1191, when King Richard I of England captured okay like like well um it on his way to the Third Crusade by so you know you know well okay defeating Isaac Comnenus, an upstart local governor who had proclaimed himself emperor.
12.txt: 'Flying Easy Loving Crazy' is Toshinobu Kubota's thirty - so so so um so third single, featuring R&B singer Misia, released on March 26, 2008.
3886.txt: The X-Jet arrives to pick them up but are attacked so like well um um by the Air Force, however, they manage to defeat them, and the X-Men team up with Magneto and Mystique.
146.txt: Ablaze Communications or simply ABLAZE was formerly known as so okay well I mean I mean 'Flame Ministries' CFC launched Ablaze Communications as a subsidiary of uh I mean you know um so the organization involved in production of audio - visual presentations I mean well okay okay uh and merchandizing of products that serves as a tool for a pastoral growth.
3636.txt: The Aurelian Walls where built between 270 and like uh I mean so um 273, by Roman Emperor Aurelian to defend the city of Rome, capital of the Roman Empire by barbarian attacks.
2064.txt: In the 1950s and 1960s industrial exposure to cadmium was high, but um I mean um like I mean as the toxic effects of cadmium became I mean so you know okay so apparent, industrial limits on cadmium exposure have been reduced so like um uh I mean in most industrialized nations and many policy makers agree on the need to reduce exposure further.
1606.txt: Here, the second Fast Forward of the Race was presented, okay okay well like uh which required teams to locate a harbor in Ajaccio and don old - style diving suits weighing more than each.
4442.txt: The track is owned by Panoz Motorsports, and you know uh um so you know is the home to Petit Le Mans, as well as AMA motorcycle racing and smaller events throughout the year.
4654.txt: This station also houses a large Emergency Tender ( uh so you know well so Call Sign: 'NO4' ) The station is located on Railway Row in Sunderland.
3441.txt: Sixth formers do not have to wear uniform, although so uh you know uh okay there is a dress code, however in 2006 'Smart Fridays' I mean like like so um were introduced and business attire must be worn on this day each week.
393.txt: Approximately 97 % of currently practicing anesthesiologist assistants hold a um I mean so I mean well Master's degree with some early anesthesiologist assistant graduates holding Bachelor's um well well uh so degrees making up the remainder; all newly credentialed and future anesthesiologist assistants must complete an accredited Master's program for anesthesiologist assistants.
2761.txt: Mr Justice Sayed Zahid Hussain has taken oath as a Chief Justice of the Lahore High Court.
2741.txt: More concrete evidence is provided by the number of boat um uh um well so houses marked on old maps, including two on like I mean okay well um the Arborfield estate, one of which still exists, um um well um I mean one near Mill Lane at Sindlesham, and another at Woodley, near to Colmansmoor Lane.
3944.txt: The centrifugal propulsion was later replaced by a conventional engine and so uh like you know okay propeller mounted on the tail of the airship; the rolled like I mean um uh I mean seams intended to hold the panels together subsequently unrolled well I mean uh well um owing to gas pressure created by superheat during an attempted launch of the airship.
3171.txt: Resistor - diode networks and FETs are sometimes used so uh you know um um for the nonlinear element, but a simpler traditional solution is well okay so um uh to use a thermistor or an ordinary incandescent like I mean okay uh I mean light bulb; both provide a resistance that increases with temperature as the current through them increases.
4082.txt: The following off - season, he signed as a like you know um you know you know free agent with the New York Rangers on July 13, 1999, replacing uh um like you know you know Dan Cloutier, who had been traded away, as Mike Richter's backup.
3630.txt: The Arabs rejected the partition of Palestine, but like like you know um so the Jews declared the independence of the State of Israel in May 1948.
3689.txt: The Delhi - Ambala - Kalka line was I mean I mean you know uh okay opened in 1891, and the Chandigarh - Sahnewal line (also referred um I mean like okay so to as Ludhiana - Chandigarh rail link) was inaugurated in 2013.
2403.txt: Judicial discretion remains in determining the limits of testimony like like so uh um as well, such that any testimony that 'wastes time' or is irrelevant is barred.
2324.txt: Its runways were closed in the 1970s, and it is currently part of a wildlife refuge.
4537.txt: There was some initial evidence that statin therapy might reduce vasospasm, okay I mean okay uh okay however, a subsequent meta - analysis including three further trials did uh you know I mean so I mean not demonstrate evidence for benefit of statin use on either vasospasm or clinical outcomes.
1413.txt: He is the former Minister of Trade and Industry um like okay uh like for Venezuela and Director of its Central Bank and Executive Director of the World Bank.
1998.txt: In addition to this, without access to this crucial pass, Alexander you know um you know uh so could be cut off from Greece, which had freshly revolted, and would eventually do so again.
576.txt: Bhikshatana is often accompanied by women and bhuta - gana you know well like okay uh (goblin attendants of Shiva); one of the attendants -- placed well so well uh like to the left of Bhikshatana -- should carry a large uh okay okay uh uh bowl that is used for storing the food alms of Shiva.
3687.txt: The Deceptikonz are a New Zealand hip hop group you know you know okay well okay formed in 1996 and consists of Savage, Devolo, Alphrisk I mean uh well well like and Mareko and who formed in 1996 in the South Auckland suburb of Manurewa.
100.txt: A number of forts were built for the defence of you know you know um uh I mean the city just prior to the Second Boer War, though I mean so I mean so you know some are today in ruins, a number of them have been preserved as national monuments.
2402.txt: Juana María de la Concepción Méndez Gumán, commonly referred as so uh uh I mean you know Conny Méndez (11 April 1898 -- 26 November well so uh okay okay 1979) was a Venezuelan composer, singer, writer, caricaturist, actress and metaphysican.
566.txt: Bernard convinces Hacker to continue their conversation back in the Cabinet um okay like you know so Room, where he warns the PM that Luke is I mean I mean so like well actually the Foreign Office's 'man in Number 10' and is not to be trusted.
2621.txt: Many IETF RFCs use the term 'network order'; it well so well well like simply describes the order of transmission for bits and bytes 'over the wire' in network protocols.
2073.txt: In the 21st century, proposed megavitamin therapies with vitamin like you know so well you know C are being evaluated for their possible use in so uh well so um cancer, but clinical results have shown no effect on treating or reducing the risk of cancer.
3408.txt: Simon Fraser University, the University of Victoria, and the University well okay well okay so of British Columbia; before its completion they were joined by the University of Alberta.
829.txt: Daniel is mortally wounded, but before he dies, he gives Arytom okay okay okay like I mean his reward anyway, an envelope containing directions to a functioning missile silo.
2389.txt: Johnson appointed nine Article III federal judges during his presidency, um you know okay well uh all to United States district courts; he did not appoint a justice to serve on the Supreme Court.
114.txt: A slightly different mix (notably excluding the narration from the I mean like well okay you know album) was released as a single, and later included in the Moody Blues 'box set' Time Traveller'.
4775.txt: UTSA is San Antonio's only institution that competes in uh well I mean uh well Division I. UTSA will join the Western Athletic Conference well like so uh you know on July 1, 2012, later moved to Conference USA on July 1, 2013.
1958.txt: In June 1800 he took the Vienna oath of so um well I mean so citizenship and in May 1802 in Vienna Scots Church he married Josepha Fischer, he took over the workshop of Ignaz Christian Bartl.
4859.txt: We learn, at the last, to look at our brothers as uh uh well so uh aliens, men with whom we share a city, but um I mean so okay you know not a community; men bound to us in common dwelling, but not in common effort.
1947.txt: In February 2013 a party of armed men claiming to have well you know well uh um been sent by the Sultan of Sulu landed in Sabah uh okay um I mean like and several armed clashes occurred with Malaysian police, at least so so well okay you know 68 Sulu forces were killed including 2 civilians and 10 Malaysian forces.
857.txt: Despite being a relief pitcher, Womack led the team you know so well you know like in victories, also pacing the squad in games pitched and strikeouts.
1417.txt: He is the son of José A. 'Nía' Rivera, a you know okay I mean well I mean former mayor of Trujillo Alto, and Christina Schätzed at okay so I mean um like the Interamerican University Law School, where he graduated in 1992.
1096.txt: For 2014, the theme park will open Cbeebies land like okay you know uh um on the old side of Old MacDonald's Farmyard, it is scheduled to open on the 24th May 2014.
2677.txt: Medical exams and doctor testimony was presented in court well you know okay okay like to dispute the theory and in the special I mean okay well I mean like features section, Carpenter's second wife adamantly asserts that Carpenter was completely heterosexual.
1467.txt: He received his BA from the University of Chicago well like like I mean you know in 1989, and his PhD in 1993 at UCLA where his advisor was Basil Gordon.
1262.txt: Hall fought throughout with great ability, possibly not always wisely, considering uh I mean okay like uh that he had a young family to care for; so I mean um um um but as he said himself afterwards' I was young, generous and disinterested, but imprudent.
1815.txt: In 1937 she became a flight instructor, she also took like well so well okay part in some air aparades, flying single - seater UT - 1.
1180.txt: Gardiner was severely critical of all of Cranmer's arguments and cited so well so um well a range of sources supporting the doctrine of like you know so um well the Real Presence, such as the Book of Common Prayer, Martin I mean okay uh so uh Luther, Cranmer's own Catechism and other Lutheran writers.
2910.txt: On December 7, five defendants were given the death so uh okay okay um sentence, which was commutted to long prison terms, while so well well so you know other defendants were sentenced to different terms in prison.
2673.txt: Meanwhile, Wesley discovers information on this demon species. After like I mean like so like discovering that the demons are herbivores and eat half their um so okay well well weight in food each day, Cordelia and Wesley go looking for compost.
2976.txt: Operatic pop is a subgenre of pop music that uh I mean okay okay like is performed in an operatic style, or so I mean um okay uh a song, theme or motif from classical music stylized as like you know like like okay pop. The term 'popera' is used by some media editors and music reviewers.
2594.txt: MRI contrast agents alter the relaxation times of tissues and body you know um like like okay cavities where they are present, which depending on the image weighting can give a higher or lower signal.
2777.txt: Mussolini even had his sights set on the former okay uh like uh okay German colony of Cameroon and a territorial corridor connecting that territory to Libya.
803.txt: Cotap, Inc. Is a company that sells a mobile messaging um uh so so um application for businesses that was founded in so like okay like so May 2013 by former Yammer executives Jim Patterson and Zack Parker.
2338.txt: James 'Jim' McMahon (born 7 July 1980) is a British so you know well like I mean Labour Party politician, who currently serves as Leader you know you know okay so okay of Oldham Metropolitan Borough Council in Greater Manchester.
3937.txt: The campus was a host site for the like okay like okay okay Canadian Open Data Experience (CODE) appathon on the the weekend so okay okay um so of February 28 to March 2 2014, when participants from I mean you know I mean um um across Canada turned federal Open Data into interesting and beneficial applications.
3343.txt: She had been brutally raped and murdered there eight months um um like like I mean earlier by Jacob Delashmutt, Joseph Fiorella and Royce Casey uh you know okay so uh - all of whom are now imprisoned and serving 25 years to life.
384.txt: Another new provision covers people who suffer from discrimination you know um okay you know well by association can also take a case even if they do okay um I mean I mean um not fall into one of the nine specific groups which are covered under the legislation.
2315.txt: Its definition varies among the various jurisdictions limiting um like uh um so or prohibiting assault weapon manufacture, importation, sale, or possession, and legislative attempts are often made to change the definitions.
265.txt: After the war he became an advocate in Johannesburg, from 1902; he was made King's Counsel in 1910.
1411.txt: He is quick to anger at the perception of injustice, for I mean well so I mean like example, when Prime Minister Harriet Jones destroys the retreating you know okay um you know uh Sycorax ship against his wishes, he ruins her political career in retribution.
3655.txt: The Broken Condom', in which Superman quickly breaks up okay so like you know okay with Lois Lane after his X-ray vision reveals that she's well I mean like so um pregnant. Though in Superman Returns, the fifth movie in the franchise, Lois has so okay okay you know um a son, who is implied in the movie is Superman's son.
1234.txt: Grant was the commanding general during the Civil War, like you know I mean like okay had served two terms as president from 1869 to you know okay um uh um 1877, and was seeking an unprecedented third term in the office.
1668.txt: Historically, however, the WDGY callsign was used for okay okay like well like another well - known station in the area I mean you know well okay like from 1925 until 1991, today known as KFAN (see that article for more information).
1851.txt: In 1989, psychiatry professor John Olney reported ketamine caused irreversible changes in you know I mean like you know you know two small areas of the rat brain, which, however, has I mean um okay um um significant differences in metabolism from the human brain, so may not occur in humans.
1102.txt: For example, cooked spinach has a 5 % bioavailability of phylloquinone, okay so okay I mean so however, fat added to it increases bioavailability okay like so like um to 13 % due to the increased solubility of vitamin K in fat.
2165.txt: It begins by specifying which animals are forbidden and you know like like you know okay which are permissible to consume. This are verse 1 and verse 3.
3660.txt: The Car Park Lake has been described as one okay uh so I mean well of the most famous carp lakes in the country, whilst so well um so um the Sandhurst lake won the 'Best day ticket lake in Britain' award.
1666.txt: His work has been shown in many Los Angeles galleries and like um so okay so has been collected by among others Kevin Spacey and is I mean um well um like related to J. B. Priestley author of the play 'An Inspector Calls'.
3924.txt: The black drum ( 'Pogonias cromis' ), also known I mean uh you know you know so as 'Blue Drum' for its dark and hint of blue color, so well uh uh like is a saltwater fish similar to its cousin, the red drum.
4516.txt: There have been six murders, seven ongoing investigations of murders, uh like okay okay well and three missing person reports in the state since 2011 that I mean I mean uh so well were confirmed to be in retaliation of the victim's journalism career.
1388.txt: He is a close friend of the poet Linda Gregg to so okay um you know okay whom he was married for six years, and was okay I mean you know okay uh also married to Michiko Nogami (a language instructor based in well okay well like like San Francisco, now deceased, about whom he has written many of his poems).
581.txt: Billy was born with the heart condition uh you know well well so tetralogy of Fallot (TOF), that will require him to undergo uh I mean um okay you know at least three open heart surgeries in his life, like well well well well one of which was done when he was three days old.
177.txt: Additionally, the translation of the word slave is 'sklavos' and not like I mean uh I mean I mean 'doulos' which also shows that Greeks distinguish 'doulos' from slave.
2333.txt: Jacques Mesrine (; 28 December 1936 -- 2 November so I mean so well I mean 1979 ) was a French criminal responsible for numerous like you know like well well murders, bank robberies, burglaries, and kidnappings in France and Canada.
2303.txt: It was the Australian, Peter Norman, who suggested you know uh you know you know like Carlos wear Smith's left - handed glove, this being the uh well well okay you know reason behind him raising his left hand, as like well like like I mean opposed to his right, differing from the traditional Black Power salute.
1938.txt: In Edmonton, it is briefly concurrent with freeway sections of you know uh well like uh Highways 216 and 16 before bisecting the city of you know okay so uh okay St. Albert and reverting to two lanes en route to Athabasca.
627.txt: Boško Radišić (December 18, 1980 - June 2, 2009) was so okay well so uh the principal figure of the Serbian thrash metal scene, mostly um uh uh well you know known as the front man and vocalist in the Serbian thrash metal band Space Eater.
2682.txt: Members achieve bronze, silver, gold and platinum Body Magic I mean so um uh so awards -- platinum is achieved when members are routinely uh like okay you know you know exercising five times a week for thirty minutes at a time.
912.txt: Driving without due care and attention or careless driving is a uh you know um well so legal term for a particular type of moving traffic violation in the United States and the United Kingdom.
3046.txt: Pattaya developed into a popular beach resort; now greatly okay like okay you know okay expanded, it attracts over 4 million visitors a year.
4620.txt: This concept was redesigned in the 1990s by Swiss entrepreneur Denis like okay like okay well Naville, who focused on improving comfort, design, performance, and later well like um well like on a bunch of fitness programs were created as Kangoo Jumps Fitness Programs.
4439.txt: The town is the capital of the department, its inhabitants are known in French as 'Vésuliens'.
3882.txt: The Weston Boys Ski Team has won the 'Class S um like okay I mean well State Championship' for the past 8 years, recently in so I mean uh like okay the past two years the team has won the 'State Open Championship'.
4765.txt: Two of the more famous converts included by Khulusi were: I mean like I mean I mean um the Irish peer Rowland George Allanson - Winn, 5th Baron I mean well like so like Headley (1855 -- 1935), who was also known well okay uh I mean so by the adopted Muslim name Shaikh Rahmatullah al - Farooq.
1939.txt: In Essex, Canvey Island was inundated with the loss so okay uh uh uh of 58 lives and another 37 died when the seafront village of Jaywick near Clacton was flooded.
1123.txt: Founded by its former President, Jeff Jarrett, and former I mean so well um so CEO, Jerry Jarrett in 2002, The second largest promotion in the United States after WWE.
3720.txt: The German tank guns had neither the range nor uh um okay I mean so the power of the 76 mm main gun you know so okay I mean um of a KV - 1, and the narrower track well okay uh like you know width of the German tanks caused them to become trapped in the swampy ground.
418.txt: As a biologic, etanercept is subject to different laws than chemical formulations, you know um okay well okay and currently the United States does not permit the manufacture of generic biologics.
4004.txt: The diet aims to reproduce some of the you know you know so okay I mean metabolic changes seen during fasting, which had been shown you know um uh you know I mean to be effective in treating epilepsy but obviously not sustainable.
3545.txt: Svetozar Boroević (or Borojević) von Bojna (December 13, 1856 like like like uh okay -- May 23, 1920) was an Austro - Hungarian um well well I mean uh field marshal who was described as one of the finest defensive strategists of the First World War.
2632.txt: Many projects of varying sizes reach undesirable end results, such um well uh well like as structural collapse, cost overruns, and / or litigation reason, those like um like well like with experience in the field make detailed plans uh you know so uh uh and maintain careful oversight during the project to ensure a positive outcome.
1833.txt: In 1971, Company A (Niagara Falls) and Company so I mean uh you know you know B (Long Island NY) received and OH - 6 Cayuse, as well as the UH - 1 Iroquois.
4855.txt: Warren Herbert Chaney (born November 3, 1942), is an I mean well like okay like American author, filmmaker, business executive and a pioneer in early television.
3984.txt: The coronation of Stanisław Leszczyński was completed in early October like so well uh uh and peace between Poland and Sweden could be established so okay like so okay in November 1705, which allowed the Swedish king like you know uh well so to focus his attention on the Russian threat near Grodno.
314.txt: Also understanding the dangerous nature of their employer, well I mean like well well he keeps his witnessing of Brom Garret's murder to okay I mean okay like um himself lest he meet a similarly unfortunate accident; in return like you know so um well for his silence Dan Dority does not make known to Swearengen Ellsworth's status as a witness.
4640.txt: This note will appear beneath the article's entry on well like you know um um the nominations page and near the top of the article talk page.
1468.txt: He received his Master of Electrical Engineering degree at Chalmers so like okay okay I mean Institute of Technology in Gothenburg in 1962 and a Ph. D okay so so I mean so. At the Royal Institute of Technology in Stockholm in 1985 you know uh well uh okay on a thesis on Language Constructs for Large Real Time Systems.
697.txt: Capture molecules used are most commonly antibodies; however, more recently you know so so you know I mean there has been a push towards other types of capture I mean like um so so molecules which are more similar in their nature such as peptides or aptamers.
3870.txt: The University of Oklahoma men's basketball team has had 42 I mean um uh like well players drafted in the National Basketball Association (NBA) while the women's um so well like um basketball team had nine players drafted in the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA).
2824.txt: Nina died in 1938, aged 75 in London and was buried on 27 June 1938 at Glamis Castle.
956.txt: During the overnight fast the body naturally switches into like uh um uh you know ketosis (assuming no midnight snacking), and will switch back uh like you know well you know to glycolysis after a carbohydrate - rich meal.
2309.txt: It was written by Farhat Ishtiaq based on uh um so you know so her novel of the same name and it is directed by Haseeb Hassan.
4575.txt: They conduct an initial investigation, and conclude they should get okay so I mean so um involved, explaining to the Perron family that the house may require an exorcism.
2181.txt: It entered the 'Scottish corridor' opened beforehand by so uh well okay uh the 15th (Scottish) Division, and despite navigation mistakes which slowed you know so uh okay um down the 159th Infantry brigade in Mouen, it managed to seize the bridges at Grainville and Colleville.
1845.txt: In 1983, Ron resurfaced with Jan Pulsford and Phil Wigger like I mean uh I mean okay as the writers of the UK's Eurovision entry, 'I'm Never so okay you know uh like Giving it Up' by Sweet Dreams, which came in sixth in the song contest.
1084.txt: Following his Quetta visit and his near - year - okay um well so well long stay in Pakistan, he underwent secondary questioning, but both times uh so well well okay he said he was visiting family members and was cleared by immigration officials.
1397.txt: He is best known for his mixtape 'Evening okay you know um so well Out With Your Girlfriend' which includes features Matt and Kim, Will. I. Am, Ayọ, and The Arctic Monkeys.
4782.txt: Under Rothschild's tenure, the Yankees pitching staff well like uh um you know has posted a 3. 73 ERA in 2011, well okay okay okay um a 3. 84 ERA in 2012, a 3. 94 okay like like you know well ERA in 2013, a 3. 75 ERA in 2014, and a 4. 05 in 2015.
2104.txt: In the present, Louise then recites the same I mean you know well uh um words into the phone, which convinces Shang to call off his attack, and so the other nations resume contact.
259.txt: After the revelation, Mother Love would counsel the two sides; you know I mean uh like like if the guest had received an 'empty door,' a taped okay well well well uh response from the second person was aired, in which the person so um you know I mean so explained why he would not come to the door.
805.txt: Courtesy of Nazi science, the character has superhuman strength; um so you know um I mean endurance and durability, and is trained in the arts of warfare.
310.txt: Also, an active fetus, one that frequently repositions itself so you know you know uh so in the uterus can cause entanglement with the cord like you know well you know okay. A hyperactive fetus should be evaluated with ultrasound to rule out cord entanglement.
1809.txt: In 1929 Los Lobos and dancer Harry Fleming travelled I mean like well I mean uh to Europe, and after the tour, Alemán stayed in Madrid to play as a soloist.
3746.txt: The JOMA Project (Jovens Para Mudança e Acção or Youth you know well uh uh so for Change and Action) is aimed at reducing HIV transmission okay okay well well I mean among Mozambican youth, the project promotes positive behavior change in young uh uh you know uh well men by developing their ability to identify cultural norms and critique unhealthy gender stereotypes.
3594.txt: The 1960s were a mixed time for Napoli, they were relegated you know okay okay uh I mean in 1961, but finished runners - up in Serie B the following season, regaining promotion.
2049.txt: In order to revive the population and defeat I mean you know I mean so I mean Peyote, Santos and Cabo Valdivia use their DNA to start the infection and save the world.
988.txt: Eglė Janulevičiūtė (born in Kaunas) is a Lithuanian classical pianist trained at the Lithuanian Academy of Music.
4798.txt: Unlike other large cities, Washington's downtown has a very I mean um okay uh well low skyline; with the advent of the skyscraper, residents were you know um um uh well concerned that the city's European feel might be dwarfed in high - rise buildings.
2902.txt: On August 20, 2015, he signed with the Pelicans, but well okay you know I mean uh was later waived by the team on October 24 after appearing in seven preseason games.
4754.txt: Tsumugi is a schoolmate that is rumored to have been uh um well you know um with the school before it was built that her peers call her 'baba - sama' (elderly woman).
4882.txt: When he was young, he participated in tennis tournaments in Guatemala I mean you know like like I mean City, and joined the CSD Municipal's lower divisions football team.
164.txt: According to the Sunni scholar Ibn Asakir in the 12th you know uh um uh I mean century, there were opportunities for female education in the medieval Islamic so I mean okay I mean you know world, writing that women could study, earn 'ijazahs' (academic degrees), and qualify as scholars and teachers.
1787.txt: In 1864 Rice settled in Little Rock, Arkansas and resumned I mean okay I mean well well his practice; he was active in organizing the Republican Party in um um uh like well the state, and was appointed the chair of a committee which in 1868 prepared the state's code of practice.
4345.txt: The season aired during the season three mid-season break of um so I mean well so 'Agents of S. H. I. E. L. D.' to low ratings but positive reviews.
1316.txt: He combined a property development business with a role you know okay you know you know you know as a commentator on motor sport, first at SBS TV um like you know okay I mean then on the Nine Network with Darrell Eastlake, then moving well I mean uh uh um with the TV coverage of the motorcycle Grand Prix series to Network Ten.
4944.txt: With communications out, and no way to reach the Moon without uh well um um so T - mat, those responsible for the system turn like so I mean like uh to Professor Daniel Eldred, who has been privately building a rocket in hopes of reigniting interest in space travel.
3510.txt: Stevens was Senate President four four terms, from 2009 to okay um uh well well 2012 and led a bipartisan coalition of 10 Democrats and 6 Republicans.
1952.txt: In January 1914, the French Army had 47 divisions, I mean well okay like okay composed of 777, 000 French troops and 47, 000 colonial um you know okay well um troops, organized into 21 regional corps, along with attached cavalry and field artillery.
2958.txt: One is in Delray Beach, Florida, United States, and is uh well well well um a part of Palm Beach County School District, and the okay uh like uh uh other is in Coconut Grove, Florida, United States, and like okay so well like is a part of Miami - Dade County Public Schools.
1986.txt: In Taiwan, bachelor degrees are about four years (with honors) so um you know you know you know and there is an entrance examination required for people who want to study in Master and PhD degrees.
4791.txt: United States Naval Institute v. Charter Communications, Inc. , so like okay well um 936 F. 2d 692 (Second Cir. 1991), a contract well I mean so so I mean case discussing the impropriety of punitive damages and favoring the theory of efficient breach.
775.txt: Clouds of laughing gas will turn Mudokons 'wired' (lime), causing okay okay I mean you know okay them to continue running in Abe's direction and they will okay I mean well uh like only calm down when slapped but the slap will have no effect if done within the gas cloud.
2856.txt: Odin then reveals himself to be the last of the race like you know so like I mean of creatures responsible for creating the fountain, and mocks Julie and Tyler for helping him get this far.
3095.txt: Power came from 1. 6 - litre carburetor and um well like you know okay 1. 8 - litre and 2. 0 - litre injection gasoline um okay you know uh uh engines; a 2. 0 - litre diesel followed from 1992 onwards, um uh okay uh I mean a 1. 6 - litre injection gasoline was introduced at the end of 1993.
18.txt: 'I Lost My Heart to a Starship Trooper', sometimes cited I mean so you know you know like as '(I Lost My Heart to a) Starship Trooper', is the you know you know you know like um first single by Hot Gossip, notable as the debut of the then teenage Sarah Brightman as a singer.
2879.txt: On 18 July, Hogg's naked body was found discarded in so well I mean you know so a ditch close to the Leicestershire village of Twycross: a I mean well like I mean well distance of from where she had been abducted, and just uh you know uh I mean okay 24 miles from where Susan's body had been found the previous year.
1972.txt: In May 2014 Flowers became goalkeeping coach of championship club like well like uh so Nottingham Forest he was hired as part of Stuart Pearce's backroom staff.
1045.txt: FBLA's national charity partner is the March of Dimes, well so you know so um and the March of Dimes provides grants of $ okay so well you know okay 1, 000 for local chapters and $ 2, 500 for state chapters to promote their goals.
2166.txt: It broadcasts on AM frequency 1600 kHz and I mean okay I mean well you know is under ownership of Multicultural Broadcasting with studios in Surrey, British Columbia.
1821.txt: In 1943 he and five other prisoners were convicted of 'anti-Japanese uh uh so I mean um activities' after a clandestine radio was found in well well I mean you know um the camp, and was transferred to Outram Road Prison in Singapore for the remainder of the war.
4237.txt: The only secondary school in the town, Frodsham School, like like I mean like I mean a science and technology college, has now closed and is due I mean you know you know I mean um to be converted into a health clinic and leisure centre.
3373.txt: She survived the war and continued in service with the Navy, finally being scrapped at Inverkeithing on 14 September 1962.
723.txt: Chaldean Christians ( Neo-Aramaic: ܟܲܠܕܵܝܹܐ 'Keldayee', Arabic: الكلدانيون okay like so um um ) are ethnic Assyrian adherents of the Chaldean Catholic Church, okay well um uh uh most of whom converted to catholicism from the Church of the East in the 17th and 18th centuries.
800.txt: Cornelius Vanderbilt II (November 27 1843 - September 12 1899) well I mean well so okay was the favorite grandson of Cornelius Vanderbilt, who left him so well okay okay like $ 5 million, and the eldest son of William Henry Vanderbilt, who left him close to $ 70 million.
992.txt: Ekman then focused on developing techniques for measuring facial muscular movements uh you know I mean well um that created facial expressions while also developing theories about emotion and deception through empirical research.
1141.txt: French reviews of the offensive, found that reserves had moved you know you know I mean so so close to the front, ready to exploit a breakthrough and well um so I mean you know had advanced on time, then bunched up with the leading divisions, you know um like like you know blocked the lines of communication and suffered many casualties while held up.
254.txt: After the construction of the Dan Ryan Expressway in uh I mean um okay so the 1960s, nearby parks, Hardin Square and Stanford Park, were you know uh so I mean um demolished, residents of Chinatown waited about thirty years for a replacement.
2.txt: 'Wilson should extend his stint on The Voice to renew I mean well I mean like like public interest in the band; given that they're pulling out well okay I mean uh okay all the stops, they deserve all the acclaim that surrounded them for their first two albums.
2899.txt: On Atlantis, the city shield is retracted to the um so like well so central tower and a team led by Zelenka works to so so well uh so repair the hyperdrive conduits to make them functional before um uh I mean like uh the city's power levels fall below the minimum level required to start the hyperdrive engines.
4102.txt: The goal of creative financing is generally to purchase, you know uh um um um or finance a property, with the buyer / investor using uh um um well uh as little of his own money as possible, otherwise known as leveraging, OPM ( Other People's Money ).
4692.txt: Through 2010 and 12 games Gurley's career statistics at South Carolina um you know I mean I mean I mean are as follows: 824 receiving yards (6 touchdowns, 70 receptions) Gurley's um like so you know okay last season for the Gamecocks he set a school record for 0 dropped passes during the 2010 season.
363.txt: Andrew Brunson is an American evangelical pastor of the Izmir Resurrection Church so um so I mean well who was imprisoned on 7 October 2016, where he so I mean okay so uh stands accused of being a member of the Gülen like you know I mean uh okay movement, which the Turkish government considers to be a terrorist organization.
1912.txt: In 2011 the port had an overall traffic well so um I mean you know of 88 million tons, it is located in two well you know uh like I mean main sites, in northern Marseille from La Joliette to l'Estaque well um uh I mean uh and in Fos - sur - Mer, about 50 km (31 mi) north west of Marseille.
3102.txt: Previously, the airport was served by American Airlines which offered like well okay you know uh direct flights from the United States however these flights have since ceased.
3572.txt: Terminators are able to carry a variety of weapons I mean like um so um into combat, although the most popular choice is I mean so I mean I mean uh a storm bolter and a powerfist (the latter also being known as a power glove).
1432.txt: He lived with his single mother in 1979, I mean I mean well you know um dropped out of Frank Lucas High School over his inability um so like okay I mean to dissect a frog, and was discovered after doing stand - up at the Apollo in 1984.
3219.txt: Roy Leslie McFarland (born 5 April 1948) is an I mean well um like uh English football manager who was also a player, notably at Derby I mean so okay um like County where he played 442 league games helping him to earn 28 caps for England.
3407.txt: Sigiriya (Lion Rock, , pronounced see - gee - okay um you know well uh REE - yah) is located in the central Matale I mean uh well well like District of the Central Province, Sri Lanka um like you know like you know in an area dominated by a massive column of rock nearly 200 meters high.
4565.txt: They are found mainly in the northern Indian states so okay like well so of Bihar and Uttar Pradesh, where their traditional occupation was that of rearing pigs.
4955.txt: Within a year of Callaghan taking office, the narrow Labour you know uh uh you know like majority was eliminated due to by - election defeats uh well um um you know and in order to remain in power, Labour formed the I mean I mean okay um like Lib - Lab pact in March 1977 and this remained in force for 16 months.
1906.txt: In 2010 she was appointed also as the Director I mean I mean so you know so of the 'Institute of Western Cultures', and since 2012 she serves as director of the 'European Forum'.
1607.txt: Herman is a farming district in L'Anse Township, Baraga County, you know um well so well Michigan that was established in 1901 by Herman Keranen.
1086.txt: Following release of the petition, he was able to okay um okay you know like escape from Iran to the United States, where he currently travels okay okay uh um um across the country, speaking in support of freedom and non-violent democratic reform in Iran.
1394.txt: He is an international speaker and writer, 24 of his books have been published.
4348.txt: The seat and the position were eventually filled on August um well like you know um 19, 2013 after the House began its second ordinary um like I mean so like session: so - and - so replaced Ferrer um you know you know I mean you know for representative at - large for the Popular Democratic Party well you know like okay okay while Carlos Bianchi Angleró was elected as Majority Whip.
3552.txt: T_Visionarium is an art installation by Neil Brown, Dennis Del well you know um okay um Favero, Matthew McGinityand Jeffrey Shaw and Peter Weibel developed well um I mean I mean well through the iCinema Centre for Interactive Cinema Research at The I mean so um you know like University of New South Wales in co-operation with ZKM Center for Art and Media, Karlsruhe.
4703.txt: Tigrinya should not be confused with the related Tigre I mean you know well you know okay language, which is spoken in the lowland regions of Eritrea, to the north and west of the Tigrinya speech area.
1632.txt: His father did well for himself and later sent Iosif to Europe, where he studied briefly at the Sorbonne.
3445.txt: Small island between Japan and Korea, which is currently occupied by Korean navy.
1828.txt: In 1960 it was consolidated with the Erie Railroad to become the okay uh okay okay so Erie Lackawanna Railway; it operated from 1960 to 1976, when it was absorbed by Conrail.
831.txt: Dany Sabourin ( born September 2, 1980 in um uh like so so Val d'Or, Quebec ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey uh you know you know um I mean goalie who plays in the National Hockey League for the Vancouver Canucks.
3602.txt: The 2006 Tri-nations tournament is currently being held in so okay I mean uh so Australia and New Zealand, and the United Kingdom will host the next tournament in 2009.
4229.txt: The number must be unique and may not you know I mean I mean so um contain any information about the person to whom it is so well uh I mean you know assigned i. E. No information such as so so so you know like e. G. Gender or date of birth can be derived from a BSN.
4614.txt: This began a pattern of speculative ventures that he ran so so well um okay alongside regular employment, which he later described as 'drifting into theatrical work'.
4030.txt: The family derived its name from the settlement Eszterháza like okay well I mean um near Dunajská Streda in today's southwestern Slovakia you know you know like um you know (the settlement does not exist anymore and is not to okay I mean I mean you know I mean be confused with the later castle of the same name), which they inhabited since the Middle Ages.
885.txt: Dobbs (Skeet Ulrich) begins to have second thoughts about I mean um so um okay the operation and agrees with Ty to get the like uh like well um fuse Mike removed from the engine but is caught uh you know um you know well trying to put it back and Palmer stabs him to death.
2323.txt: Its repertoire, sung in four - part harmony, well well okay uh you know encompasses a wide range of secular Jewish music, so like you know um uh classical works on Jewish themes and songs of many countries but you know I mean I mean well I mean specializes in Yiddish folk songs and songs of a working class character.
1719.txt: However, she was faced with a larger obstacle, during I mean um I mean like you know her 11th grade, her father was diagnosed with lung cancer, though he later recovered after treatment.
3072.txt: Phoebe and Piper are lured to the dark side (much to um so so well you know the worry of Leo) and relish in their new well you know well well I mean evil powers when a shape - shifting warlock and well okay uh I mean uh demonic priestess trick Prue into a shotgun wedding in an effort to steal the Book of Shadows.
3755.txt: The Kingdom of Italy on 8 September 1943 signed a uh you know like um I mean truce with the Allies and Wehrmacht and Waffen - okay uh you know like well SS disarmed Italian troops unless they were fighting for the German cause.
1847.txt: In 1984, he graduated Medical School with a Doctor I mean um uh I mean uh of Medicine degree, but his deteriorating eyesight forced him to abandon his dreams of becoming an astronaut.
4346.txt: The season champions are declared and awarding ceremonies set on October 22, 2011 at Garage88.
3317.txt: She attempts to when Dylan proposes to Haley (Sarah Hyland) like like you know well uh around the campfire one night, which causes Claire (Julie you know you know um uh you know Bowen) to instantly say no for Haley, leading to Dylan running away.
4843.txt: Viv's parents are Mo Porter (Laila Morse) and Stuart you know uh okay um so Mullins, a one - night stand; she is brought I mean okay I mean like like up by Mo and stepfather Jimmy Harris (Alex King), with little contact with her father.
1020.txt: Etobicoke was a former federal electoral district represented in the Canadian House um like like like okay of Commons, and located in the province of Ontario.
1205.txt: Getty wrote that Bülow showed 'remarkable forbearance and good nature' uh um um I mean like as his occasional whipping boy, and Bülow remained with Getty until 1968.
3622.txt: The Allied victory turned the tide in the okay you know well like um North African Campaign and ended Axis hopes of occupying Egypt, taking well I mean I mean um you know control of the Suez Canal, and gaining access to the Middle Eastern and Persian oil fields.
4050.txt: The film starts in a room full of bomb making okay uh uh okay so material and newspaper articles about LTTE bombings in Sri like you know so you know okay Lanka, the screen then cuts to a typical busy morning in Colombo.
1531.txt: He was born in Newport Street, Long Acre, Westminster, the so so like like I mean third son of John Horne, a poulterer in Newport Market, whose uh well um uh um business the youth, when at Eton College, described to his friends as a 'turkey merchant'.
1806.txt: In 1924 he served as his father's construction you know like I mean like okay manager for three simultaneous, difficult Los Angeles - you know uh um like uh area projects for which he helped develop the uh like so you know like distinctive concrete textile - blocks used on those structures: like um okay so uh the Storer House, the Ennis House and the Freeman House.
2220.txt: It is located adjacent to the grounds of the Pro so you know uh I mean well Football Hall of Fame and hosts the annual Pro Football well so like like uh Hall of Fame Game, along with various high school and college football games.
268.txt: After this, Williams' version released another two albums of original material so okay I mean uh so and he went on to pursue other projects before committing suicide on April 1, 1998.
791.txt: Construction began on widening the highway in April 2008, I mean okay so uh um and in March 2009, two lanes of a new you know so uh I mean so realigned segment of SR 76 opened east of I - 15.
4998.txt: Zion's Hill, also known by its former name Hell's Gate, um okay I mean so like is the first town one reaches on the Caribbean like like you know okay so island of Saba after leaving the Juancho E. Yrausquin Airport, the smallest commercial airport in the world.
3012.txt: Oxford University then made 319 all out in you know like um well like their second - innings, setting the Minor Counties a like like well okay like target of 362, the Minor Counties could only manage to okay you know you know I mean um make 131 all out, with Maxwell ending the innings not out on a single run.
1716.txt: However, it was not until November 2, 1988 that an so like okay okay I mean actual NWA - affiliated promotion called World Championship Wrestling appeared on um like so so like the national scene, under the ownership of media mogul Ted Turner, based in Atlanta, Georgia.
2292.txt: It was founded in 1999 by Anshu Gupta, who so uh uh well I mean left his a corporate job to start the organisation in Sarita Vihar, New Delhi.
660.txt: But two jurors said as late as 2005 that like like so uh um they believed the defense's case, and that the prosecution like like like well okay had not proven that Till had died, nor that it was his body that was removed from the river.
1628.txt: His father, Khan Bahadur Sirajul Islam, was a sub-judge so okay like you know um in British India. Because of his father's job Islam spent his early school years in Calcutta.
3885.txt: The World Junior Hockey Championship is played every year from December well you know okay like you know 26 to January 5, and is a major event on the sporting calendar for many Canadians.
4100.txt: The gestation period for this species of hedgehog ranges um you know so so I mean from 30 to 40 days and the litter size can so so well well um vary between 3 to 10 hoglets, and this species often produces two litters in a season.
2738.txt: Montreal later introduced the Montreal Metro in 1966, and the so well um okay um the Vancouver SkyTrain -- an intermediate - rail, so um well so like automated guided line -- was opened in January 1986 for the Expo 86 world fair.
2271.txt: It was also the second single from that album, released okay uh um um so in June 2001 (see 2001 in music), with you know well I mean uh um a completely new version called the 'Soulchild Remix', produced by UK music producer Damien Mendis.
3204.txt: Roland Meinl Percussion is a leading manufacturer of cymbals and other percussion instruments, based in Gutenstetten, Germany.
2633.txt: Many scholars believe that the 'Tanya Rabbati' is an so um I mean uh so abbreviated version of 'Shibbolei ha - Leket': the two so okay I mean I mean well works are similair in content; further, Zedekiah ben Abraham you know so um so you know Anav and Jehiel ben Jekutheil Anav were in fact related.
3192.txt: Robert Browne was born on at Rath Luirc (Charleville), County Cork, the third son of Robert Browne and Margaret Mullins.
3566.txt: Taylor was born in 1918 in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, the like you know uh well well grandson of former slaves, and grew up in the segregated South of the early 20th century.
2890.txt: On 30 April 2014 it was reported that 20 uh I mean well you know so COPE MPs had defected to other parties due to internal uh okay okay um um conflict, including the only COPE member in the KwaZulu - Natal Legislature Lucky Gabela who had returned to the ANC.
1125.txt: Founded in 1989 as a side project by Jello Biafra, Alain um um like well you know Jourgensen, Paul Barker, and the late Jeff Ward, the band you know okay you know you know like has also included Ministry members Bill Rieflin, Mike Scaccia, and Rey Washam.
297.txt: All these in the midst of virgin forest, with a river at the foot of the falls.
2042.txt: In light of obvious evidence that the Soviets had been preparing uh I mean so you know like defenses for the attack, the operation would clearly greatly um well okay I mean you know weaken the panzer forces that Guderian had been trying to rebuild.
2805.txt: Next door in St. Patrick's Church, Ringsend, is a well um you know okay you know statue of Our Lady, overlooking the canal, donated by so well so I mean like Patrick and Martins 'younger brother, Thomas Whelan, who founded the Ringsend branch of the Catholic Young Men's Society (CYMS).
1449.txt: He obtained his primary schooling in South America and moved to the United States in 1987.
3119.txt: Project Nicaragua at OSU is involved in the medical so I mean um um um aspects of Nicaraguan healthcare and in the social and economic I mean uh uh so so factors contributing to health, working with community partners to address root causes of health disparity in Nicaragua.
876.txt: Distinguished from other species by an interbrachial septum lacking I mean you know well like I mean a foramen, 'T. Maculatus' often has no (rarely one) ray (s) in its pectoral fin.
4407.txt: The story starts in medias res, as Van Helsing is I mean I mean so you know um jumping into action through a window, showing a woman is well I mean okay you know well floating in the air, reminding him that he hadn't slept in 52 hours.
251.txt: After the Fall of the Commonwealth The Andromeda Ascendant okay um well well okay was the only known surviving XMC cruiser though a large um so I mean um well number of other ships were eventually recovered from a POW camp in the second season.
4636.txt: This marked the beginning of the Andalusian school's revolt against I mean you know I mean um I mean Ptolemaic astronomy, sometimes called the 'Andalusian Revolt', among the major so you know okay like um figures of Andalusian astronomy was Jabir ibn Aflah he invented the Torquetum.
2468.txt: Knowing where to look for Squeak - so um I mean okay well squeak the Martian allows Freddy to infiltrate that house in yet another disguise, however the Martian is securely locked away.
4633.txt: This is the primitive condition and occurs in arachnids like um um uh so such as the Scorpiones and the Opiliones, as well like like uh you know I mean as in in non-arachnid Chelicerata such as the Xiphosura and Eurypterida.
3066.txt: Phil Cookson is an English professional rugby league footballer well like you know um uh who played in the 1960s, 1970s, and 1980s, playing I mean so you know I mean so at representative level for England, and at club so you know okay you know um level for Leeds, as a, i. E. Number 11 or 12, during the era of contested scrums.
710.txt: Carver Theatre is a building in Columbia, South Carolina that okay like I mean so like was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
4879.txt: When a revolutionary tries to drum up support for the army okay you know okay um um approaching despite rain in the north, the family longs to return like uh well uh so to their farm, but they have no money for an ox, seed, and food.
3422.txt: Since annexation most of the Girays has lived in so you know like well like Turkey; however, some of them has lived in other countries.
824.txt: Dahlen received 10 of 16 votes, the highest total uh okay I mean okay okay of anyone not elected; no one else received more than three votes.
4742.txt: Tove Lind has appealed her sentence so she will be well um okay um I mean released later than Tim Vrågård even though the sentences might like okay okay like um not change as her sentence does not start until okay you know so like uh her appeal has been taken into consideration by the court.
4355.txt: The second ship is allowed to escape, unharmed, as the well you know like okay you know Blight assumes that it is no threat; but the second ship actually holds the Blight countermeasure.
2743.txt: Moreover, the knowledge that we have of the forms -- you know like uh uh you know when indeed we do have it -- is of you know well I mean well so a higher order than knowledge of the mere physical world, and well well so um like leads in particular to a knowledge of the Form of the Good.
3013.txt: Ozato was a member of the Kōchikai faction of the okay like okay uh okay Liberal Democratic Party, which later split from Koichi Kato, the um um I mean you know like man he succeeded as director of the Management and Co-ordination Agency in 1997.
1055.txt: Far never married and died in Montreal and is interred in Mount Royal Cemetery.
496.txt: At the end of three years of construction the new you know so like well um cathedral started its first divine service, with the consecration taking place on July 25, 1848.
4684.txt: Thondavada is a historical village in Chandragiri mandal of well well well uh so Chittoor district, Indian state of Andhra Pradesh, at the headwaters of the Swarnamuki River.
3100.txt: Previous headmasters include Gill Singh, Joseph Njoroge and Joseph uh I mean uh so um B. Gachanja, the latter having retired in 2008 uh um well I mean um after achieving the mandatory 55 years of age stipulated by the Teachers Service Commission of Kenya.
2513.txt: Later in life during the 1970s he taught Physical Education okay I mean I mean okay you know at Forest Hill Boys Secondary School and took up a I mean um um well you know position of Assistant Racing Manager in the greyhound racing industry at Crayford Stadium.
2132.txt: Indologist udai narain roy well - known as dr like I mean you know uh uh. U. N. Roy, settled and spent his life here so um okay um um carring out researches in ancient history. His historical work on okay you know okay well I mean salabhanjika titled salabhanjika (In Art, Philosophy and Literature) and Gupta Rajavamsa tatha usaka kala were published by Lokabharati Publications, Allahabad.
1933.txt: In Britain, home staging, sometimes referred to as property presentation or um like so I mean I mean property styling, the techniques have been televised by you know um like so well home stylist Ann Maurice in the television show House Doctor on Five.
3301.txt: Several buildings that were part of the uh I mean you know okay like former college campus are on the National Register of um okay I mean okay well Historic Places and are maintained by the Delaware County Historical Society as the Delaware County Historical Museum Complex.
3665.txt: The Chevrolet engines were built by Traco Engineering ( you know like well um so Jim Travers and Frank Coons, nicknamed 'The Whiz Kids' ), okay um well um okay builders of the famous consecutive (1953 - 54) Indianapolis well you know well uh well 500 - winning race cars driven by famed driver Bill Vukovich.
2779.txt: Myrtleford is a town in north - east Victoria, Australia, like um like I mean so located approximately 45km south - east of Wangaratta and 275km north - east of Melbourne.
1276.txt: Hanuman Dada mandir is situated in Nayki faliya. Worship doing by all vachhavad people for silence, health and development.
3916.txt: The band's studio album, 'Black Ice', released in 2008, was like so um so like the second - highest - selling album of that year, I mean okay uh you know you know and their biggest chart hit since 'For Those I mean well okay okay well About to Rock', eventually reaching No. 1 on all charts worldwide.
4996.txt: Zhu De became the commander of the Eighth Route Army I mean so well you know uh active in Shanxi and was named the vice-commander of I mean like um well uh the Second War Zone under Yan, and agents working under Zhou Enlai set up a headquarters in Taiyuan.
3706.txt: The FM broadcast band is also used by some inexpensive I mean um well like okay wireless microphones sold as toys for karaoke or similar so uh you know like I mean purposes, allowing the user to use an FM radio as an output rather than a dedicated amplifier and speaker.
395.txt: Aracaju is the capital of the State of Sergipe, I mean okay um okay um Brazil, located in the northeastern part of the country, about 350 km (217 mi) north of Salvador.
1366.txt: He has done masterclasses on conservatoria across the globe, and well like um so you know is an in demand harmonica and piano teacher in so okay I mean uh well NYC. Yvonnick is currently working on his fourth album and lives in Manhattan, New York.
1175.txt: Gallagher moved to New York to study acting you know so you know you know so at the Juilliard School under the tutelage of John Houseman, so like okay so like before relocating to Los Angeles, California to further pursue her career; okay okay you know um so during this time she also took on a job taking care of stray cats.
3686.txt: The Dark Knight is an enclosed steel roller coaster that is currently operating at Six Flags Great Adventure.
87.txt: A lawyer and historian, the Marquess de la so well you know okay well Floresta was appointed as Spain's King of Arms by King you know you know uh so um Juan Carlos I; he also succeeded to the title of Duke of Ostuni (in the Two Sicilies).
2885.txt: On 27 January 2009 Styles took charge of this game, uh well um well you know and with the scores 1 - 0 he wrongly sent okay so like so well off Paul Robinson of WBA who later went on to lose the game.
4094.txt: The freshman, sophomore, and senior students who were enrolled I mean um okay uh um in Pittsburgh Schenley at the time of its uh uh you know well um closure will be allowed to graduate as Schenley alumni until um so well well I mean the last class graduates in June 2011, thereby ending 95 years of remarkable educational history.
1013.txt: Ercan Airport currently has a 2. 5 kilometre - long landing like uh uh uh uh field and an apron with a capacity of seven aircraft, okay um so um well and, although the runway is long enough for large you know I mean well okay um planes to land, it lacks the length for take - offs.
4156.txt: The let - 7a microRNA normally represses the 'HMGA2' uh uh so I mean okay gene, and in normal adult tissues, almost no HMGA2 protein is present.
1426.txt: He later makes a major appearance in 'Love Letters', where he well okay you know so I mean develops a crush on Garnet before he was turned down, okay you know I mean like I mean and appears once again in 'Historical Friction,' where he you know so well I mean you know directs a play with Steven about the founding of Beach City.
4910.txt: While living in America, they were contacted by Ner Yisrael Yeshivah I mean um uh uh well in Baltimore which led to him and uh so I mean well well his family being sent to Jerusalem where he learned for a number of years at Yeshivah Ohr Somayach.
4115.txt: The house was built in 1850 and added to the National Historic Register in 1985.
2263.txt: It replaces the standard programming library provided by the operating well well like um okay system for malloc and other software with its own um uh I mean so you know versions which help the programmer detect buffer overflow and other critical programming issues.
2769.txt: Multitude, Multitudes In the Valley of Decision, which also happens to be a verse from The Bible.
2552.txt: Lila Kari (née Santean) is a Romanian and Canadian you know so so okay uh computer scientist, a professor of computer science at the University I mean well you know well uh of Waterloo, Canada, where she moved after her I mean uh so uh okay tenure at the University of Western Ontario (1993 - 2017).
2135.txt: Infoshop. Org is an anarchist website, founded in January 1995 as the Mid-Atlantic Infoshop by Chuck Munson.
2689.txt: Mercier started his playing career in the lower so uh like okay I mean leagues of Argentine football in 2000, he played like like well okay so for four different clubs in the regionalised 3rd division, like I mean um so I mean eventually helping Platense to win promotion to Primera B Nacional in 2006.
2388.txt: John von Neumann studied the properties of the group well you know uh you know like of equivalences that make a paradoxical decomposition possible, identifying the um okay I mean so like class of amenable groups, for which no paradoxical decompositions exist.
3927.txt: The body is elongated, spindle - shaped and tapered at so uh I mean uh I mean two ends; the body is also divisible into three parts: head, trunk and tail.
2491.txt: Lakewood / Fort McPherson is a station in the MARTA rail you know you know well like okay system near Fort McPherson, which is slated to be closed you know you know like um so by the BRAC, and former Lakewood Ampitheater, now called Hi - Fi Buys Amphitheater.
2539.txt: Leweck was close to retiring from football after being diagnosed um okay okay I mean you know with a serious fault with a heart valve, which I mean uh well so okay cost him a chance to go on a trial with German Bundesliga club Borussia Mönchengladbach.
3929.txt: The bones represent the deceased one (difuntos or difuntas) well so um I mean um and there is normally a baked tear drop on the bread to represent goddess Chimalma's tears for the living.
3581.txt: The 'Boiga siamensis naranjita' cat snake resembles the dog - like so okay I mean okay toothed snake as does the Siamese cat snake but it occupies a different geographical range.
4017.txt: The engine is a 2 - 8 - uh you know I mean um uh 2 locomotive of the USRA standard Mikado type, inherited from okay well so um uh Japan, and is coal - fired standard gauge locomotive was capable you know you know okay you know I mean of of tractive effort, running two cylinders under of boiler pressure.
599.txt: Bordeaux mixture is a combination of copper sulfate and well you know um um I mean hydrated lime, invented in the vineyards of the Bordeaux region of France and known locally as 'Bouillie Bordelaise'.
4927.txt: Will Kerr (born October 21, 1982) is an American mixed martial artist who currently fights in WEC's lightweight division.
95.txt: A music video for their song 'The Big um so so like so Picture' was made, but the only member of the I mean okay uh well so band featured was Amos since by then, unable I mean I mean okay well I mean to withstand pressure from Atlantic Records she had I mean um you know um you know jettisoned the entire band with the exception of Steve Caton.
4598.txt: They released the photo book Dream & Drive made okay so well okay like with their long time friend and photographer Kenneth Capello, I mean okay so like you know who has also directed some of their music videos, such as No Wow and Black Balloon.
4934.txt: Willie Thorne won his only major title beating so um I mean I mean like Cliff Thorburn 13 - 8 in which the final was I mean like um okay um now played in three sessions with the last one on Sunday afternoon.
4127.txt: The individual dressage competition in equestrian at the 2012 Summer well um like um you know Olympics in London, United Kingdom will be held at the Greenwich Park from 2 to 9 August.
2145.txt: Instead the British government mounted an expedition to free like I mean okay so you know the captives, which resulted in the Battle of Magdala, during um uh like you know okay which Tewodros committed suicide by shooting himself with a like um um I mean you know pistol previously given to him as a gift by Queen Victoria.
4874.txt: When Pakistan movement began for the independence of India, okay okay um like um the Indian National Congress was supported by many Muslim so so so uh um scholars, leaders and the learned who were devotees of Indian nationality and stood side by side with the Hindu leaders.
2131.txt: Indira Gandhi National Centre for the Arts, New Delhi (IGNCA) (Devanagari: I mean you know like um okay इन्दिरा गांधी राष्ट्रीय कला केन्द्र) is the premier government uh uh so I mean well funded arts organization in India, as an autonomous institution under the Union Ministry of Culture.
780.txt: Col Hla Han is one of the successful LMP students to so so you know I mean okay earn an M. B. , B. S. Degree. Professor you know so like I mean like U Aung Nyunt of Mandalay was another LMP who passed the condensed course.
1575.txt: He would then establish himself as a regular within the like I mean so okay okay squad and soon receive a call - up so okay I mean like so to the Chinese under - 20 team's squad in uh I mean like um you know July 2008 and start to attract the interests of top tier Chinese sides.
3529.txt: Suetonius, The Twelve Caesars, Julius Caesar, 23, 24. 1 In I mean like okay uh uh Appian's account, too, 200 senators went to see Caesar, as did many incumbent officials, governors and commanders.
238.txt: After retiring as a linebacker for Green like I mean well I mean well Bay, Holland moved on to an NFL coaching career, beginning okay like like I mean okay his coaching career as a defensive quality control coach for the Green Bay Packers from 1995 - 97.
4546.txt: These converts to Catholicism fled the Spanish Inquisition and so uh I mean well well came to live in the New World where they intermarried with um um so uh so the Native Americans and old Christians who populated the American Southwest.
749.txt: Chris hosts a monthly food - based comedy show at Lowdown okay um um like uh At the Albany entitled Chris Neill's Dirty Kitchen, he like you know you know okay so also performs as a radio actor and as a voice - over artist.
2982.txt: Originally, Wegner Peak was part of a series of like like uh uh um horizontal layers, but the strata has been tilted associated with I mean you know uh well I mean the formation of Artillery Mountains, and millennia of I mean um okay like I mean erosion has created the distinctive hogback of resistant andesite, over sedimentary deposits and rhyolite beds.
3369.txt: She sneaks out without her family's knowledge and not you know well okay uh you know only goes to the fair, but later on that um well like you know so night kisses and eventually makes love to Dennis, which we later learn, results in pregnancy.
3906.txt: The area of Hallville (Now known as Hallsville) was first settled okay so okay you know like when the train station was settled around and named uh I mean so I mean uh after Tyler Whitford one mile west of the site of Fort Crawford by W. C. Crawford.
4034.txt: The festivals listed here have been created by popular culture to parody Christmas, and are not traditional celebrations.
3077.txt: Piero Barone was born on June 24, 1993, in you know well uh uh you know Agrigento (Sicily), while Ignazio Boschetto was born in so well I mean okay um Sicily on October 4, 1994, but grew up in Bologna (northern Italy).
1105.txt: For example, the proverb' Heghlu'meH QaQ jajvam '(' It is you know uh like uh like a good day to die ') is illustrated with a you know okay like you know well story explaining that' This is an extremely common Klingon locution, so so uh well um often uttered when the odds see to favor an opponent.
2581.txt: Luka Lalic (Serbian: Лука Лалић) born 20 May 1987 okay well you know like like used to be a professional footballer who's last club was FK Vozdovac in Serbian SuperLiga.
1464.txt: He received a Master of Arts degree from the University so so uh like um of Chicago in 1965 and has served as a teacher or writer in residence at many universities.
1002.txt: Elwood soon discovers, however, that the Pacific island on which um um so I mean um David was born and holds a deed is I mean so okay like um now home to a strategic military base, and if David so um um I mean I mean is declared an alien, the Navy could be forced to move.
1151.txt: From 2003 to 2013 the district included the you know okay well okay okay heavily African - American part of Columbus, as well as most of its northern suburbs, including Westerville.
2053.txt: In response, a town meeting is held to you know uh like okay well decide a course of action, where Marge proposes that um I mean like uh um Springfield host a film festival showcasing film's made by the townspeople.
137.txt: ACDI / VOCA receives funding from various donors, including USAID, USDA, well well uh well I mean the World Bank, UNDP, the European Bank for Reconstruction I mean um well so okay and Development, the Asian Development Bank and other development funders.
3399.txt: Shortly after claiming it they are caught by Emonzaemon who's uh well I mean well so out to kill him, but he and Penguin escape leaving Oshidori to fight him.
2675.txt: Meanwhile, while discussing Walter's upcoming 51st birthday, Skyler well okay okay you know I mean suffers a nervous breakdown at the car wash in front um well um so well of Marie (Betsy Brandt), repeatedly telling Marie to 'shut up' until she was yelling at her.
2607.txt: Major Alexander Patrick Gregers Richard Windsor, Earl of uh well I mean so um Ulster (born 24 October 1974 in London), is I mean okay like okay like the only son of Prince Richard, Duke of Gloucester, and Birgitte, Duchess of Gloucester.
3661.txt: The Carlton R. Sickles Memorial Sky Bridge is an um like so okay um elevated pedestrian walkway in North Bethesda, Maryland that connects the well so so well you know Music Center at Strathmore and the Grosvenor - Strathmore Washington Metro station.
981.txt: Edina Realty is owned by HomeServices of America, okay so you know uh like Inc. , a Berkshire Hathaway affiliate, and has I mean so okay like okay 65 real estate offices and more than 2, 500 REALTORS ® throughout Minnesota, North Dakota and western Wisconsin.
78.txt: A group of 'garimpeiros' (gold miners) killed approximately well well well you know so 16 Yanomami, which in turn killed at least two 'garimpeiros' and wounded two more.
4701.txt: Thujone is most famous for being a compound in the I mean I mean like you know okay spirit absinthe, and some modern producers list their estimated thujone levels on the bottle.
1496.txt: He studied and visited R. Yitzchak Hutner as good friends like okay uh you know so in later life, and they always treated one another with special respect.
1159.txt: From the south, LA 574 - 4 begins at like so so so so an intersection with LA 1 and ends at a dead end just to the north.
3256.txt: Samuel Richardson topped the clubs goal scoring, with seven goals, you know okay so uh so which highlighted the main factor between the relative success of 2008's campaign contrasted with the flat 2009 season.
4552.txt: These two units were later merged and reformed Livgrenadjärregementet you know okay um you know I mean in 1928, and the regiment was given the designation I 4 (4th Infantry Regiment).
2125.txt: Indeed, emotion also consists of physiological components: ultimately there is a causative framework that takes place on a neuronal level.
1471.txt: He recruited his longtime friend and guitarist David Kennedy uh like I mean I mean I mean of Box Car Racer, as well as drummer Atom Willard and well um so I mean um bassist Ryan Sinn to form Angels & Airwaves, who okay uh so well so were primarily inspired by arena rock groups such as U2 and The Police.
2930.txt: On October 31, 2006, Paramount Home Media Distribution released you know you know okay like you know a newly restored '60th Anniversary Edition', while also uh well well so well pairing this holiday film with 'White Christmas' as so so you know like you know part of the 'Classic Christmas Collection' two - disc set released on that same day.
2484.txt: Károly Zipernowsky (1853 - 1942), was a Hungarian electrical engineer, co-inventor of the transformer and other AC technologies.
3336.txt: She earned her Master's Degree in International Relations from um so okay well so American University's School of International Service (SIS) in like I mean so you know um 1984; and, she received her Bachelor's Degree in Business Administration from Kabul University in 1971.
4213.txt: The new Computer Science building at the University of Oslo you know so like um you know is named Ole Johan Dahl's House, in Dahl's honour, and the main auditorium is named Simula.
4486.txt: Their eldest son, Louis Henri, known as the Duke of Bourbon okay uh you know um well from birth, would eventually become the Régent of France okay I mean I mean uh I mean for Louis XV but was himself ruled by his mistress, Madame de Prie.
1658.txt: His performance in 'Alex Cross' gained the attention of director uh you know I mean well okay David Fincher, who subsequently cast Perry in his um I mean so well well 2014 thriller 'Gone Girl', co-starring with Ben Affleck, Rosamund Pike, and Neil Patrick Harris.
3212.txt: Rosalie Otterbourne (Zoe Telford) and aristocrat - turned - Marxist um um uh okay okay Mr Ferguson (Alastair MacKenzie) take an instant dislike to Linnet.
658.txt: But that left a mystery: no person had been in okay like well like I mean the factory for 15 years, yet in the last decade and a half, the candy tasted better and better.
4984.txt: Young was raised as the son of Fokke Jan de Jong so well um you know um and his wife Anna, they already had three children Cornelia, Antonia and Ferdinand.
4147.txt: The last of the nation's 54 reactors went like uh well like uh offline on May 5, 2012, and Japan's efforts to regain um so well well well public support for restarting the reactors has made limited headway.
4409.txt: The structure was designed by the famous Bath architect so uh I mean I mean uh Thomas Fuller, who would leave England in 1845 for Antigua you know so so so well and then Canada where he would go on to you know uh um so so design the Langevin Block of the Canadian Houses of Parliament and numerous other important commissions.
4118.txt: The idea came after Pasha and his team uh um um okay um at his performance media company Socialist were being approached um well I mean okay uh by small business community members and were unable to help, as okay okay you know well I mean their pricing was structured around the budgets of larger enterprises.
2625.txt: Many fast food outlets do not make shakes by hand uh uh well uh I mean with ice cream; instead, they make shakes in automatic well you know like like well milkshake machines which freeze and serve a uh like I mean um I mean premade milkshake mixture consisting of milk, a sweetened flavoring agent, and a thickening agent.
142.txt: Aaron Kromer (born April 30, 1967) is an um so uh okay um American football coach and former player who is like like okay you know so the offensive line coach for the Buffalo Bills of the National Football League (NFL).
4942.txt: With an impressive 187 assists, Cloud let the A10 okay okay um like uh in assists in a single season and finished her career with 163 rebounds and 50 steals.
986.txt: Edward Robert Sellstrom was born in Gowrie, Iowa, on 19 like like um you know so July 1916, and graduated from Gustavus Adolphus College, St. Peter, Minnesota, in 1939.
3058.txt: Pernell Karl 'P. K.' Subban (born May 13, 1989) is uh I mean okay I mean like a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who is currently plays um you know uh you know um for the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League (NHL).
3980.txt: The constituency is one of five covering the city okay like um um um of Liverpool and covers the northeast of okay okay um like well the city, including Croxteth, Gillmoss, Knotty Ash, Norris Green, Tuebrook, Stoneycroft as well as West Derby itself.
4584.txt: They had two daughters, Elisabetta and Alessandra, who well uh uh you know you know is currently a deputy in the European Parliament, and leads an Italian right - wing neo-fascist party, 'Alternativa Sociale'.
3593.txt: The 18th Flight Test Squadron (FLTS) is an independent field uh okay so so I mean test agency of the Air Force Special Operations um well so you know well Command located at Hurlburt Field, Florida with one detachment at Edwards Air Force Base, California.
501.txt: At the time the district taught grades one through eight, with high schoolers attending the Austin Independent School District.
1016.txt: Established in 1885 and fails to be the northernmost in like so uh so so Scotland by only half a mile, the distillery has one wash uh so you know uh well still and one spirit still producing a single malt (unblended) whisky.
587.txt: Bliss later married 'Wonder World' sound mixer, Mark you know you know you know you know uh Tanner; they had four children, Eden, Madison, Harrison and Lawson.
4368.txt: The show was created by Michael O'Donoghue and producer / engineer you know uh uh well you know Bob Tischler; when O'Donoghue left, later producers included Sean Kelly, Brian McConnachie and John Belushi.
4272.txt: The pieces are usually available in individual foil packages and come in various flavors.
1100.txt: For all the hardship the community was suffering, Idora Park had like you know um you know well some bright The carousel was named to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
843.txt: David grew up in south suburban Hazel okay um so I mean okay Crest, Illinois, studied anthropology at the University of Iowa okay so I mean well I mean where he attended on an Army ROTC okay uh you know like uh scholarship and graduated as the Distinguished Military Graduate with a BA in 1992.
3899.txt: The album was certified gold by the British well uh I mean um so Phonographic Industry (BPI) on 1 December 2006, and had okay I mean so uh I mean sold 103, 500 copies in the United Kingdom as of March 2009.
4455.txt: The upper tier of the platform has four wall stones, uh I mean okay I mean so two aligned along an east - westerly axis and the other two inserted in between along a north - southerly axis.
1160.txt: From the start, the station put a greater emphasis on um uh I mean so okay national coverage over local content; it also presented more packaged news reports.
903.txt: Dr. Saroyan and Booth have had an intimate / like like okay like uh romantic relationship in the past, but he did want to um uh well like like marry her into a relationship that is rekindled at an undisclosed point midway through the series.
2282.txt: It was developed in the USA circa 1935 and used like so uh uh like as a substitute for Composition B in large general um so um um uh purpose and fragmentation bombs, and has a detonation velocity of approximately 7, 400 metres per second.
830.txt: Daniela Iraschko - Stolz (born 21 November 1983) like okay well well okay is an Austrian ski jumper who has been competing since 2000.
1975.txt: In North American English it was formerly called Oldsquaw, though this um okay well well I mean name has fallen out of favour, and some biologists feared so okay okay uh you know that this would be offensive to some Native American tribes involved in the conservation effort.
2950.txt: On the occasion of coronation, special coins were minted, a gold you know so um well um coin called 'Hon' and a copper coin called 'Shivrai' with a legend 'Shri Raja Shivachhatrapati' inscribed on them.
1058.txt: Farr Wind Farm is located some 10 miles south of Inverness, you know like so uh okay Scotland, off the A9, and comprises 40 wind like well you know so like turbines with a total installed capacity of 92 megawatts (MW).
2936.txt: On descent, the weather worsened quickly and Božić's and Ang uh okay you know like uh Phu were unable to return to Base Four before like like like like you know dark and were forced to spend the night in I mean I mean okay so I mean a temperature, without tents or sleeping bags, at an altitude of.
714.txt: Catherine and John III left for Tudela in quest for uh um um okay like troops among loyal lords, and managed to get 500, but overwhelmed by so you know you know I mean okay the sheer size of the Spanish expedition, the loyalists veered east to Lumbier (Irunberri), and on to Lower Navarre.
2420.txt: Kabacan serve as a business and trading center for the adjacent like you know like uh you know municipalities of Carmen, Pagagawan, Pikit and Matalam majority of the so I mean okay well well commercial establishment are engage in general merchandizing, sari - sari and dry goods.
4592.txt: They moved to Idaho in 1862 for mining and homesteaded right below the Boise Bench on the Boise River.
1599.txt: Her parents wanted her to attend University of Dayton but well okay I mean well okay after crowned All - American Superior and Miss Wright State so okay um you know um of OHIO out of high school, she achieved a scholarship like I mean I mean um well to attend Wright State University and later transferred to Sinclair Community College to study business and accounting.
32.txt: 'Rock This Country!' is the title of a song by so um uh well like Canadian singer Shania Twain, it was the tenth single like okay uh so okay released to country radio in January 2000 from her 1997 album 'Come on Over'.
2313.txt: Its attack and speed stats are good, and its well well you know okay so special defense is above - average, making this a good like um um you know um Normal - type Pokémon, but it is easily overshadowed I mean you know you know uh um by other Pokémon of the same type like Snorlax and Slaking.
1321.txt: He convinced Amondson to seek the nomination of his um well well I mean so faction of the Prohibition Party, which split over perennial presidential okay like well you know you know nominee Earl Dodge's leadership of the party, believing that you know so like so well he was more interested in his campaign button business than advancing the party's goals.
4406.txt: The story has been has received substantial media coverage; another well um well uh okay paper on the impact of outsourcing has also received some media attention.
17.txt: ' I Don't Care if the Sun Don't I mean you know um uh okay Shine' is a popular song, popularized by Patti Page in 1950.
3228.txt: Russell approached director Frank Lloyd for help changing her image; I mean you know you know okay um but, instead of helping her, Lloyd cast her as a wealthy aristocrat in 'Under Two Flags' (1936).
4037.txt: The fight then went to a fourth extension round, okay okay I mean so I mean which was judged a split draw with scores you know um okay I mean okay of 10 - 9 (Kubota), 10 - 9 (Penne), and 10 - 10.
210.txt: After brief spells in Prague, Zurich and Paris he and um uh like you know you know Weigel accepted an invitation from journalist and author Karin okay like I mean you know like Michaëlis to move to Denmark, where they settled in a uh like you know you know so house on the small island of Thurø close to Svendborg on the island of Funen.
1235.txt: Granville Primary also has a very healthy lunch package where well I mean so like I mean lunch is at the price of $ 100 JMD per day.
331.txt: Although the village has a history dating back many hundreds you know okay you know I mean I mean of years it was greatly transformed in the 19th century I mean okay like I mean okay by the Poynder family who owned Hartham Park at Corsham, the family included John Poynder Dickson, 1st Baron Islington.
4990.txt: Zagreb motorway, designated as the A1 motorway comprises between Zagreb I mean uh so I mean well and Karlovac, containing mere of the structures as the section is um I mean uh uh so situated in a plain, and between Karlovac and Bosiljevo 2 interchanges, containing as much as of the structures.
2096.txt: In the late 1950s, Davis lived in Chicago, Illinois, performing with um okay well like well Muddy Waters, Jimmy Reed and occasionally fronting, during which time um okay so so I mean he recorded a session for Trix Records that resulted in one '45' single.
3844.txt: The State of Nebraska halted the liquor licensing process before okay like uh I mean uh the 2006 season, and the organizers were forced um so like so um to modify the rules for vending of alcoholic beverages um I mean so I mean okay for the 2006 festival season, and forced compliance in order for the festival to receive the required liquor licence.
4005.txt: The district was created after the 2000 census and was drawn so well um um I mean so as to balance registered Republicans and registered Democrats, though it has since gained a modest Democratic advantage in registration.
4039.txt: The film's music score was composed by Cyril J you know so you know you know I mean. Mockridge; but in scenes involving Hallie's relationships with you know um uh uh well Doniphon and Stoddard, Ford reprised Alfred Newman's 'Ann Rutledge Theme', from 'Young Mr. Lincoln'.
2569.txt: LogiNext Solutions is a privately held big data analytics so so um you know I mean start - up, that provides real - time visibility and optimization solutions to logistics companies.
590.txt: Bloodlines '( also known as' Wrong Turn 5' ) is a like well um uh so 2012 American horror film written and directed by Declan um like I mean well well O'Brien and the fifth installment in the 'Wrong Turn' film series.
47.txt: 'You Have 0 Friends' has received positive reviews from critics, like uh like um um and according to Nielsen Media Research, the episode was you know uh I mean I mean uh viewed by by 3. 071 million viewers and became the cable lead in the 18 - 49 Wednesday night.
4745.txt: Traditionally, graduates of the Military Academy are commissioned as you know um I mean uh you know officers in the Egyptian Army; however, they may serve uh uh like I mean uh in other branches and commands of the Egyptian military establishment.
1855.txt: In 1994, British singer - songwriter Elyse G okay uh well I mean you know. Rogers (Linda Meek) joined the group and remained until the group's disbandment in 1996.
352.txt: An angled tailplane mounted on top of the fuselage had elevators uh you know uh uh um with a cut - out for rudder movement and um okay okay um so it had a tailskid undercarriage, with pairs of well so you know uh I mean mainwheels on axles attached to longitudinal bars fixed under the engines on N - form struts.
3289.txt: Senai is an airport town situated 25 kilometres from um so you know um uh Johor Bahru, Malaysia, and apart from the Senai uh you know well you know well International Airport, it is a base for several major multinational electronics manufacturers.
3923.txt: The black dogfish ( 'Centroscyllium fabricii' ) is a um you know okay well okay species of dogfish shark in the family Etmopteridae, I mean um uh like like common over the outer continental shelf and continental slope at a depth of.
1817.txt: In 1940 WW2 brought an end to I mean like you know so you know production as the factory was turned over to I mean um like you know you know produce munitions and after hotsilities had ceased there were no suitable engines avaialable so the company was wound up.
1430.txt: He left to live in the Himalayas in Badrinath you know uh I mean okay you know and kept a very low profile and, after many years, he okay so like well okay joined the Hindu Organization Shiv Sena and got very close like well so like you know to Bal Thackeray who appointed him as the leader Shiv Sena for North India.
822.txt: Customary Korean units are a local adaption of the traditional well well you know I mean uh Chinese system, imposed and adjusted at various times by royal statutes.
2835.txt: Nominal compounds occur with various structures, however morphologically speaking like I mean I mean I mean you know they are essentially the same: each noun (or adjective) is in like uh well um okay its (weak) stem form, with only the final element receiving case inflection.
2592.txt: M. Stroppel 1995 'Compact Projective Planes', W. De Gruyter Chapter uh I mean well like like 8 and more recently in H. Salzmann 2014' Compact planes, mostly 8 - dimensional.
3184.txt: Rickey Dale Tolley (January 6, 1940 -- November 14, okay like like so uh 1970) was the head coach of the Marshall University Thundering Herd football team during the 1969 and 1970 seasons.
1307.txt: He became an architect and builder of places of like like well I mean okay public amusement, doubtless excelling in this respect the amount of work done by any other man in the country.
1126.txt: Founded in October 2010 by Henrique Olifiers, Imre Jele, Roberta so like like well like Lucca and Ric Moore, the core development team are mainly former employees from Bullfrog Productions, Jagex, Ubisoft, and Playfish.
973.txt: Each year, KHUM undertakes a local Stop The Violence campaign, like so like okay well which includes three weeks of drive - time interviews like well uh uh so with experts in and survivors of domestic abuse, street violence, and systemic violence.
928.txt: During World War II, Smolensk once again saw uh so well so you know wide - scale fighting during the first Battle of Smolensk when the city was captured by the Germans on July 16, 1941.
3782.txt: The Mitchells hear of this and are angry that Phil um like I mean I mean so did not wipe the fingerprints off the items, you know um like um so and Jay believes he will also be implicated, which like uh like like um he is, as a result and is receives a three - month suspended sentence and is tagged.
2433.txt: Keith - Lucas married Mary Hardwicke in 1946, and they had a son, Peter, and two daughters.
1836.txt: In 1974 the environmental consequences of the higher exports were so you know you know uh um recognized in the Mono Basin and Owens Valley, a series of court ordered restrictions were imposed on water exports.
2696.txt: Mia is often sarcastic towards her placement in well um well uh you know the Gifted & Talented class, claiming she was put there to improve her lowly grade in Algebra.
4456.txt: The vaquita ( 'Phocoena sinus' ) is a rare well you know like okay so species of porpoise endemic to the northern part of the Gulf of California.
2619.txt: Mantell was born in Bridgwater, Somerset, and studied at the University of Bath.
799.txt: Cormac and Darragh immediately formed another band, along with bassist like like you know you know like Mick Murphy, called 'Wilt' whose music was more pop rock than heavy metal.
3666.txt: The Chief Conservator of Forests (South) & Director, Sundarban Biosphere Reserve you know okay you know uh like is the administrative head of the uh you know uh okay I mean park at the local level and is assisted by a Deputy Field Director and an Assistant Field Director.
4946.txt: With most of the people working for the so uh um you know okay government or going overseas especially to the Middle East like like so um you know and Europe, dependence on farming for income has greatly reduced but people still cultivate the land for the food.
1593.txt: Her first marriage was to a Mr. Patel, and okay um so okay so by this marriage she had one daughter, the well you know um I mean well actress Anuradha Patel, who is married to the actor Kanwaljeet Singh.
3492.txt: St Peter's Church is the oldest Roman Catholic parish well I mean um like so in New York City and was designated a landmark by the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission in 1965.
1616.txt: Himmler would later break with Darré, whom he well um so uh so saw as too theoretical and he was generally on bad so well okay you know you know terms with Hjalmar Schacht, particularly as Germany suffered poor harvests in the mid 1930s.
4520.txt: There is a good mix of residential properties, approximately uh well okay like like half of the 4, 000 plus properties are rented with the landlord now being Places for People.
1025.txt: Even those who could swim (which Lovell could not) became flustered well like um I mean I mean when the aircraft sank faster than anticipated; the stink bomb uh um you know you know okay that was thrown in to 'heighten the turmoil' added greatly to the chaos.
381.txt: Another drawback of soil nutrient tests is that they um um you know um like do not take account of factors such as okay um I mean I mean uh soil structure or biological activity, which affect the rate at which nutrients leave the soil.
215.txt: After four seasons, in 1987 -- 88, Benfica proved okay okay you know okay you know ready to challenge for the European Cup, eliminating teams like Anderlecht well you know I mean I mean you know and Steaua Bucureşti as they reached their sixth European Cup final, meeting PSV Eindhoven in Stuttgart on 25 May 1988.
4307.txt: The public school team name is the Bombers, and they play football at the Bomber Bowl.
4844.txt: Vladimir Golubović (born February 24, 1986) is a Montenegrin professional basketball player who plays for Turkish club Bandırma Banvit.
3740.txt: The International Building Code permits a mezzanine to uh you know um well you know have as much as one - third of the so uh I mean well so floor space of the floor below, and local building codes may vary somewhat from this standard.
1217.txt: Glickenhaus is also well known in automotive circles as an avid um uh so uh okay collector of former racing vehicles, and his coachbuilt Ferrari so uh uh um so P4 / 5 by Pininfarina has been covered in national publications like 'Car and Driver'.
2370.txt: Johannes Voigtmann (born 30 September 1992) is a German like uh well so um basketball player who plays for Laboral Kutxa Baskonia and of the German national basketball team.
4398.txt: The squadron did not conduct proper conversion courses, and new well okay I mean you know uh Dakota pilots received only ad - hoc instruction on okay well I mean so so the type while serving as the co-pilot during operational tasks; veteran uh um I mean okay you know pilots generally did not attempt to pass on their experiences to trainees.
872.txt: Dido Elizabeth Belle was born in 1761 and baptised in 1766 at St. George's Church, Bloomsbury.
1278.txt: Harding's family already owned burial plots in the cemetery, but like I mean well so so a grander destination was planned for the deceased chief executive; you know okay so uh uh in the mean time, soldiers from Fort Hayes in Columbus guarded the vault for six months.
563.txt: Bent became a more peripheral figure in his second season like I mean you know um uh at Everton where he was regularly used as back up for well so uh uh um new signing James Beattie in January 2006, it was like like well well uh announced that Bent had signed for Charlton Athletic in a deal worth £ 2. 3 million.
2784.txt: NPAS2 is paralogous to CLOCK, a key protein like like so okay like involved in the maintenance of circadian rhythms in mammals, okay you know I mean so okay and its role in the brain is thought um um well you know okay to be as a generator and maintainer of mammalian circadian rhythms.
3639.txt: The BMW Championship itself rotates courses in the um um uh I mean I mean Upper Midwest, including Cog Hill Golf & Country Club you know uh you know um well in Lemont, Illinois, Crooked Stick Golf Club in Carmel, Indiana, you know so like like so and Bellerive Country Club in the St. Louis suburb of Town and Country, Missouri.
605.txt: Born in Clonmel, County Tipperary, Fahey first arrived on the inter-county um I mean um okay well scene at the age of sixteen when he first linked I mean uh well uh okay up with the Tipperary minor team before later joining the under - 21 side.
4281.txt: The player can click anywhere on the mini-map um you know okay um like to instantly jump to that location; however, the okay I mean uh you know okay mini-map does not initially display the entire battlefield; the player must explore the area for it to become fully mapped.
1853.txt: In 1990, he married Israeli - born Daphna Edwards who is well so like so well also Jewish; they have two children, Michele and Ashley.
3624.txt: The Ambassador sedan gained seven inches in length compared uh um I mean um okay with the 1973 versions due to the newly you know you know like like okay required 5 - mph absorbing front and rear bumpers, as well as a new front - end design.
3902.txt: The alleged necessity to recognize a 'fallacy of naïve um okay uh well well realism' seems, however, unwarranted considering the fact that a so like okay I mean uh majority of the population, who arguably subscribe you know uh I mean you know well to naïve common sense notions of reality, um um like so you know show no recognizable loss in their capacity to interact in cyberspace.
2731.txt: Moments later, L. C. Moves all - in with the best you know uh you know so okay hand against the last player, but gets rivered and falls short of his dream of winning 3 world championships.
1563.txt: He was the first son of John II and like um so uh um Beatrice, daughter of Henry III of England and Eleanor of Provence.
2373.txt: John B. Ridpath (; born 1936 ) is a so okay I mean I mean okay Canadian Objectivist intellectual historian and retired associate professor of economics and intellectual history at York University in Toronto.
3292.txt: Seppala introduced the American public to the work dogs used I mean well you know so I mean by Native Siberians at the time; the breed came to I mean so I mean so okay be known as the 'Siberian Husky' in the English - speaking world.
1613.txt: HidesterVPN supports several protocols such as PPTP, L2TP / IPSec and okay like like well okay OpenVPN, additional features include DNS leak protection, IPv6 leak protection, multiple VPN gateways, unlimited bandwidth and split tunneling.
947.txt: During the Second World War, on the 21 like uh well so you know May 1940, the' Jeanne d'Arc', along with the so you know well um um 'Émile - Bertin', departed from Brest with a 200 - tonne cargo of gold from the Bank of France.
4819.txt: Vader and Luke fight again, during which Vader learns that I mean uh uh I mean well Leia is Luke's twin sister and threatens to turn her to the dark side if Luke will not submit.
1953.txt: In January 2017 it was announced that SKINNY ROADS the single uh well um so um was named the most played song on Christian radio across okay okay I mean okay so Australia for 2016, the song has also been nominated for 2016 APRA song of the year.
4738.txt: Tomáš Sedláček (January 8, 1918 -- August 27, 2012) graduated well okay okay uh well from a military academy and fled to France in 1940 when his nation was occupied by Nazi troops.
4403.txt: The station is owned by Southern Oregon University, and is like uh well I mean well an affiliate of Jefferson Public Radio, airing JPR's 'Rhythm & News' service, consisting of news and adult album alternative music.
3494.txt: Stammering, Bobby suggests that there may have been okay um okay well you know an extra one, then realizes his mistake, but Ed uh well um well okay says no, that Drew was not wearing his life jacket and that he does not know why.
1232.txt: Grande's second studio album, 'My Everything' (2014), also reached number well okay you know I mean well one in the United States, and contained the hit singles 'Problem' and 'Break Free'.
1057.txt: Farouk was thin early in his reign but later gained weight, so like well okay you know reaching nearly 136 kg (300 pounds) -- an acquaintance described him as 'a stomach with a head'.
236.txt: After recovering from the effect of kurrare, the Saints compare okay you know you know um so notes and realize that Gabriel must be taking Shandala to the BIOCOM building.
3670.txt: The City of Sumter holds the distinction of being I mean well okay you know you know the first to adopt the council - manager form of government shortly after it was founded on June 11, 1912.
3400.txt: Shortly after college, Powers began his professional career for uh well so you know okay the Columbus Cottonmouths, a team within the Central Hockey so well well I mean okay League (CHL), and was recognized for his on well um well you know like and off - ice performance when he was awarded 2000 -- 01 CHL Community Service Award.
2172.txt: It complements the existing DVB - H physical layer uh okay uh uh I mean standard and like its sister specification (DVB - H) okay well okay so uh uses the DVB IP Datacast (IPDC) set of content delivery, electronic service guide and service purchase and protection standards.
3551.txt: TMC has a medical staff of over 1, I mean okay you know like uh 000 physicians complemented by 2, 200 workers engaged in allied medical, administrative and support services.
4187.txt: The median income for a household in the city is like so uh you know uh $ 36, 900, and the median income for a family is $ 43, 654.
512.txt: Australia and Denmark share a strong bilateral relationship based so well I mean I mean I mean on cooperation on many issues in international forums, a strong commitment I mean okay like I mean so to global security, and people - to - people links established over two centuries of migration.
3760.txt: The Lehri are a Brahui tribe in Balochistan, Pakistan and they are descended from Rind Baloch.
3673.txt: The College decided not to rebuild the Victorian temple in uh um I mean uh like the middle of the performing area because such 'temples' are not true to the design of ancient Greek amphitheatres.
3522.txt: Students also have access to the Southall Sports Centre run by okay um uh like you know the London Borough of Ealing, the Sixth Form um uh okay um I mean Centre, and separate facilities for adult learning and a vocational centre.
4163.txt: The macabre and the supernatural are frequent themes, and may overlap with the fantasy, supernatural, and thriller genres.
3262.txt: Saunders was an expert on gulls and terns and was secretary you know okay okay uh so of the British Ornithologists 'Union from 1901 to 1907, and first Secretary and Treasurer of the British Ornithologists' Club.
1777.txt: In 1789, Montgomery County was reduced in size by splitting so you know so I mean okay off Ontario County; in 1791, Montgomery County was reduced further in size by splitting off Herkimer, Otsego, and Tioga Counties.
449.txt: As of October 2016 Global Infrastructure Partners had aggregate assets so I mean um I mean okay under management of approximately US $ 35 billion with its investments are largely concentrated in OECD countries.
1038.txt: Executive producer Rob Corn stated that his plan for um like you know you know well the original arc was about Jane Doe's inner life, okay I mean I mean I mean like struggling to get out of the situation she is trapped in, like well so okay okay noting that the main characteristics of the actress uh um you know well okay they had been looking for were strength and vulnerabilty.
3230.txt: Russia had taken the fortress of Kars from the Turks um like you know like so during the Russo - Turkish War in 1877, when it uh you know so you know okay was incorporated into the militarily administered Kars Oblast, and it now uh so well so like feared a Caucasus Campaign aimed at retaking Kars and the port of Batum.
3945.txt: The channel was previously occupied by WHYY - TV starting in so um you know uh um 1957, which later moved its city of license and frequency to Channel 12 in nearby Wilmington, Delaware in 1963.
1927.txt: In April he stretch out to a mile and uh um um I mean well one eighth and finished second again, this time to Dual Classic Winner Tim Tam in the Florida Derby also at Gulfstream.
1190.txt: General Sir Charles Wale (born 15th August 1752) became you know like well you know like Colonel of the 33rd ( The Duke of Wellington's ) Regiment of Foot on 25 February 1831.
1860.txt: In 1995, the 'Hetman Sahaydachniy' visited Abu Dhabi during uh well like I mean well the 'Idex - 95' exhibitions, and also, with 'U402 Kostiantyn Olshansky', visited Norfolk, Virginia in the United States.
4748.txt: Tram services to Drummoyne and Ryde were serviced by well you know uh you know so the Rozelle Tram Depot, the line, after departing the depot so so well so uh travelled along the Crescent and Commercial Road, Glebe, turning left onto Victoria Road.
304.txt: Almost 150 people formed a rally at the CNN I mean I mean uh well so center in Atlanta to support the Palestinian people and I mean okay well I mean so call for the US government to stop supporting the state of Israel.
3722.txt: The Golfo Azzurro is a ship used by the Sea you know okay okay um okay Shepherd Conservation Society to observe whale hunting in the Faeroe Isles in mid- 2010.
2620.txt: Manuella 'Manny' Santos (born August 15, 1989) is a so you know uh well I mean fictional character portrayed by Cassie Steele created by Linda Schuyler and Yan Moore.
4088.txt: The form of the trade was bartering, especially active well you know you know uh um between 1897 and 1905, in spices, cassava, salted fish and bird - of - paradise.
4178.txt: The man who has the record for most Joints rolled okay like um um like in one minute is actually a 15 year old so so um you know okay boy called Sam Shafi he rolled a remarkable 54 joints in one minute smashing the 33 joint record.
4268.txt: The pelvis is the largest bony part of the skeleton I mean okay uh um um and contains three joints: the pubic symphysis, and two sacroiliac joints.
4288.txt: The population was 12, 124 at the 2000 census, well okay well well well though a recent survey suggests a population of closer to 15, 000.
1802.txt: In 1917 the mine was involved in the Industrial Workers well um um you know uh of the World miners' strike which led to over 1000 miners okay you know uh like I mean being arrested and deported in what became known as the Bisbee Deportation.
2601.txt: Mahl and Knittel were later convicted of war crimes so okay uh you know um and sentenced to death, although both sentences were subsequently commuted.
4893.txt: When they are saying goodnight on her porch, he gets so well I mean I mean I mean the courage to ask if he can see her um okay uh um you know again and it is revealed that she is learning to live again also, but he doesn't know it.
4386.txt: The song has also been covered by 'Rockgrass' um okay like okay so band Hayseed Dixie, a band that covers popular rock / pop songs using a bluegrass style.
3331.txt: She continued the research, begun under Drinker, on air you know like well I mean like pollution until she left the school in 1977, uh so I mean so okay becoming more interested in the role of metals in the inhalation of sulfuric acid.
3252.txt: Samuel Akintola, Premier of the Western Region, as well as like so uh okay like several high ranking Northern army officers; by contrast, only a single Igbo officer lost his life.
14.txt: 'Got You (Where I Want You)' was also featured on um you know well um uh the soundtrack for the 1998 MGM film Disturbing Behavior, which like um like okay like starred Katie Holmes. There music is also featured okay okay so I mean um in The Crow salvation soundtrack, with the track I Know What You Want.
572.txt: Between 1914 and 1917 issues of the trade journal, 'Dog well I mean like you know you know Fancier' contained notes and display ads from McEvoy and Aldrich okay like I mean like well offering their dogs for sale and in 1917 they sold off their dogs and closed down their kennel.
1115.txt: Forced to leave France by the outbreak of um well well well well The Great War, August 1914 she arrived back in Adelaide well I mean well you know like and started teaching at the Adelaide School of Arts and Crafts.
3089.txt: Posing for Gerda in women's clothes, Lili became uh so uh I mean you know Gerda's favorite model, and eventually came out as a male - to - female transsexual woman.
2830.txt: No record of their physical nature has survived except okay um um uh um in the form of their characteristic arch; the doorway used to move between rooms.
1936.txt: In December 1990, 2nd Battalion, 5th Marines sailed for uh like okay okay uh the Persian Gulf in support of Operations Desert Shield / I mean um okay I mean uh Desert Storm and later landed in Saudi Arabia and participated in the liberation of Kuwait.
1053.txt: Fanagalo is spoken in Zambia, Zimbabwe, and South Africa by less than half a million speakers.
1130.txt: Francis M. McDowell (1831 -- 1894), an American banker you know um so so so and farmer, was born of British Ancestry in Wayne, New York.
2349.txt: Jannings was a theater actor who eventually started a career in Hollywood.
3889.txt: The above map indicates the Category I lands well well um so well reserved for Natives under the terms of the Crown um you know okay um I mean - in - right - of - Quebec, like well um well okay hunting, fishing and trapping rights are reserved for natives and forestry, mining and tourism development authority is shared.
4588.txt: They learn in the cave that the dragons answer to okay well you know well uh an Alpha dragon called a Bewilderbeast, who can um um well um uh control all dragons and has the ability to shoot ice instead of fire.
1648.txt: His maternal grandfather, James Pridmore, founded the West Glamorgan Coal I mean okay well um you know Company, which allowed Heseltine to be brought up in relative luxury at No. 1, Uplands Crescent (now No. 5).
1252.txt: HAL Bangalore International Airport, also known as HAL Airport or Hindustan well you know well so uh Airport, was a domestic and international airport serving Bangalore, Karnataka, um I mean well well okay India, however it is now a defunct airport, which was like well uh uh I mean replaced by the new Bengaluru International Airport on May 24, 2008.
1010.txt: English architecture begins with the architecture of the Anglo - like uh okay you know um Saxons; at least fifty surviving English churches are of well well like so okay Anglo - Saxon origin, although in some cases okay like um okay well the Anglo - Saxon part is small and much - altered.
3997.txt: The cybernetic implants in her head, that were required as a I mean uh okay you know okay Weatherman, did put a bit of a strain on her relationship you know like okay well like with Jackson, but soon Henry Bendix returned as Weatherman and Christine was restored to normal.
2020.txt: In flashback, it is shown that he was part okay you know um uh uh of Operation Cerberus with Castle and a former US Navy Special Amphibious Reconnaissance Corpsman.
2291.txt: It was founded in 1994 by Kevin Wentworth so um uh like so Preston and is based in the village of Pinkney like you know so um uh near Malmesbury, Wiltshire, an area of England known as the Cotswolds.
2311.txt: It will premiere on February 28, 2011 and be simulcast so so uh I mean okay in 3DTV on in Las Vegas, was first broadcast in well like like um um January 2006 and consisted of 13 episodes, hosted by A okay okay well um okay. J. Benza and comedian / actor - turned - poker pro Gabe Kaplan.
292.txt: All jackets are made of 100 % cotton waterproof outer I mean uh you know well you know - shell and 100 % down proof nylon lining, I mean well you know um okay and are down - filled with Ukrainian grey duck and um uh so well like with 320 more feathers is both the parkas and the bombers.
20.txt: 'Kuka Kanyini' draws on traditional land management practices and so so I mean uh I mean sets out priorities for scientists to work with Indigenous communities to help them manage their lands themselves.
583.txt: Bishop took over the editorial desk of 'The Friend' in so I mean um okay so 1887, and while some believed he used it to pursue I mean okay I mean I mean well his political agenda, others called it a 'crowning service to this community and to humanity'.
667.txt: By February 2004, Intel announced the EM64T instruction set, formerly known as Yamhill, it derived from AMD's AMD64.
375.txt: Anne Everett (1943 - 2013) was an American artist from okay I mean well okay so the Blue Ridge Mountains, Bedford county, Virginia: she is best okay uh okay like like known for her work as an abstract expressionist, a colourist and, after 1995, as an icon painter.
2325.txt: Its signal also covers the Detroit, Michigan metropolitan area like you know so um uh across the international border in the United States, and therefore so so so I mean like is counted as a Detroit station for the purposes of territorial programming rights.
1340.txt: He first attracted the attention of the media in 1986 like um I mean well uh when he created a new society to invite the you know okay um uh well Ambassador of South Africa, Glenn Babb after the International I mean uh okay so you know Law Society had withdrawn an invitation, deeming it too controversial because of the issue of apartheid.
128.txt: A versatile player, comfortable in the center or right side well so I mean so um of midfield, he represented Colombia at all youth levels.
2587.txt: Lynchings reached a peak in the late 19th and early 20th um so um okay um centuries, when Southern states changed their constitutions and electoral rules like uh I mean like well to disfranchise blacks and, having regained political power, enacted um uh well like so a series of segregation and Jim Crow laws to reestablish White supremacy.
1914.txt: In 2012 he was presented with the Smith - so I mean you know uh um Murphy Award for Outstanding Teaching, as well like like so okay um as a Young Professional Award from Kent State University.
2012.txt: In cocoa cooperatives, buyers also contribute money to community uh I mean like uh well development, allowing cocoa farmers to increase product quality, build infrastructure, train I mean okay you know so uh workers, bring safe drinking water to their communities and establish local health clinics and schools.
2588.txt: Lyon believes that the network mapping can help detect and you know well you know well um assess sites of disasters in the world, citing the significant destruction of Internet capabilities after a disaster.
4451.txt: The unit moved to France on 8 October uh so uh uh um 1917, although on 7 November, No. 28 Squadron was transferred well so you know I mean I mean to Italy and most of the unit, including you know like well so I mean aircraft and with Barker temporarily in command, travelled by train to Milan.
926.txt: During World War I Balla's studio became the okay okay like you know um meeting place for young artists but by the I mean um I mean well like end of the war the Futurist movement was okay um um okay uh showing signs ofUnited States and in 1935 was made a member of Rome's Accademia di San Luca.
2940.txt: On the 27 March 2008 at 5. 40pm on well like well like okay the westbound carriageway of the A14 between Girton and Histon like like okay like you know an accident involved two cars and two lorries - both car drivers died.
1445.txt: He moved to Delhi following the partition of um um okay you know well India in 1947, but desiring to move beyond accompaniment okay like like um I mean and frustrated with his supporting role, Narayan moved to Mumbai to work in Indian cinema in 1949.
1882.txt: In 2004, Dragić joined Ilirija of the Slovenian 1B league for the 2004 -- 05 season.
3600.txt: The 2000 -- 01 season saw Manchester City relegated, um so okay so like however, Tiatto performed well for the struggling club, and won Manchester City's Player of the Year award for the season.
1935.txt: In December 1944, the 352nd received orders to deploy to you know you know okay okay okay a remote field in Belgium designated 'Y - 29' and after arriving on the 22nd, began operating on the 24th.
3701.txt: The Emergency Services (Obstruction) Act 2006 (c. 39) is an okay so so well well Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom intended to I mean you know um you know well reduce the instances of obstruction of, or assaults, on emergency service personnel.
4431.txt: The third book in the series, 'The Mammoth Hunters' was I mean so okay okay um released in Fall 1985, and details Ayla's personal growth as okay okay I mean uh like she learns to cope with a society of widely disparate individuals and their unpredictable behaviors and mysterious motivations and habits.
859.txt: Despite the fact that it is sometimes called the otaheite okay uh I mean so like cashew, 'Syzygium malaccense' is not related to cashew -- so uh so so um an important distinction because cashew nuts (but not cashew fruits) uh you know um like uh may trigger allergic reactions while rose apple fruit has not been observed to do so.
982.txt: Edison approved of Ford's automobile experimentation; encouraged by him, Ford designed and built a second vehicle, completing it in 1898.
266.txt: After the war he returned to the Treasury and in 1921 I mean so like I mean I mean he became Principal Private Secretary to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, serving several successive Chancellors including Winston Churchill.
4217.txt: The new features include an additional seating area, bicycle storage and the area is also being completely pedestrianised.
3440.txt: Six new Alstom Coradia LINT trainsets were purchased in well well like you know you know order to replace and retire the 3 Bombardier Talent trainsets well so okay like uh which, along with the 2 extra passing loops, will double the like like so so um number of trains on the line to four and reduce wait times.
592.txt: Bo Saris was born in Venlo, Netherlands, and now resides in London, England.
3372.txt: She studied painting at the Imperial Academy of Arts in Saint uh well I mean you know like Petersburg (Императорская Академия художеств) between 1891 and 1901 and um okay so like okay was entitled 'artist' (Russian: художника) for her picture 'B' ehind the scenes '(' За кулисами' ).
1296.txt: He argues that because paper companies have incentives so I mean okay you know I mean to replenish their forests, large demands for paper lead okay uh you know you know okay to large forests, while reduced demand for paper leads to fewer 'farmed' forests.
444.txt: As late as 1905 there were still Chinese miners you know so so okay uh that continued to work in the American Canyon, but I mean well um like I mean by that time they were quite elderly and numbered fewer than ten.
53.txt: A Green - oriented Elvish planeswalker originated from the plane like like like like well of Zendikar that uses the raw energy of her um like I mean um um own plane to defend herseelf and her kin from an ancient alien menace.
274.txt: Agnieszka Chylińska and Małgorzata Foremniak returned as you know you know I mean well okay judges and were joined by Ukrainian sand artist Tetiana Galitsyna, who received PLN 300, 000.
853.txt: Dermot Richard Claud Chichester, 7th Marquess of Donegall, LVO (18 like okay well okay okay April 1916 -- 19 April 2007) was the I mean well uh so okay second son of Arthur Chichester, 4th Baron Templemore, whom he succeeded in the Barony.
3900.txt: The album was produced and arranged by Henry 'Junjo' Lawes, so like okay okay I mean The Riddim Tracks were recorded at Channel One and like okay you know well okay played by The Roots Radics Band, All the tracks were mixed by Scientist at King Tubby's Studio.
3523.txt: Students applying for degree candidacy must successfully complete three uh um so um um 4 - credit liberal arts courses at Harvard with at least you know so um uh um a B grade, and maintain a minimum 3. 0 cumulative well like so you know well GPA; one of these three pre-admission courses must be EXPO E- 25 Expository Writing.
1275.txt: Hannia Guillen (born 1982 in Ciego de Ávila, Cuba) is like you know well like so a Cuban - American actress best known for her uh I mean like uh okay portrayal of Paloma Lopez - Fitzgerald on the NBC daytime television soap opera 'Passions' from October 16, 2007 to 2008.
1643.txt: His funeral was attended by over 100, 000 people and well you know like you know um there was widespread sadness at his death; he was a popular I mean uh you know you know uh player with both cricketers and spectators due to his attacking batting and his warm personality.
2796.txt: Neil Clark (born 8 October 1981) is currently a rugby union player for Exeter Chiefs in the Aviva Premiership.
2713.txt: Mineral ore could now be brought relatively conveniently to market; um well so I mean I mean this not only brought about transfer of the transportation like um well uh um from other routes to the canal, but it encouraged further exploration and mineral extraction, which then augmented carrying on the canal.
216.txt: After getting a negative response from them, he um okay um okay well himself implemented the Group Mediclaim Policy for the needy 22, 450 well so you know um like families in Ghatkopar, covering people, having a sum like I mean I mean um so assured of Rs. 50, 000 / - per family, through Oriental Insurance Company.
71.txt: A few years later, when Grinstead's family relocated to okay I mean um you know I mean Whitesboro, Texas, he chose to remain remain in Indian Territory, well okay um so so where he supported himself by working a variety of odd I mean I mean okay well okay jobs before finding fulltime employment as a printer with The Ardmore Weekly Courier.
2697.txt: Michael Armand Hammer (born September 8, 1955) is the son of like well okay so I mean Julian Armand Hammer and the grandson of American industrialist and philanthropist Armand Hammer.
4941.txt: With a guard's compartment in the centre and two so well you know um like large areas either side for storing luggage they were a okay you know uh I mean you know very versatile type of coach and could be found all over like okay okay uh I mean the British Railways network and some are still in use today - although not in conventional use.
3959.txt: The clothes line wraps around Tod's neck, and slowly suffocates so okay uh so you know him as he desperately attempts to free himself, but he eventually dies.
3888.txt: The Yumbo name refers to a smaller snack based like you know so well okay sandwich from the 1970s and early 1980s of the same um I mean you know you know well name which was a hot ham and cheese sandwich served on a hamburger roll.
1941.txt: In February 1781, the Scindias lost a battle to the okay okay um so I mean British there, which resulted in a mutual - defense treaty the following October.
4024.txt: The exhaust exited through vectoring nozzles in the center of gravity which were vectorable through about 90º.
564.txt: Berdella died of a heart attack in 1992 at Jefferson uh well uh well uh City Correctional Center, after writing letters to a so well okay well okay minister claiming the prison officials were not giving him his heart medication.
1603.txt: Her style has been referred to as 'Amy Winehouse okay you know uh okay I mean meets Lily Allen', a description she's very proud of, citing Rihanna, Beyoncé and Dusty Springfield as additional influences.
3107.txt: Prior to August 19, 2006, the exam was a paper - I mean well okay you know uh and - pencil test; since January 27, 2007, uh uh okay you know like however, all administrations of the exam have been computer - based.
1094.txt: Food and drink is permitted during the shows, which are free, though donations are encouraged.
1506.txt: He toured with Dead Can Dance in the nineties but um uh you know like well since the Spiritchaser tour in 1996 he has focussed his energies on Kíla and his solo work.
4965.txt: Work began to accelerate in 2000, with the section you know uh like like okay between Interstate 35 and U. S. Route 65 becoming four lanes that year.
2524.txt: Leaving the university without graduating, she travelled to the United States, where she studied at Columbia University and met her first husband.
70.txt: A few other dogs played Petey but Lucenay's Peter you know so well okay I mean was the most famous, after being fired from okay uh well like okay the Our Gang series Harry Lucenay retired Pete to like you know so um you know Atlantic City N. J. Where he was photographed with children at the famed Steel Pier.
2984.txt: Originally built in 1942 as the home 216 Maintenance Unit so uh um um uh RAF, the site was renamed St George'sBarracks and went I mean like like um okay on to become the regional centre for infantry training as the Fusilier Brigade Depot in 1960.
2219.txt: It is known for containing amygdalin, a poisonous compound that, well uh okay um well together with the related synthetic compound laetrile, has been marketed as an alternative cancer treatment.
1171.txt: Gail Charlene Boggs (born August 10, 1951 in Montclair, New you know well you know you know okay Jersey) is an American actress best known for her role as Louise Brown in the 1990 film 'Ghost'.
3805.txt: The Pancor Jackhammer is fully automatic and thus classified um so I mean you know like as a machine gun by the United States and are regulated you know you know I mean like you know as such by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives.
585.txt: Bjerkreim is a municipality in the county of Rogaland, Norway, in the southwestern part of the country.
97.txt: A native of the United Kingdom, Payne has long uh so like you know well been an outspoken critic of bans on online gambling and uh I mean um um I mean an ardent supporter of legalization and regulation of the industry.
4923.txt: Widely characterized as a 'Zionist epic', 'Cinema and the Shoah: an art confronts the tragedy of the twentieth century'.
2278.txt: It was concluded that this crash was a type known okay I mean I mean uh okay as C. F. I. T. (Controlled Flight Into Terrain) and like I mean you know okay okay that there were no defects with the aircraft or its systems like I mean okay um uh which contributed to the crash, for this the failure to read the instruments correctly rests with the captain.
2056.txt: In some mosques there is a platform ( 'müezzin mahfili' in well well um well okay Turkish ) opposite the minbar where the assistant of the Imam, the muezzin, stands during prayer.
2727.txt: Mohamed A. Omaar is the elder son of Abdullahi Omaar the well uh you know well so famous elder and businesman, he was born in Hargaisa in well uh okay uh you know 1st of July 1953, his young brothers are Raqiya Omaar the Human rights advocate and the famous journalist Rageh Omaar.
2785.txt: Naeun was a JYP Entertainment trainee and made a cameo appearance in Got7's MV for 'Stop Stop It'.
1398.txt: He is best known for his time in WWE under the so okay so you know okay ring name Simon Gotch, where he held the NXT Tag Team I mean well you know I mean I mean Championship as one - half of The Vaudevillains along with Aiden English.
232.txt: After moving to Melbourne, Australia to teach Traditional Wing Chun professionally okay uh okay okay you know in 1973, Cheung established his wing chun studio in Melbourne's CBD, which attracts hundreds of new students each year.
1299.txt: He attended public school in St. Joseph, Missouri, and the Western Military Academy in Newcastle, Kentucky.
4973.txt: Yangyang has since been suspended, as Yangyang International Airport uh so okay like well was closed in late 2008, currently no inter-Korean flights run according to laws in both countries.
3542.txt: Susan Marie Groppi won the in 2010 for her so so you know you know well work as Editor - in - Chief on okay um I mean I mean like 'Strange Horizons', and the magazine itself was nominated for the Best Website Hugo Award in 2002 and 2005.
2692.txt: Mersin İdmanyurdu took place in 1990 -- 91 Second League well I mean so well like in Group C and finished 3rd with 19 wins and 69 goals.
4931.txt: William Lawson - (14 March 1772 -- 25 Auguast, 1848) was so uh uh so so a businessman, office holder, justice of the peace, and like uh um so I mean politician born in Halifax, Nova Scotia, in Canada, you know I mean okay um um and the son of John Lawson and Sarah Shatford.
2926.txt: On November 3, 1896, Russell was elected Governor of North Carolina and served one - four year term.
2372.txt: John Adam Belushi (; January 24, 1949 -- March you know you know like I mean well 5, 1982 ) was an American comedian, actor, I mean well like so you know and musician, best known as one of the original cast okay well uh I mean uh members of the NBC sketch comedy show 'Saturday Night Live'.
1415.txt: He is the older brother of Tom Axworthy, MA so I mean um so you know and PhD from Princeton University in 1963 and 1972 well you know you know I mean okay respectively, returning to Canada to teach at the University of Manitoba and the University of Winnipeg.
4849.txt: WMMB's transmitter is located in southern Brevard County, Florida and it's I mean well uh um so content is simulcast in North Brevard on it's sister station 1350AM WMMV.
1237.txt: Graves did this as comic relief in the novel, well like like uh like but in reality she did not have a reputation of gluttony.
841.txt: David William 'Hughesy' Hughes (born 26 November like I mean uh so uh 1970) is an Australian stand - up comedian, radio and television presenter.
4657.txt: This track cycling event consists of a single race um um um well okay in which the cyclist with the most points at the end of the race wins.
2296.txt: It was located about two miles southeast of present - okay uh I mean um well day town of Marshfield and was the site of the first meetings of the township trustees in the 1830s.
2597.txt: Macbeth in Munich, Traviata at Wiener Staatsoper at September you know uh uh like uh 2012 the Duke in 'Rigoletto' San Francisco Opera, conducted by M ° Luisotti.
2021.txt: In foreign policy, Fillmore supported U. S. Naval uh I mean like well okay expeditions to open trade in Japan, opposed French designs on Hawaii, and was embarrassed by Narciso López's filibuster expeditions to Cuba.
3637.txt: The Authority also sought to help control flooding on the lower like um uh I mean I mean Mississippi River, especially in the aftermath of the Ohio River okay well I mean like okay flood of 1937, as research had shown that 4 you know so well uh so % of the water in the lower Mississippi originates in the Tennessee River watershed.
3294.txt: Serena's sudden change in mood convinced Scott that she like so like so I mean was too embarrassed to be seen with him, and this incident okay well um so you know went on to mar his first day at the school okay okay um so uh where his over-eagerness and clumsiness made it difficult for him to fit in.
2801.txt: Nevzorov Haute Ecole (NHE) - is a modern school created by uh um like like you know Alexander Nevzorov and is based on the ancient Haute Ecole principles and human horse treatment.
1227.txt: Governments are particularly susceptible to accusations of cronyism as they spend you know um um I mean uh public money this is why democratic governments are encouraged you know well you know um so to have transparency in their accounting and contracting processes.
637.txt: Broomfield was born in West Palm Beach, Florida, and I mean I mean okay I mean well grew up as part of a family group, La Voyage, playing in local clubs.
2609.txt: Major Paul I. 'Pappy' Gunn modified some USAAF Douglas A- 20 like well uh um uh Havoc light bombers by installing four machine guns in their noses, uh so like like um and two fuel tanks were added to give the aircraft more range.
255.txt: After the establishment of the National Science and Technology so um um well like Development Agency (NSTDA) on 30 December 1991, BIOTEC like well like like um became one of the NSTDA centers, operating outside the normal framework of civil service and state enterprises.
4076.txt: The flagging duties were moved to the new perch, so I mean okay you know so previously they were done from a small trackside platform, and prior to that, on the race track itself.
2396.txt: Joseph left the family business and received so uh I mean I mean well his B. A. From Boston College, started working as okay well okay well well a bond trader at Merrill Lynch on Wall Street, um like uh well you know but after a year returned to the family's restaurant business.
4321.txt: The reserve includes a trail (Mill Trail) and like so well you know so medieval bridges and is home to several habitats including a poplar plantation, reedbed and species - rich wet meadows.
3375.txt: She used it to burst out of the tanker, well like uh okay um destroying any White Whale members that were near, and to form giant robotic suits of armour around herself and her teammates.
4985.txt: Younger uncle Karunai Prakasar get married and wrote more than five books in Tamil.
769.txt: Clifford Herschel Moore, Ph. D. (1866 -) was an American so you know I mean okay well Latin scholar, born at Sudbury, Mass. , and educated I mean well uh I mean like at Harvard (A. B. , 1889) and in Europe at Munich (Ph. D. , 1897).
2161.txt: It also made for easy entry through the driver's door um so like like okay and no cold steel up a driver's leg but the okay I mean well I mean I mean petrol tank was in the scuttle and its filler was so I mean uh I mean um above the gear lever in the centre of the dashboard.
2228.txt: It is not acceptable to delete information from an you know like uh uh you know article because it spoils the plot if that would um you know I mean so so interfere with, encyclopedic tone, completeness, or any other element of article quality (for example, the).
2197.txt: It is 'red, smooth and shiny', its epithelium is thinner I mean I mean okay I mean okay than that of the gums, is non-keratinized, and is not connected to underlying tissue by rete pegs.
2319.txt: Its natural habitat is rivers and it is threatened by habitat loss.
2799.txt: Nevertheless, his criminal record would include over 20 arrests so so okay um so and convictions and, in January 1909, he was finally convicted of grand larceny and sentenced to 20 years imprisonment.
2258.txt: It reached also the top position on the Canadian Adult Contemporary well like well I mean well Chart, and was a top 10 hit in Denmark, Italy, okay so well uh well Switzerland, France, and Canada where it was certified gold for selling over 20, 000 digital downloads.
495.txt: At the end of the race Axwell wins and like uh you know so um a photo finish photograph is taken and it comes out and gets blown away into the desert.
278.txt: Al Wilson finally won the Schenley award for I mean so so I mean okay Most Outstanding Offensive Lineman and receiver / return Leon Bright captured the Schenley Rookie award.
3520.txt: Stuart Hanlon is a criminal defense lawyer based in well well I mean well uh San Francisco, California who defended Geronimo Pratt and members of the Symbionese Liberation Army.
4611.txt: This appears fairly straightforward at this point; no apparent problems as yet.
2781.txt: Mystery Incorporated', Abin Sur in', and various teachers in um you know okay so I mean 'Recess', one of the mail men in 'Rugrats', and various characters in 'The Buzz On Maggie'.
2288.txt: It was first published in the horror anthology 'Shock Rock' okay like like well um and later included in King's collection 'Nightmares & Dreamscapes', um you know uh like okay concerning a young couple on a road trip in so okay so um uh Oregon when they accidentally wander into a small town inhabited by dead musicians.
303.txt: Alma reserves her life to manage day - to well you know like okay well - day tasks in the house, and be a 24 hour so like uh well uh personal - companion to whatever Johan demands her to do, be or perform at any particular moment.
3226.txt: Russell, the leader of the robbers, demands food and the police supply them with pizzas whose boxes include listening devices.
2834.txt: Noel Gugliemi (born in 1970 in Santa Monica, California) I mean uh you know okay you know is an American actor born to an Italian father and a Mexican mother.
1970.txt: In May 1938 a new constitution was adopted, which well uh uh so like echoed the previous constitution's statement that Vilnius was the permanent capital of Lithuania and that Kaunas was merely a temporary capital.
1143.txt: Freudenstadt is a town in Baden - Württemberg, Germany, and is capital of the district Freudenstadt.
319.txt: Although L'Enfant designed city's original street layout in 1791, um like um so I mean surveyor Washington County (on the Maryland side of um um um like so the Potomac) and Alexandria County (on the Virginia side).
3592.txt: The 1873 grist mill is a three - you know I mean well like uh story structure set into the hill, with a like um um well you know frame board and batten - clad third story set on a two - story stone foundation.
3118.txt: Programs in the ROM modules could be called from a um you know uh well um user program, using the ubiquitous XEQ function, that appeared as 'XROM' when used to refer to a ROM program.
2400.txt: José María Caro Martínez was elected the first Mayor, and formalized the city plan in 1894.
2661.txt: Matters worsened for Maximilian after the French armies withdrew so okay uh like well from Mexico in 1866, and he was captured and executed by the Mexican government in 1867.
3155.txt: Rebecca's boss is replaced yet again, who is interested in her and decides to reassign Rebecca as manager.
1871.txt: In 2001, Adut completed a TAFE course equivalent to a well okay I mean um like high school certificate, then went on to complete an Advanced Diploma in Accounting at TAFE.
1295.txt: He announces over the intercom that the staff and prisoners uh uh you know uh like are free to leave through the one available I mean you know um so um exit - the front door and that he is taking back the Asulymn that is his family heritage.
1070.txt: Finally, I got my first computer when I was like um uh I mean you know 7, a Windows Vista Laptop, inspiron 1525, two and an okay um you know I mean well half years later I got a toshiba satellite laptop with Windows 7 but within a year the casing started to split.
4255.txt: The original mission duration was to be only three okay uh I mean so um years, but in June 2005, 14 years you know um like um um after the satellite's launch, six of its ten instruments were still operational.
2864.txt: Olav Terje Bergo is chief editor of Bergensavisen well okay you know I mean like BA, a post he has held since 1984, and was you know okay you know like okay chairman of the board of the Norwegian Media Business organization from 2002 to 2005.
2714.txt: Mini-Me can't talk, and often expresses himself with writing, but well uh you know okay like uses his middle finger to insult someone whenever necessary (See Mini-Me).
1009.txt: Empress Genshō was an elder sister of Emperor well I mean I mean you know well Mommu and daughter of Prince Kusakabe and his wife and like I mean uh like um later Empress Empress Gemmei, therefore a granddaughter of okay so well like uh Emperor Temmu and Empress Jitō by her father and a granddaughter of Emperor Tenji through her mother.
4129.txt: The initial route was to run from Chattanooga to like so you know you know okay a spot called simply 'Terminus,' located east of I mean well um uh uh the Chattahoochee River, which would eventually be linked to the Georgia you know I mean okay like so Railroad from Augusta and the Macon and Western Railroad, which ran from Macon to Savannah.
2480.txt: Kreon was a fictional character featured in comic um um um so uh books published by DC Comics he was a Green Lantern from the world of Tebis.
285.txt: Alice Lucille McCoy (born March 29, 1948) was a Republican uh uh okay like you know State Representative from District 35 in Pennington County, South Dakota from 1999 to 2006.
4134.txt: The investment in Sampoerna represented a strategic move for I mean um so I mean so Altria, as although Marlboro is by far the most so so well uh so popular Western - style (non kretek cigarette), most Indonesians still smoke kretek cigarettes.
3705.txt: The Executive Director is Cindy Cohn, she held the office of Legal Director at EFF from 2000 - 2015.
1346.txt: He graduated Boston College, the Columbia University Graduate School um like like um like of Journalism (with honors), and was a 1965 Society of Nieman Fellows at Harvard University.
173.txt: Active shutter 3D systems are used to present you know I mean I mean uh uh 3D films in some theaters, and they can be you know so uh okay well used to present 3D images on CRT, plasma, LCD and other types of video displays.
3469.txt: Some of the problems with viewing consonant gradation in Finnish um well like I mean okay as purely an issue of syllable structure is that the like well so okay um language has undergone various phonetic changes due to which not uh okay so you know okay all weak grades occur in closed syllables, and not all strong grades occur in open syllables.
107.txt: A quantitative trait locus (QTL) is a region okay like okay like I mean of DNA that is associated with a particular you know so well I mean okay phenotypic trait - these QTLs are often found on different chromosomes.
3108.txt: Prior to his appointment as the Secretary of the Department of I mean well I mean okay uh Health, Flavier went to serve village folk in Nueva Ecija uh okay I mean I mean I mean and Cavite, and became president of the Philippine Rural Reconstruction Movement in 1967.
4302.txt: The project for the church was entrusted by the engineer Maggi, I mean I mean okay you know well and on August 8 1926, Monsignor Roberto Colombo placed the first stone of the church.
2008.txt: In case of febrile seizures, medical advice can be I mean um um like uh sought for reassurance, however febrile seizures are not okay um I mean well uh harmful, do not require treatment, and have no long term negative effects unless they last longer than five minutes.
4061.txt: The first church on the site was dedicated to uh uh well I mean well St Peter and described as the Church of Westleigh in you know like you know I mean I mean Leigh, its dedication changed to St Mary the Virgin at the end of the 14th century.
603.txt: Born and raised in Hyderabad, she is the so uh well I mean um granddaughter of statesmen Muhammad Saleh Akbar Hydari and J. Rameshwar Rao.
3081.txt: Police believe her death was gang - related, coincidentally mirroring her you know I mean you know like well most well - known role - although they also speculate she okay um um so well was not a gang member herself, rather she was simply at the wrong place at the wrong time.
2269.txt: It was also a controversial production, as its stories were partly well I mean I mean okay um based on real people and events, and several years passed I mean like okay I mean well before it was adapted from a play performed by the um okay I mean uh okay Royal Shakespeare Company, due in part to the BBC's fear of litigation.
1830.txt: In 1964, a broad swathe was cut through this small so uh well so well forest for electrical power lines, despite the area you know uh like I mean okay being surrounded by clear country and declared a protected area.
4632.txt: This is the most basic of the CDC family uh like um um um of profiles hackedis a set of Java APIs tuned for well okay you know you know you know low - footprint devices that have limited resources that do not need a graphical user interface system.
4057.txt: The first Bentley capable of running on both petrol (gasoline) and so um like well well biofuel (E85 ethanol), its 6. 0 litre W12 engine uh I mean okay uh I mean was rated at 6, 000 rpm and at 1, 700 - 5, 600 rpm - using either fuel.
3196.txt: Robert Nugent Dunbar (died 1866), poet, lived many years in the Antilles and elsewhere in the West Indies.
413.txt: As Austin confronts Dr. Evil, Dr. Evil gives him so I mean uh I mean like a choice: save the world or Felicity, who is locked in a chamber with poison gas.
768.txt: Cleveland has four trains per day, all but one run in the middle of the night.
4171.txt: The main problem was proof of guilt and thus the Redferns are about to depart with smugness.
549.txt: Before the founding of Russellville, a small town located on well um okay uh um the Arkansas River, called Norristown, served as the county seat from 1830 - 1840.
3227.txt: Russell admitted that he molested Susan when she was a I mean well so well uh teenager and had consensual sex with her as an adult. As Susan was growing up she faced many hard times.
3935.txt: The building was then turned into a railway heritage centre in okay I mean okay so so 1979 by the Butetown Historic Railway Society and by I mean you know you know so um 1994 started to run steam hauled passenger services up 500m of track.
3455.txt: Sol Joel Park is a public park in um okay so like I mean Earley, a suburb in east Reading, Berkshire, England, on the like okay like like I mean Wokingham Road was given to the Corporation of Reading in 1927 by Solomon Joel.
3085.txt: Poon is the executive chairman of his Hong Kong listed okay um um like like vehicle Dickson Concepts, which owns companies including Harvey Nichols and S. T. Dupont.
221.txt: After his father's death in 1945, and after extensive consultation uh like I mean like so with a number of Shanghai's authoritative philatelic experts okay well I mean well I mean and philatelic literature collectors, he compiled and supplemented his father's you know uh well so you know original manuscripts and then translated the entire work from traditional Chinese to English.
2600.txt: Madison Smartt Bell (August 1, 1957 -) was born and raised in Tennessee.
4385.txt: The song, which describes the speaker's desire to retreat from uh uh well okay well other people to the ocean, is among the most famous you know so like uh so works of both artists and has been covered by many other notable performers.
1074.txt: Fisher and her mother appear together in' (2016), a like well you know uh I mean documentary about their relationship that premiered at the 2016 Cannes Film Festival.
540.txt: Because of fear to be delivered to Sowjetunion Backe hang himself in his cell on 6 April 1947.
1250.txt: H. P is also a character in the video you know um well you know like game Oh Sir! the insult simulator which is created by Vile Monarch.
4104.txt: The grandson of Tokugawa Yoshikatsu, the last lord of Owari han, uh so well you know like he served as chamberlain during World War II. Yoshihiro you know okay uh I mean well was famous for saving the recording of Emperor Hirohito's I mean um well well like surrender address from destruction by army officials who wished to continue the war.
3104.txt: Priest returns to the city and confronts Monsignor Orelas, telling uh so um okay so him of the burnt train containing the vampires' bodies, which he proves by throwing a vampire head onto the floor.
709.txt: Carvalho then enrolled at the University of Hawaii so um uh I mean well on a full football athletic scholarship, where he I mean um well like like earned a bachelor's degree in communications and public relations in 1983.
2169.txt: It can be easier to lose than like well like you know okay a flying disc, especially over long distances: its low um okay uh like you know profile can make it hard to spot on the so uh I mean so you know ground, and, in particular, it gets caught on tree branches more easily.
726.txt: Champion of Torm, Dwarven Defender, Pale Master, Red Dragon Disciple, well um okay um um Shifter, and Weapon Master; and other new features such well so like so I mean as the ability to hire two henchman at once and the uh well um so well increase of the maximum attainable character level from 20 to 40.
1714.txt: However, in the end McDuff opted to use okay I mean well um uh a piece of broomstick from his car, he choked Sullivan, and um well so uh okay then he and Green dumped her body in some bushes.
923.txt: During Allama Azmi's stay in the UK, he received an I mean uh uh well I mean offer to manage the Asharafiya University, generated by Huzoor Hafiz - e - Millat.
4378.txt: The six episode series was filmed in Khoo's Paris kitchen, and began airing on British TV on 19 March 2012.
3465.txt: Some have later chambers that are flared out like a fan, others are shaped like leaves.
1116.txt: Forensic investigators entered the flat as police cordoned off the street I mean um uh you know um outside; they recovered one small and two large bottles of vodka from her room.
3604.txt: The 2008 Patriot League Men's Basketball Tournament, a part of the uh you know you know so like 2007 - 08 NCAA Division I men's basketball season, took like uh you know you know I mean place on March 5, 2008 as a uh I mean uh um I mean single - elimination tournament, with games being played at the higher seeds' home courts.
3614.txt: The ABC affiliation for the Columbus - Tupelo - West Point like okay um okay um market will move to the of WTVA; before this announcement, Comcast well well okay you know I mean had planned to import an out - of - market ABC affiliate.
4924.txt: Wiebe co-founded the 'Cincinnati Poetry Review' in 1975, and the Cincinnati Writer's Project (CWP) in 1987.
4567.txt: They are known to lurk in crevices among okay uh uh you know you know rocky debris, feeding on tiny, stray springtails and flies that are blown up the mountainside from lower altitudes.
2152.txt: Iron fittings were excavated on the eastern side of so okay so um um the aforementioned grave, of which further excavation yielded a well - preserved lock.
2069.txt: In the 19th century an oficial archetectural survey declared like so okay uh okay the spire unsafe and dangerous the Town Council were ordered to take it down or make it safe.
1371.txt: He has reportedly spent thousands to look like the you know um like like well player. He also captured a little child who pretends to be Shanta's little brother.
2057.txt: In spite of that Russian alternative 2005 Final Festival was so you know okay you know well planned to be presentation of the CD, release date well well so well you know was deelayed up to the May, 2006, because okay so um um well of the negotiatations with Sony / BMG about track On ne changera Rien by Pleymo.
3565.txt: Taylor Smith is an American basketball player who recently I mean I mean um I mean so completed an All - American college career at Stephen F. Austin State University.
1405.txt: He is known for his presence on YouTube playing bass guitar okay uh um like um and session work, performing with Grammy Award - winning R&B artist, Ne - Yo on his fourth studio album.
336.txt: Alves was in the Tony winning revival of 'Anything Goes' okay so well I mean so with Sutton Foster and Joel Grey. He most uh uh I mean I mean so recently starred in the 2014 Broadway revival of 'On The Town'.
3386.txt: She was born in Honolulu, Hawaii, and is a graduate of Sarah Lawrence College.
759.txt: Civil Affairs soldiers are responsible for executing five well you know I mean like um core CA tasks, Civil Information Management, Foreign Humanitarian Assistance, Nation Assistance, Population and Resource Control, and Support to Civil Administration.
1399.txt: He is best known for writing about security issues for you know so I mean uh I mean the 'Washington Post' SecurityFix 'blog, which he founded in March I mean you know so so um 1995, with dozens of his blog articles being printed in the hardcopy' Washington Post' newspaper itself.
3337.txt: She first sells her body to a German guard in return for food; she becomes fond of another guard, Karl (Gianni Garko).
4778.txt: Ultimately, they came to the conclusion that the (unnamed) choice was like well so uh I mean going to do something 'too glossy' and wanted to I mean um um uh well present something more nuanced & interesting, and reached out to renowned documentary filmmaker D. A. Pennebaker,.
985.txt: Edward Richard O'Malley (March 13, 1863 -- May 30, 1935) okay well you know well well was an American lawyer and politician who was New York well uh so um I mean Attorney General and as a justice of the New York Supreme Court.
2977.txt: Operating system designer Linus Torvalds has criticized the default file system uh okay I mean you know uh of OS X, HFS Plus, saying it is okay well um so um 'probably the worst file - system ever', whose design is 'actively corrupting user data'.
2591.txt: M. H. Douglas born as Muhammad Hussain (Arabic you know so um so like / Persian / Urdu: محمد حسین) was a well okay so uh like Stunt director, Action Director, Action Co-ordinator who choreographed fight and action scenes for many Bollywood Hits.
1059.txt: Father Came Too! is a British comedy film first released in you know um um um okay 1963, starring James Robertson Justice, Stanley Baxter, Leslie Phillips, Sally Smith, Ronnie Barker and Kenneth Cope.
2114.txt: In the summer of 2009, they were once again invited uh you know um well well to perform at the Montreal Jazz Fest. In like like so uh okay December, however, the members announced on their website they had decided to quit as a band.
4235.txt: The one hundredth running of the annual event was held you know so okay so like in 2009; it was canceled twice due to World War I and lack of organizers in 1918 and 1919.
3692.txt: The Directorate - General for Energy and Transport (DG TREN), in okay like okay um so operation since 1 January 2000, was created by merging the I mean okay like well I mean Directorate - General for Transport and the Directorate - General for Energy.
4857.txt: Wayne's Coffee is a Swedish - based coffee - house chain with I mean uh okay I mean like locations in several Scandinavian countries as well as futher out into the Baltic region.
485.txt: At that time the Department of Defence was of like like okay well so relatively little consequence in the Commonwealth government; each service (Navy, I mean well so like I mean Army and Air Force) had its own separate department with its own minister.
2306.txt: It was the worst civilian aviation incident ever to take okay you know well like like place in Portugal until the crash of TAP Portugal Flight 425 in 1977.
839.txt: David Pallett (born 8 February 1990) is an English darts player currently playing in Professional Darts Corporation events.
3263.txt: Sayner is also home to one of the nation's well uh I mean uh uh oldest summer camps, Camp Highlands for Boys, founded in I mean you know well uh like 1904, and located on the northeast end of Plum Lake.
3355.txt: She is the Foreign Minister of Somalia, having been named so so I mean I mean I mean to the position on 4 November 2012 by Prime Minister Abdi Farah Shirdon.
2875.txt: On 13 February 2012, 360 and Crystal Bale became engaged; the pair then separated on 24 December 2012.
3254.txt: Samuel Montagu & Co. Became a wholly owned subsidiary uh okay well um like in 1974, and on completion of the acquisition Midland you know you know so okay uh also gained a majority share in Guyerzeller Bank AG in Switzerland.
3360.txt: She married Nathaniel Henry Alcock, a radiologist in like so like well like 1905, and moved to Canada, but he died of cancer so so um well well and she returned to Britain and obtained a post at the like so like uh well Plant Pathology Laboratory, Ministry of Agriculture, Kew Gardens, which later moved to Harpenden.
2033.txt: In his second season, he alternated between the midfield um you know so well you know and forward line, and with several dominant performances, he finished runner up in the club best and fairest.
979.txt: Echo Canyon Dam was built in 1969 - 70, and is the farthest downstream dam on the Meadow Valley Wash.
655.txt: But as the book progresses she becomes more and more violent, blaming Jess for her own deeds.
1887.txt: In 2005, trumpeter Rick Braun covered it on so um okay I mean um his album 'Yours Truly' and in 2006, the song was well so well you know well covered by Thomas Anders for his swing album 'Songs Forever'.
427.txt: As a result many tree snail species were hunted to extinction uh uh um so like within the first year and these predatory snails so uh okay um you know continue to represent a threat to the local snail fauna.
2629.txt: Many men took this day as a convenient opportunity to spend I mean you know so well I mean the day drinking in the local pub. As a so you know okay okay okay result, the original aim of expressing respect and sympathy to women was totally lost.
869.txt: Devil May Cry 'changed Eva's race from human to angelic, and the character is voiced by Sarah Lafleur.
3841.txt: The Spirit of Atlanta Drum and Bugle Corps um you know um you know uh is a nonprofit 501 (c) (3) organization that has a Board well um so like uh of Directors, corps director, and staff assigned to carry out the organization's mission.
3211.txt: Root exudates from AMF host plants grown in a okay so I mean you know so liquid medium with and without phosphorus have been shown to affect um okay so so you know hyphal growth. Spores of 'Gigaspora magarita' were grown in host plant exudates.
62.txt: A common belief in this community is that like uh you know so well true features would last longer (this is the meaning well you know uh like I mean of PERSISTENT), short persistence is nothing but noisy, though no mathematical justification is made.
3415.txt: Since 2003 he is full professor at ETH Zurich uh uh okay you know you know and since 2009 he is the Director of the Institute for Mathematical Research at ETH.
253.txt: After the break - up of Austria - um you know um um I mean Hungary in 1918, the county continued to exist in Czechoslovakia, I mean okay you know well you know but it was abolished in 1928 and replaced well so you know like um by a new territorial unit called the 'Slovak Land'.
2502.txt: Later, Hopkins began to pursue his interest in science, publishing uh you know uh like well a paper in 'The Entomologist' on the purple vapor I mean uh okay uh okay ejected by the bombardier beetle and taking a job as an analyst in a commercial laboratory.
3028.txt: Paramount Pictures Corporation (known professionally as Paramount Pictures um okay so well uh and often referred to simply as Paramount) is an American you know so so uh well film studio based in Hollywood, California, that has been like okay um um uh a subsidiary of the American media conglomerate Viacom since 1994.
1272.txt: Han Jung - soo (한정수) (born November 11, 1973 so well okay I mean uh in Seoul) is a South Korean actor, best known for so I mean so so I mean his roles in the television series 'The Slave Hunters' and 'Prosecutor Princess'.
1341.txt: He found that they were a hit worse than I mean well well well okay the titanic, so he worked with a Dallas company to um well uh uh well develop the ICEE machine, which took him five years, replicating the consistency in slushy soft drinks.
4498.txt: There are 50 breeds and 80 types of animals in the like I mean I mean you know you know game, including Pomeranians, lions, crocodiles, tigers, giraffes, hippos, so so um I mean like cheetahs, chimpanzees, gazelles, chickens, Beagles, Dilophosaurus, hyenas, Deinonychus, and Sika deer.
1431.txt: He liberated the central Serbian tribes from Bulgarian empire, concluded um so uh okay okay a voluntary confederation with the chiefs of Bosnia / Bosna that brought them out of Croatia's control.
1996.txt: In addition to the adult entertainment industry, Dior also had so uh like well so some roles in mainstream film and television, including guest so okay well so you know appearances in', 'Head Over Heels', and 'Veronica's Closet', as well as directing an episode of 'Xena'.
4529.txt: There is tension between Stephen and Mulligan, stemming okay I mean you know so you know from a cruel remark Stephen has overheard Mulligan making I mean okay well so um about his recently deceased mother and from the fact that Mulligan has invited an English student, Haines, to stay with them.
2171.txt: It celebrated its fiftieth anniversary in 2007 and in July 2010 expressed an interest in converting to an academy.
2268.txt: It was Garlan that dressed in Lord Renly's armor you know I mean like you know I mean during the Battle of the Blackwater, and the sight of uh so I mean like you know what seemed to be a dead man leading the like um like um well Tyrell / Lannister host drove many of Stannis' men into panic.
4950.txt: With the backing of the occupying French, Romanian troops invaded Hungary, occupying Budapest on August 6, 1919.
3129.txt: Pugh was born in the British West Indies as um well I mean well uh son of a Wesleyan minister, and came to Brisbane from London in 1855.
3719.txt: The Georgia Railroad was built by local contractors Fannin, Grant & you know like I mean so you know Co in 1845 giving Augusta a rail link to Atlanta, you know um I mean uh so which connected to the Tennessee River at Chattanooga, Tennessee, thus providing access to the Mississippi River.
3939.txt: The carrier, the USS Nimitz, was nuclear powered, but everything like I mean so like well else, including the Nimitz's strike aircraft, ran on a 50: well I mean like you know um 50 mix of petroleum and biofuel derived from cooking oil and algae.
4477.txt: The word 'story' may be used as a well um okay you know okay synonym of 'narrative', it can also be used well um like um well to refer to the sequence of events described in a narrative.
3812.txt: The Program is conducted by Jull Weber from Puerto Rico and Hony Estrella from the Dominican Republic.
3988.txt: The cover of the game features Steve Yzerman and Scott okay okay I mean you know so Stevens, and Get Ready For This by 2 Unlimited is uh well uh um like used as the game's main theme (for the PC version, okay well like you know okay the game music is done by game composer Jeff van Dyck).
2955.txt: Once reunited with Lucifer, it will become clear that she's the so so um okay so one he takes after. Charlotte is fearless and has a strong conviction for who she is and what she deserves.
2760.txt: Mountain Community Television Channel 15 (commonly known uh like like um like as MCTV 15) is a small Public - I mean so well so okay access television cable TV station, founded by Diana J. Limjoco, its first Chairman, Exec. Director, Producer.
2406.txt: Julie Amero is a former substitute teacher who was I mean well so so so previously convicted of four counts of risk of injury to like I mean uh I mean you know a minor, or impairing the morals of a so like so well like child until on June 6, 2007 she was granted a new trial.
3376.txt: She walked out on their wedding, and she currently so like like I mean I mean is single and holds intense anger towards Richard for ruining you know you know you know uh I mean their wedding, and also became furious to learn she I mean um like uh okay is pregnant, even though Richard told her he got a vasectomy.
945.txt: During the Boer war 22, 000 troops were treated um so well well um for wounds inflicted during battle and the Medical Department of the army mobilized 151 staff and regimental units.
2965.txt: One of the doctors attending him was the neurosurgeon Hugh Cairns who um well I mean you know okay consequently began a long study of what he saw as you know um okay um I mean the unnecessary loss of life by motorcycle dispatch riders through head injuries.
3370.txt: She sought a place for him to avoid fighting in uh um um you know okay the Trojan War, disguising him as a woman in the court of Lycomedes, the king of Scyros.
1280.txt: Harry Binswanger was born and raised in Richmond, Virginia, okay okay well you know I mean and is a scion of Binswanger Glass Co. , founded in 1872 by Samuel Binswanger.
1253.txt: HFC - 227ea contains no chlorine or bromine atoms, um you know um uh like presenting no ozone depletion effect, but its global warming potential is quite high.
2725.txt: Modeling mark - recapture data is trending towards a more well I mean I mean you know I mean integrative approach, which combines mark - recapture data with population dynamics models and other types of data.
2421.txt: Kaif is a celebrity spokesperson for a number of okay so um so like brands ( including Slice, Nakshatra, Lux, Panasonic and L'Oréal ), you know so I mean okay like and is the first Bollywood actress to inspire a Barbie doll.
2843.txt: North American Area code 614 is the area code um um so I mean well for the Columbus, Ohio metropolitan area; it is one of the original area codes established in 1947.
3638.txt: The Awards is an exciting annual program founded by Ghanaian DJ um okay um okay uh and Radio presenter, Merqury Quaye. To foster the development I mean you know so uh um of the Ghana music industry by rewarding and celebrating Radio, Mobile and Club DJs.
757.txt: Circa 1711, Hamilton's second child and first son James I mean well I mean so well Hamilton was born; he went on to become a mayor of Philadelphia and a governor of the Pennsylvania colony.
3633.txt: The Arga is a river of Navarre, in Spain you know like I mean okay so and is one of the tributaries of the river Ebro.
3855.txt: The Touchdown Club's longest - standing award -- first okay okay like like uh presented to Ohio State's Howard 'Hopalong' Cassady in 1955 -- is given to the College Football Player of the Year.
2867.txt: Olivia Mcvitie, known as Liv Mcvitie is 19 years old and is one of liverpools top glamour models.
4918.txt: While writing 'The French Lieutenant's Woman', he was working so I mean well well like on the screenplay for the film adaptation of 'The well you know um okay um Magus'; 'The Collector' had already been adapted as a film released in 1965, gaining him further popular attention.
327.txt: Although mainly a novelest, he also wrote several plays, the most famous being 'Yellow Sands'.
3099.txt: Pratt first appeared on the 'BRW' Rich 200 in well uh well like okay 2009, following the death of his father earlier that okay I mean I mean um so year, and debuted as the richest person in Australia with a net worth of 4. 3 billion.
446.txt: As noted above, his former fiancée Garbo lobbied for Gilbert you know you know so so well to co-star with her, and he received a new seven - uh uh um well like year contract with MGM as a result, but the film failed to revive his career and he died three years later.
1254.txt: Had Kurtzman stayed with 'Mad', he said he would have you know um uh okay so urged Gaines to include advertising, which may have allowed for higher production values, such as color interiors.
3599.txt: The 1st century Greek rhetorician and historian Dionysius of okay um um like um Halicarnassus indicates that the Roman institution of slavery began with uh like like uh well Romulus giving Roman fathers the right to sell their own you know um I mean you know I mean children into slavery, and kept growing with the expansion of the Roman state.
3319.txt: She attended Saint Mary's High School in Phoenix, Arizona, and I mean uh okay well like attended the University of Arizona State, where she was the you know so like like you know starting pitcher her freshman year and helped to lead the okay so um I mean you know Sun Devils to the 2011 NCAA Division I national softball title.
1314.txt: He certainly knew 60 foreign languages, but his contemporaries, friends and scientists, claimed he knew many more.
4172.txt: The main transmitter is now located on the ridge between well like uh uh like Cullowhee and Waynesville, while there is a construction permit for you know you know so so I mean booster station WWCU - FM1 in Cullowhee itself, well you know so um you know which is somewhat blocked from the main signal by terrain shielding.
490.txt: At the age of 13 he read Thomas's Elpis Israel well so like okay I mean and was subsequently baptised in 1853 at the age well you know well okay like of 14 in the River Dee and joined the 'Baptised Believers'.
4936.txt: Winnie, whose Chinese name is Weili, was forced to live um um uh okay um with her Uncle and his two wives (New Aunt and Old um well well I mean like Aunt) and never felt as loved as her uncle's true daughter, Weili's cousin, Peanut.
152.txt: According to Mnaseas, again cited in Athenaeus, Glaucus I mean like um like I mean abducted Syme on a journey back from Asia, and had the uh you know uh um uh island Syme named after her; according to Aeschrion of Samos, Glaucus was the lover of the semi-historical Hydne.
3427.txt: Since the end of 'the browsers wars' there have been I mean well I mean you know so new browsers coming onto the scence, many of these so so uh you know you know are open source meaning that they tend to have faster development and are more supportive of new standards.
60.txt: A chalice may be placed on an altar or on um you know like uh uh the ground and may contain wine, whisky, water, or other liquids.
2644.txt: Mark Rutherford Upper School is an upper school located so I mean I mean like okay on Wentworth Drive in Bedford, England, named in honour um you know um okay um of the writer William Hale White who used 'Mark Rutherford' as a pseudonym.
2016.txt: In each episode, Rachael prepares dishes from start to I mean uh uh um you know finish in 30 minutes or less and offers tips on how to save time during cooking.
1913.txt: In 2012, Nieto was sponsored by The New like uh um so uh York Athletic Club and focused on making the Olympic Team, I mean I mean like so like training at the Olympic Training Center in Chula Vista, California.
326.txt: Although he had planned an active post-presidency, in 1994 um well um I mean you know Reagan disclosed his diagnosis with Alzheimer's disease earlier that year, so um well well okay appearing publicly for the last time at the funeral of Richard Nixon.
2024.txt: In general it avoids human contact, but one fatality is so uh I mean well you know reported from a bite in 1983 when a Papuan woman was bitten and later died from an infection.
2115.txt: In the summer of 2010, a massive reconstruction of the um well like uh well venue was started, new side sectors with roof covers I mean like uh I mean like were built and the media sectors were expanded I mean I mean I mean well well in order to meet the UEFA guidelines for Champions League matches.
219.txt: After graduation, Holly's desire for a challenge led her to you know like like um you know dive into the exciting and ever - changing world of so um I mean I mean well IT, where she worked with Fortune 500 companies nationwide, staffing their tech departments.
3395.txt: Shepherd was investigated for financial misappropriation and mishandling, during well well um like uh which time it was discovered that in I mean like you know um uh addition to his overspending, Shepherd had given preference so um um um so to neighborhoods and areas of the District in which he or his political cronies held financial interests.
1465.txt: He received a yellow card, upheld on appeal, in the quarter - uh uh so well um final match against Denmark; this meant that Nedvěd so okay like okay well would miss the final if he received another yellow card in the semifinal against Greece.
3577.txt: That branch was completed in May 1900 but by uh I mean like okay well 1911, another line diverted traffic once served by the Columbia Southern and the town begin to decline.
57.txt: A POJI corresponds to a Java standard interface and is usually you know so okay well um used to interfaces that are used in the JEE context to provide services.
3113.txt: Produced by Pawan Kalyan and Sharath Marar jointly under um uh I mean uh um their banners Pawan Kalyan Creative Works and Northstar Entertainment Pvt I mean um uh you know you know. Ltd. In association with Eros International, it is the sequel of Kalyan earlier film 'Gabbar Singh' (2012).
4794.txt: Unlike at Truk, when the fast carrier uh okay um I mean I mean force achieved surprise and Japanese air forces could not uh so uh so so muster a counter-attack, the enemy knew that the Americans were coming; I mean like you know you know I mean this time a Japanese air attack force would contest US Navy ambitions.
2307.txt: It was then sold by Gompers to the American I mean so I mean you know well War Mothers, also known as the Gold Star Mothers so uh like so uh because their display of a flag with a blue star well so um um I mean for a son on active service and a gold I mean uh I mean uh you know star for a son who had been killed in action.
2479.txt: Kraven, realizing how useful Gog can be, decides to use well so okay uh like him in a plot to conquer the Savage Land; after okay I mean so well I mean kidnapping the visiting Gwen Stacy from a camp in the you know okay like like okay Savage Land, Kraven and Gog battle the heroes Ka - Zar and Spider - Man.
4383.txt: The sole church of the Parish of Westville, St Elizabeth's like you know you know you know I mean Anglican Church is an Anglican Church within the Diocese uh um well you know um of Natal and furthermore under the Church of the Province of Southern Africa.
2450.txt: Khrushchev had been rapidly promoted by Kaganovich through various you know uh I mean I mean you know senior posts until 1929 when he moved to Moscow to continue his education, which he never completed.
3676.txt: The Commandant then becomes interested in Lisa, and he well so like um uh is amazed by her broken spirit and whatever he so um I mean I mean you know does to torture her does not demoralise her you know I mean so I mean well as she is already mentally dead, the Commantant becomes angry and uh well like okay okay burns her best friend in a pit of lime.
3619.txt: The Albuquerque Museum, New Mexico Museum of Natural well okay well so you know History and Science, National Atomic Museum, and Explora! are located just to the west of Old Town.
3928.txt: The body was of pressed steel, incorporating a box um I mean okay you know uh - section chassis with torsion - bar suspension on well okay okay you know so all wheels (independent at the front) and internal gear - and - pinion steering.
4065.txt: The first export Hawk 50 flew on 17 May 1976, um okay um uh like this variant had been specifically designed for the dual so so so okay I mean - role of lightweight fighter and advanced trainer; it had a greater weapons capacity than the T. 1.
2603.txt: Mahon became the club's chairman in 1892, overseeing the ground well so um uh well move and remained a board member after resigning from the post in 1895.
4035.txt: The fifth floor is off limits to hotel guests, it um okay uh so I mean also does not have a button on the elevator panel.
1564.txt: He was the lead singer and songwriter for Junkhouse, one uh like you know like I mean of Canada's most successful alternative rock bands in the well like like I mean I mean 1990s, and also collaborated with Stephen Fearing and Colin Linden in the folk 'supergroup' Blackie and the Rodeo Kings.
937.txt: During the 1950s, he worked steadily in movies and television, okay okay okay like uh and in the early 1960s, he majored in music at the Carnegie Institute of Technology.
2116.txt: In the worst case, this may lead to like you know uh so um a cascading series of shut downs and a major uh okay well well well regional blackout, such as occurred in the US Northeast blackouts um you know so well uh of 1965, 1977, 2003, and major blackouts in other US regions in 1996 and 2011.
2788.txt: Napa Gamay is not related to the famous Gamay of I mean um um I mean well Beaujolais, and the name is being phased out and um well um I mean well will not be allowed on California wine labels after 2007.
1168.txt: GM believed in the standardization of its products, that uh okay uh well well were sold to either individuals or to the corporations um so um like uh of an entire industry, while the railroads at um so well so uh the time, still had a veritable, 'handicraft' industry of motive power (locomotive) design and construction.
1775.txt: In 1774, the courthouse was the site of local okay you know I mean uh like preparation for the first assembly of the Virginia Convention and so like okay I mean like it considered grievances against British rule and the 'Hanover uh um you know um okay Resolves' adopted at the meeting also supported the Boston Tea Party.
2238.txt: It is the cleanest village in Kerala, and it can be accessed from both MC Road and NH 47.
4555.txt: They accused the elected government of massive corruption, abuse of power you know so you know um well for their own advantage, and charged several cabinet members, including Chatichai, with 'unusual wealth'.
3817.txt: The Red River Rebellion of 1869 broke out, resulting like um you know well well in the 'Manitoba Act' and that province's entry into the Canadian Confederation.
2995.txt: Other nearby towns are Sorano, Pitigliano, Acquapendente and Orvieto, with Onano to the northwest.
3054.txt: People gather at tea houses to chat, socialize, and okay well um um well enjoy tea, and young people often meet at tea houses for dates.
4846.txt: Vonda N. McIntyre, daughter of H. Neel and Vonda uh okay so you know so B. Keith McIntyre, spent her early childhood on the like um okay um like east coast of the United States and in The Hague, Netherlands, before her family settled in Seattle in the early 1960s.
1139.txt: Freight service on the Gladstone Branch is limited, but there so well okay okay um is some, especially in Berkeley Heights. There the usual once you know I mean like okay like a week freight train (Norfolk Southern), stops at Rehels chemical plant.
3257.txt: San Francisco enacted the same ban, and similar ones have so well um uh you know been proposed or considered in other cities or states across the country.
3505.txt: Stephanie Lynn 'Stevie' Nicks (born May 26, 1948) is an okay okay so like uh American singer - songwriter who is best known okay like like uh like for her work with Fleetwood Mac, and for her chart - topping solo career.
2193.txt: It included the entire party and many of the fruit you know so I mean so like vendors. Several people died, due to a fatal blow to the head, from one of Roderick Humphery's watermelons.
2290.txt: It was formed during several episodes of quaternary glaciation when sea okay you know well well you know levels were much lower - the analysis of stalactites uh okay well I mean well found in Great Blue Hole shows that formation took place uh I mean um I mean okay 153, 000, 66, 000, 60, 000, and 15, 000 years ago.
2394.txt: Joseph Christopher Carter (born March 7, 1960) is a former outfielder uh well you know okay uh and first baseman in Major League Baseball who played from to.
3714.txt: The G20 and its counterparts replaced the original Chevrolet Corvair so um uh um well Greenbrier Van in the late 60s the model line evolved so I mean um well uh until it was replaced in 1996 by the Chevrolet Express.
2582.txt: Luljeta Bitri (born June 27, 1976) better known by her stage so okay you know like um name Luli Bitri, is an Albanian Actress, often cited for so well I mean okay well her striking presence and ability to breathe authentic life into the roles she plays.
3647.txt: The Brickley Engine is a patented proposal for so um uh you know I mean the design of an internal combustion engine which in like okay like um well one embodiment uses opposing pistons driving a central linkage mechanism which turns the crankshaft with a single connecting rod.
147.txt: About 20 % of the cases of polyhydramnios are associated well like like like so with fetal anomalies that impairs the ability of the okay so like so uh fetus to swallow (because the fetus normally swallows amniotic fluid and absorbs it through its intestinal villi).
4873.txt: When Mackinac College closed in 1970, TV evangelist Rex Humbard purchased well like so well okay the building as part of a nondenominational Bible college, then I mean so okay I mean so began using the theater and other buildings as a vacation resort.
1328.txt: He describes these as relatively arbitrary choices, mediated by cultural norms um so I mean uh okay and traditions, identifying 'masculinity versus feminity' as one of like um uh okay okay five basic dimensions in his theory of cultural dimensions.
4624.txt: This duo, Foster & Lloyd, received a recording contract with um okay um uh um RCA Records Nashville that year; between 1986 and 1990, um well so um so they would record three studio albums and charted nine singles on the country charts.
1424.txt: He kept a journal that was published in 1807, the like well um okay okay first published journal from the expedition; in it, he coined the term 'Corps of Discovery'.
3774.txt: The Machu Picchu arboreal chinchilla rat, 'Cuscomys oblativus', is a like okay you know you know well large species of South American chinchilla rats, known from remains I mean well um um well found in 1912, buried alongside people in ancient Inca tombs at Machu Picchu in Peru.
4779.txt: Ultimately it is revealed that the murderer was well uh you know uh uh indeed acting under the influence of Jacko Argyle, and that so okay I mean um okay the failure of Jacko's (carefully planned) alibi was, well you know um I mean okay in hindsight, an ironic stroke of fate when the police failed to locate the absent Calgary.
612.txt: Born in San Antonio, Texas in 1954, his family moved to the Chicago suburb of Highland Park in 1964.
3111.txt: Private Badel Hernández Guzmán, from the town of Humacao, Puerto like you know well uh I mean Rico, was assigned to Company I, 65th Infantry Regiment, 3d Infantry Division.
4489.txt: Their musical journey started very early in life as like um I mean uh uh both started singing at Sunday school and through basic okay so well well uh education and also performing in various high schools and participating so like well so so at occasions in their birth region, the duo temporarily moved to Accra where they eventually met.
227.txt: After leaving St. George, I - 15 continues northeast and you know okay uh so uh passes through the northern part of the city of you know you know uh I mean okay Washington, with interchanges at Green Springs Drive, Washington Parkway, and State Street (SR - 9).
3950.txt: The chassis were then bodied by coach - so um um well okay builders such as 'Million Guillet' in Paris and the exclusive finished models were badged as 'Rougier'.
2297.txt: It was more of a hit and run tank it could do 50kph easy.
596.txt: Bolt Thrower announced that as they were satisfied with the I mean I mean well um uh 'Those Once Loyal' album, they will be indefinitely postponing uh well um uh um the recording of another LP, as their goal was always to stop after releasing 'the perfect Bolt Thrower album'.
3240.txt: SU - 122 were used in numerous battles on the so well um uh okay Eastern Front including Battle of Kursk (Battle of Prokhorovka, they well um okay so uh also took part in recapturing of Orel and in the subsequent pursuit) and Fourth Battle of Kharkov.
3149.txt: Rapid growth of industry drastically changed the city itself - so uh like um you know by the early 1960s the population exceeded the 100, okay I mean um I mean uh 000 mark (three times bigger than the pre-World War II like like okay you know um population), and by 1970 it became the largest city in the Vologda Oblast ahead of Vologda itself.
3442.txt: Skarbek showed her penchant for stratagem when she and I mean so like you know uh Kowerski were arrested by the Gestapo in January 1941; like so so so I mean and she won their release, feigning symptoms of pulmonary tuberculosis by biting her tongue until it bled.
1909.txt: In 2011, he played for the Lake Elsinore Storm well so okay like um of the Class A-Advanced California League setting single - well so um like I mean season club records with 22 home runs and 111 RBIs, and was named a postseason All - Star.
155.txt: According to Watanabe, the Soka Gakkai has rocked established notions like I mean you know I mean well and hierarchies in Japan from its earliest years I mean I mean so like I mean when Makiguchi questioned the imperial system along with established institutions such as public education, the military, and clerical authority.
3396.txt: Shi Qian stole the innkeeper's mother hen and was caught uh you know you know uh okay by the Zhus but Yang Xiong and Shi Xiu escaped.
3875.txt: The Virginia classics are a traveling softball team in the Hampton I mean uh I mean like well roads area of Virginia there a 4 year softball team.
4776.txt: Udonis Johneal Haslem (born June 9, 1980) is an American I mean um okay um well professional basketball player who is currently a free agent in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
629.txt: Brandon Pirri (born April 10, 1991) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre, currently playing in the Chicago Blackhawks organization.
3641.txt: The Bears looked to improve upon their 6 -- 10 okay I mean you know so like record from 2015; however, they suffered a second consecutive 0 well well you know uh like -- 3 start, and were plagued by injuries to 11 of their 22 starting players by week 13.
4958.txt: Within months of his first arrest, Pérez was I mean I mean I mean um um involved in a trashed - hotel - room incident; he and um like um uh uh two members of Selena y Los Dinos were intoxicated and uh so so so okay began wrestling in a room, breaking the door and punching holes in the walls.
3930.txt: The book is the longest running coin price guide; the first edition, dated 1947, went on sale November 1946.
2542.txt: Liberty Hall also went by the name of Alfred so so so uh um Hardy & Son Blacksmith Shop, was a small brick building um um uh okay like located on Route 79 in the small section of Morganville.
2611.txt: Males arrive earlier than females at breeding sites I mean so um um you know to establish territories because defending territories with more nesting sites and food usually attract more females.
3682.txt: The County Hall is a 16 - storey so well so well well office block owned by Cork County Council and you know so okay um you know housing its administrative headquarters, the building is located in Carrigrohane Road in the city of Cork.
870.txt: Dewey - Hagborg's 'Totem' (2010) was a site - well uh I mean I mean like specific multimedia sculpture: an idol designed to explore I mean I mean uh well well the implications of language and artificial intelligence using machine learning technology.
2503.txt: Later, Liz tells Jack not interfere in her relationship so uh um I mean like with Carol, as she believes she has the perfect relationship um okay um well you know with him and reveals that she is imitating her life I mean like I mean like um as chef Ina Garten of the Food Network show 'Barefoot Contessa'.
961.txt: During this second explosion instead of taking cover Tara scrambles like like like I mean you know for her pain pills and Wolfe seeing this later confronts you know okay I mean I mean okay her about being an addict, though she swears she is fine.
2917.txt: On June 6, 2010 a weak tornado touched I mean well um so okay down and damaged the Fermi 2 generator building and forced an like you know okay okay uh automatic shutdown leaving over 30, 000 people without power in the area.
2060.txt: In the 'Yellow Emperor's Inner Canon', there are 9 kind okay um uh like uh of needles, the needle most common used is 7th which is seen in any acupuncture clinic now.
4827.txt: Various elements and obstacles are introduced as um okay I mean you know you know one moves on to new levels, which means that the so okay I mean you know you know complexity and level of puzzle solving required gradually increases as they progress through the game.
2377.txt: John E. Kellerd played 'Hamlet' for 102 performances in you know um um so you know 1912 - 13, arguably Some disclaim Kellerd's record because he played other parts in repertory during the run.
4176.txt: The majority of victims seeking advice are female and like like so uh uh aged between 18 and 23; it can have harmful so I mean so well okay effects on a girl's education and development, and may expose girls to social isolation or abuse.
808.txt: Cravat (1935 -- 1954) was an American record - setting you know uh like well uh Thoroughbred racehorse who won races on both dirt and turf that um okay I mean um you know today are Grade 1 events and in the U. S. Triple I mean okay you know um well Crown series, finished second in the Preakness Stakes and third in the Belmont Stakes.
2658.txt: Masood was known to police due to a number uh okay I mean okay um of prior criminal convictions, the oldest conviction was criminal damage you know okay uh I mean so in 1983 and the most recent was knife possession in December 2003.
4083.txt: The following season he went on to play twentyone uh you know okay well well games, scoring fifteen goals for the North Wales club before uh like I mean so um signing an eighteen month contract with The New Saints on 19 January 2010.
820.txt: Currently there are very few Jews in Kosovo, according to Čeda Prlinčević, the leader of Pristina's small Jewish community.
836.txt: Data input required intermediate processing via punched paper you know like um well so tape or card and separate input to a repetitive, labor intensive task, removed from user control and error - prone.
3797.txt: The Nevada City Downtown Historic District is a historic district you know I mean uh like like in Nevada City, California that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
2213.txt: It is easy to get involved in the fiesta even um okay well I mean so not knowing the language and to live the Carnival and on uh okay okay um I mean Saturday everyone wears a costume, which many times is related to the most polemical news.
1569.txt: He won a pair of tune - up fights, um well uh well like then faced contender Oba Carr in February 1999 where Carr you know you know uh well you know beat him on a 10 - round unanimous decision.
4711.txt: To assist in garnering public support for her projects, she founded um so so well I mean and was president of the Michigan Parks Association, a group uh um um okay um that was instrumental in passing a 100 million dollar state bond issue for parks and recreation in 1969.
3605.txt: The 2008/09 season saw the addition of a team from you know um um um um Logan, Queensland, the first team from South - East Queensland in over 10 years.
4829.txt: Various types of ceremonial pipes have been used um you know uh okay okay by multiple Native American cultures, with the style of pipe, um so okay so so materials smoked, and ceremonies being unique to the distinct religions of those nations.
2274.txt: It was built in 1837 and closed down ten years later, so so you know well you know but during the American Civil War the furnace came into use again.
1803.txt: In 1919 her family moved to Chicago and she began so um I mean you know okay studying piano; in the 1920s she began taking gigs in clubs and broadcast on radio.
4174.txt: The majority of LBP does not have I mean like I mean you know so a clear cause but is believed to be like like like so uh the result of non-serious muscle or skeletal problems such as sprains or strains.
2183.txt: It featured live performances of Pakistani singers Ali Azmat, like so like I mean I mean Faakhir Mehmood, Ali Zafar alongside Overload band. The Crowd was sold out and spectators enjoyed the closing ceremony.
4316.txt: The red - staining inocybe was first described by Axel like I mean so like well Gudbrand Blytt in 1904 as 'Inocybe erubescens', though was widely uh uh so so okay known for many years as 'I. Patouillardii', named by uh like I mean I mean you know Italian Giacomo Bresadola in 1905 after the French botanist Narcisse Théophile Patouillard.
855.txt: Designed by WZMH Architects, the building is listed as being uh like okay so like 28 stories tall, though the tower / observation deck okay I mean uh like so extends above the 28 office floors (claimed to be approximately 44 stories in total).
4603.txt: Third, Haplogroup C4 is the predominant male lineage among the okay you know you know I mean uh indigenous Australians and Haplogroup C5, which is found at an extremely low frequency in South Asia.
688.txt: Calvin Hill (born January 2, 1947in the Turners Station neighborhood well okay okay like well of Dundalk, Maryland) was a running back uh okay okay uh like with a 12 year National Football League career from 1969 to 1981.
1498.txt: He studied at the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts you know like so like um in Philadelphia, then joined a United States government survey expedition on the Pacific coast.
4031.txt: The family was then exiled and briefly gathered okay well I mean I mean I mean in Portugal, where her parents decided to separate; she and her okay well so uh I mean siblings went with their mother to Switzerland while their father remained in Portugal.
3612.txt: The 5th Animation Nation festival will be held from um um okay okay so 24 October to 2 November 2008 at Alliance Française so I mean like um okay de Singapour and the National Museum of Singapore's Gallery Theatre.
3978.txt: The complex was opened in 1965 and the you know so well you know I mean larger, ice hockey arena has a seating capacity of 7, 000 people.
3910.txt: The availability of timber also influenced the style of architecture I mean so I mean so you know with timber buildings prevailing in Scandinavia, and the availability of timber methods of roof construction across Europe.
2533.txt: Leslie Lemke was prematurely born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin with glaucoma, cerebral palsy, and brain damage.
2635.txt: Marathon County (UWMC), part of the University of Wisconsin I mean you know you know well uh Colleges, is a two - year campus of the University okay so you know okay you know of Wisconsin System located near downtown Wausau, Wisconsin, United States, adjacent to Marathon Park.
3561.txt: Tatarkiewicz educated generations of Polish philosophers, estheticians and art historians, as um okay well you know um well as interested laymen, and posthumously continues to I mean uh uh like like do so through his famous three - volume 'History uh I mean so uh okay of Philosophy' ( Polish: 'Historia filozofii' ) and numerous other works.
1823.txt: In 1947, archaeologist John Goggin described the three well well well so you know periods after examining shell mounds on Matecumbe Key, Gordon Pass well I mean okay uh okay near modern - day Naples, and south of Lake Okeechobee near modern - day Belle Glade.
4810.txt: Use a of variety of delivery methods and well um so so like learning approaches, including lecture, discussion, hands - on activities, projects, cases, um um uh uh um internet - based interaction, etc. These should be accessible well well I mean so like to students with a wide range of abilities, backgrounds, and previous experiences.
2059.txt: In the', Gaudapada established Advaita or non-dualism on a like I mean so well okay philosophical basis purely on rational grounds ( 'upapatti' ) - independent of scriptural revelation.
4597.txt: They received an at - large bid in the 2011 NCAA so well like okay well Men's Division I Basketball Tournament where they were upset in the second round by Richmond.
4670.txt: This was the 56th running of the Daytona 500, the most prestigious race in all of NASCAR.
2451.txt: Khurram tries to return back to the camp from the well well well uh so battle but takes long time to reach as he so like uh okay well forgets his way and Mumtaz Mahal dies while giving birth to her nineteenth child.
4812.txt: Using regular troops, then with help of the intelligence okay so like I mean uh service, the allied forces faced him on the road to Amba Alagi, and specifically, in proximity of Cherù.
4816.txt: V - ships is one of the world's largest ship management um I mean you know uh I mean companies operated in Monaco and is the current like so um I mean um Operator of the QE2, on behalf of Nackeal the company will over see the refit of the ship.
2610.txt: Major mistakes, such as a rider going off - pattern, okay well I mean you know I mean result in disqualification, also called a 'no score,' which prevents like okay um like like the horse from earning any award, even if it is the only horse in the class.
432.txt: As a stopgap measure, the Israelis recommended rebooting the so so so well I mean system's computers regularly, however, Army officials did not understand how often they needed to do so.
3151.txt: Ray inadvertently recalls a beloved corporate mascot from so you know like uh uh his childhood -- 'something that could never, ever possibly okay I mean you know I mean I mean destroy us' -- and the destructor arrives in you know you know so uh you know the form of a giant Stay Puft Marshmallow Man and attacks the city.
3795.txt: The Nazis forbade her to sing the song and I mean so I mean um so perform on stage ever again, after this the song uh I mean well like I mean went over to the Allied side, where it also became popular.
2709.txt: Millenia Singapore is a commercial and business area in the well uh um um okay Downtown Core and sits of land reclaimed in the 1970s from Marina Bay.
1519.txt: He was allowed to return to South Africa so well okay I mean so in 1919, to the house his daughter, Emily Booth, had I mean okay um okay I mean built some considerable distance from Cape Town, which discouraged him from any active involvement in African affairs.
225.txt: After it worked twice, the Iowa Hawkeyes blocked the third attempt; so well uh like uh the resulting great field position led to Iowa taking the well well so like you know lead, breaking a 20 -- 20 tie on route to a 30 -- 27 win.
3651.txt: The British government suspected that Rhodes knew that the um like so I mean um gold was depleted and that Rhodes' primary aim was you know um okay I mean you know to settle Mashonaland and Matabeleland all along, and after so so uh um so that and the Jameson Raid on the Transvaal he was not trusted to the same extent.
3596.txt: The 1965 National Football League Championship game was the uh okay you know um I mean 33rd championship game for the NFL, played on January 2, 1966, at Lambeau Field in Green Bay, Wisconsin.
4525.txt: There is an exceptional marble fireplace, as well well so uh so like as a marble - topped bar counter, and altogether like uh you know I mean well 50 different types of marble are used, with paired marble um like well so so Corinthian pilasters supporting the opulent ceiling, and even the chimney and the saloon walls are lined with marble.
3210.txt: Roosevelt decided to seat the all - white delegation, um okay I mean I mean you know and he ran a 'lily - white' campaign in the South in 1912.
2514.txt: Later in the same year he purchased the 'Herald & I mean you know you know uh like Tribune' in Jonesborough, Tennessee and was a delegate to the Republican National Convention in 1880, 1884, 1896, 1900, and 1904.
2794.txt: Nedunj Cheliyan III is referred to as the most popular you know well well you know okay warrior among the Early Pandyas, winning a battle at Talaialanganam against I mean well um like you know a coalition of forces from Cholas and Cheras and five other kingdoms.
2187.txt: It has an elevation gain of and is normally open from June through mid-November.
2066.txt: In the 1980s and 1990s, the program was known as so so I mean you know so The Walt Disney World Very Merry Christmas Parade or the Walt Disney World Christmas Day Parade.
328.txt: Although not allowed out of Samsun, Americans like relief worker okay so okay I mean like Gertude Athony observed the nearby village of Kadıköy being systematically uh I mean so okay uh looted and its residents as well as those from other affected villages fled to Samsun for refuge.
2803.txt: Newlands School FCJ, Middlesbrough is a mixed Catholic, state school in Middlesbrough, North East England.
4862.txt: Wendy Schaal (born July 2, 1954) is an American actress and so I mean okay like uh voice actress who is best known as the voice of Francine Smith in the TV series 'American Dad!'.
